<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Where cognitive development and aging meet: Face learning ability peaks after age 30 q</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2010-12-03">Available online 3 December 2010</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Germine</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Harvard University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>33 Kirkland St</addrLine>
									<postCode>02138</postCode>
									<settlement>Cambridge</settlement>
									<region>MA</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bradley</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Dartmouth University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>6207 Moore Hall</addrLine>
									<postCode>03755</postCode>
									<settlement>Hanover</settlement>
									<region>NH</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ken</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Harvard University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>33 Kirkland St</addrLine>
									<postCode>02138</postCode>
									<settlement>Cambridge</settlement>
									<region>MA</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Where cognitive development and aging meet: Face learning ability peaks after age 30 q</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2010-12-03">Available online 3 December 2010</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.cognition.2010.11.002</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 15 November 2009 Revised 4 November 2010 Accepted 6 November 2010</note>
					<note>a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:01+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Face recognition Visual recognition Adult development Cognitive development Individual differences</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>Research on age-related cognitive change traditionally focuses on either development or aging, where development ends with adulthood and aging begins around 55 years. This approach ignores age-related changes during the 35 years in-between, implying that this period is uninformative. Here we investigated face recognition as an ability that may mature late relative to other abilities. Using data from over 60,000 participants, we traced the ability to learn new faces from pre-adolescence through middle age. In three separate experiments, we show that face learning ability improves until just after age 30 -even though other putatively related abilities (inverted face recognition and name recognition) stop showing age-related improvements years earlier. Our data provide the first behavioral evidence for late maturation of face processing and the dissociation of face recognition from other abilities over time demonstrates that studies on adult age development can provide insight into the organization and development of cognitive systems.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>In an American television advertisement for the video game ''Brain Age'', an older gentleman is greeted by an old friend whose face he does not recognize. Fortunately, with the help of video game technology, he begins to train his brain to function at its peak: a brain age of 20 years. Part of what makes this scenario credible is the pervasive idea both in popular culture and science that our cognitive faculties peak where development ends, and development ends with biological maturity (around age 20). In line with this notion, there is a large literature demonstrating that cognitive performance declines over most or all of adulthood <ref type="bibr" coords="1,57.88,581.71,55.48,7.53" target="#b31">(Li et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,115.37,581.71,101.05,7.53" target="#b43">Salthouse &amp; Babcock, 1991)</ref>. Cognitive measures that show increases or stability during adulthood (such as vocabulary) are typically associated with acquired knowledge (e.g. crystallized intelligence: <ref type="bibr" coords="1,281.93,466.62,51.00,7.53" target="#b6">Cattell, 1971)</ref>. Only lately has brain development after childhood become a major focus of research <ref type="bibr" coords="1,459.88,477.11,43.19,7.53;1,281.93,487.54,80.93,7.53" target="#b2">(Blakemore &amp; Choudhury, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,367.65,487.54,76.52,7.53" target="#b18">Giedd et al., 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,448.94,487.54,54.15,7.53;1,281.93,498.03,21.81,7.53" target="#b19">Gogtay et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.74,498.03,87.23,7.53" target="#b32">Luna &amp; Sweeney, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,394.97,498.03,41.27,7.53" target="#b42">Paus, 2005)</ref>. Recent evidence indicates that the processes responsible for brain maturation and change -synaptic proliferation, synaptic pruning, and myelination -continue through adolescence and into adulthood <ref type="bibr" coords="1,323.15,539.86,73.76,7.53" target="#b47">(Sowell et al., 2003)</ref>.</p><p>Face processing has enjoyed significant, if mixed, attention over the past 30 years as a late maturing ability. Research has suggested that the quantity and quality of face processing continues to increase throughout adolescence <ref type="bibr" coords="1,306.37,592.19,130.91,7.53" target="#b5">(Carey, Diamond, &amp; Woods, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,440.38,592.19,62.74,7.53;1,281.93,602.62,51.69,7.53" target="#b10">Diamond, Carey, &amp; Back, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,335.85,602.62,82.52,7.53" target="#b30">Lawrence et al., 2008)</ref> and that face recognition may reach adult levels only at a relatively late age of about 16 years (Grill-Spector, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,401.50,623.54,101.63,7.53" target="#b23">Golarai, &amp; Gabrieli, 2008;</ref>. Early studies looking at face recognition development indicated that some core features of face processing do not emerge until around 10 years <ref type="bibr" coords="1,469.98,654.95,33.15,7.53">(Carey &amp;</ref>  LG created the testing environment, administered the tests, and recruited participants; LG and KN analyzed the data; LG wrote the paper with input from BD and KN. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,54.69,62.24,7.53" target="#b4">Diamond, 1977;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.20,54.69,70.63,7.53" target="#b5">Carey et al., 1980)</ref>. This conclusion has been challenged by subsequent theoretical and empirical work demonstrating that although face processing may improve during childhood, face processing is qualitatively similar in adults and children as young as 4 years old (see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,60.09,107.02,145.61,7.53" target="#b37">McKone, Crookes, &amp; Kanwisher, 2009</ref> for a review). Some researchers have argued that increases in face processing performance beyond childhood may be accounted for by differences in attention, concentration, and/or general memory rather than changes in face perception mechanisms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,169.78,120.90,7.53" target="#b33">Lundy, Jackson, &amp; Haaf, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,166.67,169.78,95.67,7.53" target="#b36">McKone &amp; Boyer, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,180.26,138.11,7.53" target="#b39">Mondloch, Maurer, &amp; Ahola, 2006)</ref>. A recent study by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,190.69,87.46,7.53" target="#b30">Lawrence et al. (2008)</ref>, however, found linear improvements in face recognition from 6 to 16 years even after effects of IQ were partialled out.</p><p>It is unclear from existing behavioral studies whether face processing undergoes extended development beyond what can be accounted for by the development of more generic processes. Results from functional neuroimaging experiments are more promising, however: to date, several functional neuroimaging experiments have documented consistent changes in face-selective brain responses with increasing age <ref type="bibr" coords="2,98.98,295.29,83.94,7.53" target="#b0">(Aylward et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,186.06,295.29,76.29,7.53" target="#b20">Golarai et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,305.78,87.96,7.53" target="#b41">Passarotti et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,132.94,305.78,129.35,7.53;2,41.16,316.21,47.37,7.53" target="#b45">Scherf, Behrmann, Humphreys, &amp; Luna, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,93.94,316.21,112.30,7.53" target="#b50">Taylor, Batty, &amp; Itier, 2004)</ref>. Using fMRI, researchers noted expansion of the fusiform face area (FFA) from childhood to adulthood <ref type="bibr" coords="2,178.52,337.13,83.83,7.53" target="#b0">(Aylward et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,347.62,79.97,7.53" target="#b20">Golarai et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,125.46,347.62,74.27,7.53" target="#b45">Scherf et al., 2007)</ref>. Critically, this expansion was evident even though face-selective areas of the superior temporal sulcus and object recognition areas such as lateral occipital complex did not change in extent <ref type="bibr" coords="2,69.50,389.46,80.73,7.53" target="#b20">(Golarai et al., 2007)</ref>. Along similar lines, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,238.90,389.46,23.43,7.53;2,41.16,399.89,47.24,7.53" target="#b45">Scherf et al. (2007)</ref> found similar selectivity and extent of place and object selective areas in children, adolescents, and adults alongside changes in face selective regions. Furthermore, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,65.31,431.30,75.75,7.53" target="#b20">Golarai et al. (2007)</ref> found that the spatial extent of right FFA was correlated with face recognition memory in children and adolescents, but not object or place recognition memory. These functional data point to changes in face-specific processing that extend into late adolescence. Nevertheless, the absence of a clear behavioral effect attributable specifically to face processing over this age range makes these results difficult to interpret, leading <ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,514.97,78.81,7.53" target="#b37">McKone et al. (2009)</ref> to speculate that FFA size may be related to changes in selective top-down modulation and not to face processing ability per se. An alternative raised by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,41.16,546.38,79.61,7.53" target="#b37">McKone et al. (2009)</ref> that is also consistent with the finding of <ref type="bibr" coords="2,68.77,556.81,80.80,7.53" target="#b20">Golarai et al. (2007)</ref> is that changes in FFA size may be due to differences in long-term storage of face information, which may or may not be related to differences in face-specific abilities.</p><p>Finally, there is also convergent evidence that face recognition ability declines over later adulthood <ref type="bibr" coords="2,233.96,609.14,28.38,7.53;2,41.16,619.57,142.44,7.53" target="#b7">(Chaby, Jemel, George, Renault, &amp; Fiori, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,186.34,619.57,76.04,7.53;2,41.16,630.06,21.99,7.53" target="#b34">Maylor &amp; Valentine, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,65.70,630.06,92.61,7.53" target="#b46">Shapiro &amp; Penrod, 1986)</ref> with reductions evident as early as 50 years of age <ref type="bibr" coords="2,131.98,640.49,92.56,7.53" target="#b8">(Crook &amp; Larrabee, 1992)</ref>. Furthermore, declines in face processing ability are associated with functional changes in the brain <ref type="bibr" coords="2,160.49,661.41,101.90,7.53;2,41.16,671.90,68.57,7.53" target="#b22">(Grady, McIntosh, Horwitz, &amp; Rapoport, 2000)</ref> as well as changes in white matter connectivity of face processing regions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,176.36,682.33,77.56,7.53" target="#b51">(Thomas et al., 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Here, we conducted a series of behavioral experiments to test the hypothesis that face recognition continues to improve beyond childhood and through adolescence. By investigating changes in face recognition ability beyond adolescence and into adulthood, we also were able to observe whether certain domains of memory and/or visual recognition develop beyond early adulthood. Using a large sample (n % 44,000) collected over the internet, we conducted a year-by-year analysis of face recognition ability in a cross-section of the population aged 10-70 years (Experiment 1). While we expected to see improvements over the course of adolescence, we were surprised by what we actually observed: steady increases in face learning ability through late adolescence with performance peaks after age 30.</p><p>All participants gave informed consent before participating and the protocol was approved by the Committee for the Use of Human Subjects at Harvard University.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Experiment 1: Cambridge Face Memory Test</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Method</head><p>The Cambridge Face Memory Test (CFMT; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,462.95,305.78,44.43,7.53;2,286.24,316.21,62.56,7.53" target="#b12">Duchaine &amp; Nakayama, 2006</ref>) is a test of unfamiliar face recognition that requires participants to learn and then recognize six target faces in conditions of varying difficulty. It has been used to detect subtle face recognition impairments in individuals with developmental prosopagnosia and has been shown to have good psychometric properties <ref type="bibr" coords="2,286.24,379.03,113.25,7.53" target="#b12">(Duchaine &amp; Nakayama, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,401.33,379.03,101.63,7.53;2,286.24,389.46,41.87,7.53" target="#b17">Garrido, Duchaine, &amp; Nakayama, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,330.23,389.46,124.28,7.53" target="#b26">Iaria, Bogod, Fox, &amp; Barton, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,456.66,389.46,50.75,7.53;2,286.24,399.95,19.87,7.53" target="#b52">Wilmer et al., 2010)</ref>.</p><p>We created an internet-based version of this test, using a new set of young, adult Caucasian male faces created with FaceGen software (Singular Inversions, Inc.). All faces were shown in grayscale with no visible hair or other distinguishing non-face features. In the first portion of the test, target faces were introduced to participants in three different views, with each face image presented for 3 s. After studying a face in each view, participants were presented with three forced-choice items. Each item included a study image of the target face and two nontarget faces shown in the same pose and lighting. The study and test cycle was repeated for six target faces, making a total of 18 items. After this introductory phase, participants were tested on 54 forced-choice items, each containing one target and two nontarget faces shown in novel views and under varied lighting conditions. Participants did not know on any given trial which of the six target faces would be present. In the last 24 trials, items were presented with visual noise added to make them more difficult. The final score for each participant was the total number of items correct out of 72 items (18 introductory items + 30 items with novel images + 24 with novel images and visual noise). An independent sample of 11 participants (6 female; age range: 21-35; mean age = 28, SD = 4) judged the average age of the target faces in this experiment as being 25.9 years of age (SD = 1.3). Sample images from the test are shown in <ref type="figure" coords="2,370.15,682.39,19.01,7.53" target="#fig_1">Fig. 1</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Participants</head><p>Visitors came to our website to participate in internetbased tests of visual recognition memory. Visitors arrived primarily through links posted on other websites, including popular media, social networking sites, blogs, and other user-generated links. Tests were advertised on the main page of our website as either ''Online Cambridge Face Memory Test'' (Experiment 1) or ''Test My Memory'' (Experiments 2 and 3). Of the 51,403 participants who completed Experiment 1, 44,680 met our criteria for inclusion in the current sample. Participants were excluded if they answered no to the question ''Is this your first time taking this test?'', if they had the same email address as another participant (indicating repeat participation), if they did not enter a gender that was clearly classifiable as male or female, if their total number correct was 0 (indicating technical problems or errors writing to the database), or if they listed an age that was less than 10 years or greater than 70. Participants included in this dataset had a mean age of 27.8 years (SD = 12). A summary of participant numbers at different ages, including participants of each sex, is provided in <ref type="figure" coords="3,82.49,284.86,18.67,7.53">Fig. 2</ref>. Approximately 61% of participants were female. All tests are available at our website at http:// www.testmybrain.org/visualmemory.php.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Results</head><p>We found that the age of peak performance was significantly higher than we would have expected based on  Number and sex of participants at each age. The height of each bar represents the total number of participants at each year of age. Number of females per year of age is shown in dark gray with number of males shown in light gray. The smallest age bins were at age 70 for Experiment 1 (n = 26), age 12 for Experiment 2 (n = 33), and age 12 for Experiment 3 (n = 12). previous literature. <ref type="figure" coords="4,115.20,54.69,24.10,7.53" target="#fig_3">Fig. 3a</ref> shows proportion correct on the CFMT, averaged by the age of our participants. Across all ages, mean proportion correct on this task was 0.81 and the average standard deviation of scores at each age bin was 0.13 (standard deviation of standard deviations across age bins, SD of SD = 0.01). Consistent with previous studies, face recognition increases steeply from the ages of 10 until approximately 20 years. At that point the slope reduces, but remains positive until just after age 30. Performance at 16 is comparable to performance at 65. The suggestion in the data of a pause in development from age 12 to 13 is consistent with studies by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,158.06,169.78,73.52,7.53" target="#b5">Carey et al. (1980)</ref> and by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,41.16,180.26,40.10,7.53" target="#b16">Flin (1980)</ref>, reporting a dip or plateau in face recognition performance at the onset of puberty.</p><p>Effect sizes for performance on the CFMT across the interval 12-20, 20-30, and 30-65 are shown in <ref type="table" coords="4,231.76,211.61,27.17,7.53">Table 1</ref>. These effect sizes indicate large improvements in performance from adolescence through adulthood and significant age-related decline from 30 to 65 years.</p><p>To more precisely determine the age at which performance is best, we required a method to estimate the peak of the age function shown in <ref type="figure" coords="4,154.26,274.37,24.84,7.53" target="#fig_3">Fig. 3a</ref> as well as a standard error for this value. The age function we observed closely approximated an inverted parabola when the scores were plotted linearly and age was plotted logarithmically (See <ref type="figure" coords="4,41.16,316.21,22.95,7.53" target="#fig_3">Fig. 3b</ref>), and so we fitted the data to a quadratic function.</p><p>To generate an estimate of the standard error, we used a bootstrap resampling procedure, resampling 200 times <ref type="bibr" coords="4,41.16,347.62,97.42,7.53" target="#b15">(Efron &amp; Tibshirani, 1993)</ref>. In this procedure, we replaced age with log(age) and sampled (with replacement) from the data (N = 44,680). This resampling procedure was repeated 200 times. For each new sample, we found the maximum of the best-fit quadratic function to give 200 values. We took the mean and standard deviation of these values as our estimate of the age peak and the standard error of that estimate, respectively. <ref type="figure" coords="4,144.40,420.81,23.71,7.53" target="#fig_3">Fig. 3c</ref> shows that this age peak is indeed much higher than expected (approximately 31.4 years) with a standard error of about half a year. The same peak (31.4 years) was observed for both male and female participants when analyzed separately.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Experiment 2: old/new faces and names</head><p>Studies of face recognition development have been criticized for assuming that differences in face recognition at different ages reflect changes in face-specific abilities rather than more generic memory or performance differences . Based on the data from Experiment 1 alone, we cannot conclude that our performance curve reflects genuine differences in face recognition rather than differences in other general factors affecting performance that vary with age. Along similar lines, we wanted to be certain that our results were not being driven by performance-related factors arising from self-selection biases in our sample. It might be the case that participants at different age groups came to the website for different reasons that might impact performance. For example, participants in their early 20s may have navigated to our website for entertainment purposes whereas participants in their early 30s had an interest in challenging themselves and testing their abilities and thus would be more motivated. Finally, we wanted to confirm that our effect was replicable using a different face testing procedure.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Method</head><p>We addressed these issues in Experiment 2 by running a pair of measures to look at recognition memory for unfamiliar faces and for unfamiliar names. Our face recognition measure was an old/new recognition memory test that required participants to learn the faces of 10 unfamiliar female targets <ref type="bibr" coords="4,391.12,421.03,86.05,7.53" target="#b13">Nakayama, 2006a and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,480.86,421.03,26.58,7.53" target="#b14">2006b;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,286.24,431.52,141.37,7.53" target="#b24">Harris, Duchaine, &amp; Nakayama, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,430.07,431.52,73.37,7.53" target="#b48">Steeves et al., 2006)</ref>. All faces were shown in grayscale and cropped, with no visible hair or other identifying non-face features. All faces were from individuals of Caucasian descent and an independent sample of 11 participants (see Experiment 1) judged the average age of the target faces as 25.8 years of age (SD = 0.99). In the learning phase, target faces were presented for 3 s each, two times per face. In the test phase, participants were presented with a face and asked to indicate if the face was one of the target faces (old) or a face that they had not seen before (new). Each target face appeared twice during the test phase, with 30 additional nontarget faces presented once each. Performance in this test was calculated as proportion correct out of 50.</p><p>The Name recognition test was adapted from the Doors &amp; People Test of verbal recognition memory <ref type="bibr" coords="5,218.72,661.42,39.35,7.53;5,36.85,671.90,120.11,7.53" target="#b1">(Baddeley, Emslie, &amp; Nimmo-Smith, 1994)</ref> and required participants to learn 12 unfamiliar male names. In the learning phase of this test, target names were presented on screen for 3 s each. In the test phase, participants were presented with a list of four names and were asked to indicate the target name. Distractor names always had the same first name as the target name, with last names that were chosen to be highly similar (e.g. Brownfield, Brownstone, Brownley, Browning). Performance in this test was percent correct out of 12.</p><p>Test order was counterbalanced across participants. We used the same bootstrap resampling and curve fitting procedure as in Experiment 1 to estimate a mean and standard error for the peak of each recognition curve.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Results</head><p>Results were calculated based on the 14,822 out of 18,552 participants who completed both tests. Criteria <ref type="table" coords="5,36.85,54.73,22.48,6.03">Table 1</ref> Effect sizes across different age ranges for each task <ref type="figure" coords="5,189.42,63.29,26.91,6.03" target="#fig_1">(Exp 1-3)</ref>. Effect sizes across three age intervals are presented in three ways for Experiments 1-3. Bivariate correlation coefficients between age and recognition memory performance are shown for data binned by year of age [r (binned)] and data without binning <ref type="bibr" coords="5,498.28,71.85,4.84,6.03;5,36.85,80.41,30.58,6.03">[r (unbinned)</ref>]. Cohen's d is shown for the difference between means across the age ranges. Cohen's d gives the number of standard deviations difference between two groups, and was calculated using the formula: d = (X 2 À X 1 )/((s 2 1 þ s 2 2 /2) 1/2 . X 1 and S 1 are the mean and standard deviation of the first age group, whereas X 2 and S 2 are the mean and standard deviation of the second age group. For Experiments 2 and 3, where more than one test was administered to each participant, Z scores are given for the differences between age-performance correlations for different tests in each age range. for inclusion were the same as in Experiment 1, except that the age range was limited to 12-65 due to low participant numbers in the youngest and oldest ages examined in Experiment 1. Experiment 2 was available on our site at a different time than Experiment 1, so overlap between experiments is unlikely to be significant. The mean age of participants was 33.8 (SD = 12.4). Fifty-seven percent of participants were female. Across all ages, mean proportion correct on the names task was 0.74 and the average standard deviation of scores at each age bin was 0.17 (standard deviation of standard deviations across age bins, SD of SD = 0.01). Mean proportion correct on the old/new faces task was 0.84 and the average standard deviation of scores at each age bin was 0.1 (SD of SD = 0.01). Number of female and male participants at each year of age is shown in <ref type="figure" coords="6,240.60,201.18,18.38,7.53">Fig. 2</ref>.</p><p>For the unfamiliar faces test, the mean peak in performance was at 33.1 years (see <ref type="figure" coords="6,153.35,222.10,18.60,7.53" target="#fig_4">Fig. 4</ref>). This peak was similar for male (31.5, SE = 0.5) and female participants (32.2, SE = 0.6). For the same set of subjects, the mean peak in performance on the unfamiliar names test was 23 years. Again, males and females showed comparable peaks (males: 23.1, SE = 3.6; females: 22.4, SE = 2.3). Hence, we were able to replicate our initial result and further confirm that the observed late peak in face recognition cannot be explained by changes in general factors affecting attention, memory, motivation or sampling irregularities related to self-selection. Effect sizes for the old/new faces and old/ new names tests are shown in <ref type="table" coords="6,163.16,337.13,26.89,7.53">Table 1</ref>. Over the interval from 20 to 30 years old, it is noteworthy that recognition memory for faces improves even as recognition memory for names stays relatively stable (see <ref type="table" coords="6,190.09,368.54,27.16,7.53">Table 1</ref>). Based on Steiger's Z1 Ã statistic for comparing correlations from the same sample <ref type="bibr" coords="6,337.38,54.69,53.04,7.53" target="#b49">(Steiger, 1980)</ref>, age-related changes in recognition memory for faces and for names significantly differed over this interval (see <ref type="table" coords="6,394.01,75.61,26.25,7.53">Table 1</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Experiment 3: old/new adult faces, child faces, and inverted child faces</head><p>Since the face images in Experiments 1 and 2 were limited to the faces of adults, it was conceivable that the late age peak might reflect a systematic age-related advantage for learning certain age faces <ref type="bibr" coords="6,410.62,165.64,96.78,7.53;6,286.24,176.07,96.49,7.53" target="#b29">(Kuefner, Macchi Cassia, Picozzi, &amp; Bricolo, 2008)</ref>. Perhaps younger participants would be better at learning younger faces? In addition, it was still unclear whether the performance curve we were observing reflected face recognition memory or simply more general differences in visual pattern-encoding ability or visual memory.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.">Method</head><p>In Experiment 3, we sought to address these concerns by testing two additional types of stimuli. In addition to testing recognition of upright adult faces, we also tested recognition of upright child faces to see if performance peaks were related to the age of to-be-learned faces. Finally, a third test was administered using unfamiliar inverted child faces, to see whether peak performance was related to general pattern encoding or visual recognition memory.</p><p>All three tests followed a similar format to the old/new face recognition test in Experiment 2, but with different face images. Child faces were photographs of individuals between 6 and 10 years of age. Both adult and child faces were of Caucasian descent, and an independent sample of 11 participants (see Experiment 1) judged the average age of the faces as being 25.4 years of age (adults faces; SD = 1.5) and 11.7 years of age (child faces; SD = 0.53). In each of the three tests, participants were required to learn the faces of 10 unfamiliar female targets (10 upright child faces, 10 upright adult faces, and 10 inverted child faces). In the learning phase, target faces were presented for 3 s each, once per face. In the test phase, participants were presented with a face and asked to indicate if the face was one of the target faces (old) or a face that they had not seen before (new). Faces were shown in the same orientation for both learning and test phases. Each target face appeared once during the test phase, with 20 additional nontarget faces presented once each. Performance in each test was calculated as proportion correct out of 30.</p><p>Test order was counterbalanced across participants. The mean and standard error of the peak of each recognition curve was estimated using the same procedure as in Experiments 1 and 2.</p><p>Based on previous reports of age-related changes in recognition performance for inverted as compared with upright faces <ref type="bibr" coords="7,83.28,295.29,76.18,7.53" target="#b5">(Carey et al., 1980)</ref>, we also looked at the performance cost of face inversion at different ages. For each participant, we subtracted inverted face recognition scores from average upright face recognition scores and looked at face inversion effects as a function of age.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.">Results</head><p>Our final sample size was based on 4280 out of 6474 participants who completed all three tests. Inclusion criteria were the same as in Experiment 2. Experiment 3 was available on our website at a different time than Experiments 1 and 2. The mean age of these participants was 33.2 years (SD = 13), with 69% females. Across all ages, mean proportion correct on the upright adult faces task was 0.88 and the average standard deviation of scores in each age bin was 0.09 (standard deviation of standard deviations across age bins, SD of SD = 0.01). Mean proportion correct on the upright child faces was 0.86 and the average standard deviation of scores at each age bin was 0.1 (SD of SD = 0.01). Mean proportion correct on the inverted child faces was 0.67 and the average standard deviation of scores at each age bin was 0.11 (SD of SD = 0.01). The number of male and female participants in each age bin is shown in <ref type="figure" coords="7,343.33,201.18,19.06,7.53">Fig. 2</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="7,293.55,211.61,26.31,7.53" target="#fig_5">Fig. 5a</ref> shows that memory performance for upright faces peaked at 31.6 years for adult faces (male participants: 31.0, SE = 1.5; female participants: 31.2, SE = 1.3) and 30.1 years for child faces (male participants: 31.4, SE = 1.3; female participants: 30, SE = 1.7). In the same sample of subjects, recognition of inverted faces was at its maximum in participants aged 23.5 years (male participants: 26.9, SE = 1.9; female participants: 21.8, SE = 2.3). Males had a significantly later peak for inverted face recognition memory than females (p &lt; 0.001), but earlier than their peak for upright faces (p &lt; 0.001).</p><p>Effect sizes for differences in upright and inverted face recognition performance across three age ranges are shown in <ref type="table" coords="7,321.96,347.61,27.45,7.53">Table 1</ref>. Again, we observed specific increases in upright face recognition performance over the interval from age 20 to 30, accompanied by decreases or relative stability in inverted face recognition memory. Moreover, we also observed an increasing cost of face inversion on recognition memory across the entire age range (average upright score -inverted face score; binned by year of age: r = 0.61, p &lt; 0.05; unbinned: r = 0.11, p &lt; 0.0001; see <ref type="figure" coords="8,41.16,334.24,19.79,7.53" target="#fig_6">Fig. 6</ref>). This relationship further illustrates differences in the developmental trajectories underlying recognition of these two types of stimuli.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">Discussion</head><p>In a series of experiments, we report the novel finding that the ability to learn and recognize unfamiliar faces improves until the early 30s. We found this result four times, with two different testing procedures and four sets of face stimuli. We also found that ages of peak recognition memory for faces (30-34 years) differed from the ages of peak recognition memory for names and inverted faces (23-24 years). Increases in face recognition from 20 to 30 years were accompanied by stability/decline in name and inverted face recognition in the same set of participants. The dissociation we found between face and name recognition memory confirms that improvements in face learning ability cannot be explained by differences in general factors related to performance, memory, or participant self-selection. The dissociation between upright and inverted face recognition memory further demonstrates that extended improvements for upright faces were not due to improvements in general factors related to general visual recognition memory or pattern encoding. Altogether, our results indicate that developmentally interesting changes take place during early to middle adulthood -in the window between development and aging -and that these changes can inform us about the basic organization and development of cognitive systems. Our results from Experiments 2 and 3 show that face recognition memory relies on mechanisms that develop differently from those responsible for some other types of recognition memory.</p><p>In Experiment 3, we observed an inversion effect that increased with age <ref type="figure" coords="8,363.80,65.17,26.31,7.53" target="#fig_6">(Fig. 6)</ref>. We interpret this increasing inversion effect in our dataset as being due to extended improvements in upright face recognition ability relative to inverted face recognition in early adulthood. The dissociation between upright and inverted face recognition suggests that developmental patterns for upright face recognition memory in our sample are at least somewhat specific to upright faces. A face-specific account would be consistent with findings from functional neuroimaging of age-related changes in activation of face-specific areas of ventral temporal cortex and not of other nearby regions <ref type="bibr" coords="8,286.24,180.26,81.39,7.53" target="#b20">(Golarai et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,371.39,180.26,72.63,7.53" target="#b45">Scherf et al., 2007)</ref>. Notably, these face-specific regions have been shown to be preferentially involved in processing upright faces <ref type="bibr" coords="8,429.33,201.18,78.12,7.53;8,286.24,211.61,19.85,7.53" target="#b53">(Yovel &amp; Kanwisher, 2005)</ref>.</p><p>How do we interpret our findings and what do they suggest about cognitive development? One possibility is that these changes are endogenously driven and/or reflect biologically programmed maturational processes. If this were the case, it is likely we would see the same trends and ages of peak performance across widely sampled populations, regardless of visual experience. Alternatively, our findings may reflect the impact of extended experience with a particular stimulus class (e.g. upright faces). Face recognition memory may continue to improve beyond the point that pattern encoding or other forms of visual recognition memory have finished developing because face recognition is used on a daily basis and reflects a highly practiced skill. If we sampled a crosssection of bird aficionados at different ages, for example, we would not expect their bird recognition memory to peak at the same time as their visual recognition memory, more generally. Instead, we might predict that their ability to recognize familiar birds would show extended improvement with increasing expertise. Extended development is exactly what we found with upright face recognition memory (relative to another visual stimulus class). Essentially, daily life may provide training for upright face recognition (but not inverted face recognition) that finetunes face memory in early adulthood.</p><p>Although we addressed the possibility of an own age bias by using children's faces in Experiment 3, it is possible that a comparable age peak was driven by the fact that individuals in this same age group (early 30s) are also most likely to have children of a similar age to the ones used in our experiment. If more of the 30 year olds have children aged 6-10 years then other age groups, this may have accounted for peak recognition of this stimulus group at that age. It is also possible that our effect is driven by the interaction between participant race/ethnicity and the race of the target faces used. Previous research has demonstrated a robust other race effect in face recognition, where people find the faces of other race individuals more difficult to recognize <ref type="bibr" coords="8,325.87,619.56,106.81,7.55" target="#b38">(Meissner &amp; Brigham, 2001)</ref>. All of our stimuli were Caucasian faces, so if participants in their early 30s included the highest proportion of Caucasians, this could also account for the effects that we observed. We did not collect data on participant race/ethnicity or whether participants had children, so we cannot exclude either of these possibilities. The current experiments relied on data gathered entirely from web-based tests. Current research indicates that data collected from the web can be highly reliable, empirically valid <ref type="bibr" coords="9,103.06,86.10,61.36,7.53" target="#b3">(Birnbaum, 2004</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,164.42,86.10,89.94,7.53;9,36.85,96.53,66.34,7.53" target="#b21">, Gosling, Vazire, Srivastava, &amp; John, 2004</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,103.19,96.53,81.52,7.53" target="#b25">, Haworth et al., 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,184.72,96.53,69.16,7.53" target="#b28">, Kraut et al., 2004</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,253.88,96.53,4.16,7.53;9,36.85,107.02,119.84,7.53" target="#b35">, McGraw, Tew, &amp; Williams, 2000</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,156.69,107.02,76.77,7.53" target="#b52">, Wilmer et al., 2010</ref>, and of broad theoretical interest <ref type="bibr" coords="9,150.12,117.45,75.70,7.53" target="#b40">(Owen et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,229.44,117.45,28.63,7.53;9,36.85,127.94,42.55,7.53" target="#b52">Wilmer et al., 2010)</ref>. Still, it was not possible to ascertain and control for biases in self-selection in the current samples or to verify the accuracy of the information provided by participants. For example, it is likely that our sample was more interested in face recognition, memory, or cognitive ability than the average person recruited in a lab setting. Data we have collected on other, similar tests of memory (including the standard version of the Cambridge Face Memory Test) indicate that performance and reliability are comparable for internet-based and traditional lab-based samples <ref type="bibr" coords="9,238.21,222.10,15.89,7.53;9,36.85,232.53,60.52,7.53" target="#b52">(Wilmer et al., 2010)</ref>. Internet testing ultimately allowed us to collect data from a very large and diverse sample that would not have been practically feasible in a traditional lab setting.</p><p>One major limitation of the current study is our reliance on cross-sectional data. Although we have interpreted our findings as reflective of underlying developmental and aging processes, we cannot conclude with certainty that our findings are due to developmental changes as opposed to cohort effects <ref type="bibr" coords="9,103.35,326.70,52.30,7.53" target="#b44">(Schaie, 1965)</ref>. A longitudinal investigation of face learning ability over time would be needed to exclude this possibility.</p><p>Although effect sizes over the range 12-20 years were of reasonable size and equivalent to aging effects in our sample (cohen's d = 0.61; see <ref type="table" coords="9,155.90,378.97,27.64,7.53">Table 1</ref>), effect sizes over the 20-30 years age range were small (cohen's d = 0.21). Thus, it remains to be seen whether gains over the interval from 20 to 30 years of age are related to differences in everyday face recognition in the real world.</p><p>In these experiments, we did year-by-year sampling of a much larger age range than has previously been reported in studies of visual processing or recognition memory. This allowed us to look at face recognition memory at every age from early adolescence through late adulthood, and provided a window through which we observed developmental increases, age-related decline, and the point at which these two processes intersect. Studies employing behavioral methods frequently focus on either development or aging, with relatively arbitrary and truncated cut-offs for either process. This procedure means that informative and theoretically interesting variations that occur between the end of adolescence and late middle-age are inevitably obscured. Our data illustrate that meaningful changes can and do occur during early and middle adulthood and suggest a need for integration of research in cognitive development and aging.</p><p>Finally, our results have important implications for any research involving between-group measurements of cognitive abilities using college age or young adult populations. We typically assume that most cognitive abilities are stable over this age range typically included in undergraduate or college psychology participant pools. However, our data indicate that face recognition memory increases significantly during early adulthood, so that small differences in age could account for modest between-group differences. Although the current experiments focused on face recognition memory, it is possible that many other perceptual, mnemonic, and cognitive abilities may also show significant changes over this age range. Our results highlight the critical importance of accounting for age-related performance differences even in college-based or young adult populations.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="1,36.85,674.95,218.39,6.13;1,36.85,683.57,109.16,6.03;1,41.10,612.14,3.98,3.06;1,48.47,613.32,209.55,6.03;1,36.85,621.88,19.15,6.03"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>0010-0277/$ -see front matter Ó 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. doi:10.1016/j.cognition.2010.11.002 q Author contributions: LG, BD, and KN conceived and designed the study;</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="3,36.85,666.39,466.27,6.03;3,36.85,674.95,466.28,6.03;3,36.85,683.51,186.23,6.03"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Face images from Experiments 1 and 3. (a) Stimuli from Cambridge Face Memory Test (v.2; Experiment 1) including study images (top), a test item with novel target image (middle), and a test item with a novel target image and noise (bottom). (b) Stimuli from Experiment 3: upright adult face (top), upright child face (middle), and inverted child face (bottom).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="3,281.93,306.33,221.18,6.03;3,281.93,314.89,221.18,6.03;3,281.93,323.45,221.14,6.03;3,281.93,332.01,221.18,6.03;3,281.93,340.57,221.18,6.03;3,281.93,349.13,24.57,6.03"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Fig. 2. Number and sex of participants at each age. The height of each bar represents the total number of participants at each year of age. Number of females per year of age is shown in dark gray with number of males shown in light gray. The smallest age bins were at age 70 for Experiment 1 (n = 26), age 12 for Experiment 2 (n = 33), and age 12 for Experiment 3 (n = 12).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="4,41.16,657.83,466.25,6.03;4,41.16,666.39,466.22,6.03;4,41.16,674.95,466.24,6.03;4,41.16,683.51,103.08,6.03"><head>Fig. 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Peak estimation -Cambridge Face Memory Test (v.2). (a) Performance on the Cambridge Face Memory Test in terms of percent correct, averaged by age of participants. (b) A log transformed bootstrapped sample, averaged by age. Peak performance for each bootstrapped sample was estimated by finding the peak of the best-fit quadratic function to the transformed sample. (c) Mean and standard error of age of peak performance based on bootstrap resampling and curve-fit analysis.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="6,41.16,657.83,466.23,6.03;6,41.16,666.39,466.24,6.03;6,41.16,674.95,466.23,6.03;6,41.16,683.51,201.07,6.03"><head>Fig. 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Ages of peak performance in old/new faces and names tests (Experiment 2). (a) Mean and standard error for age of peak performance based on bootstrap resampling and curve-fitting of recognition memory performance across the lifespan for unfamiliar faces and names (Experiment 2). Error bars show ± one standard error. (b) Performance on the name recognition test in terms of proportion correct, averaged by age of participants. (c) Proportion correct on the old/new faces test, averaged by age of participants.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="7,36.85,657.83,466.27,6.03;7,36.85,666.39,466.26,6.03;7,36.85,674.95,466.28,6.03;7,36.85,683.51,432.38,6.03"><head>Fig. 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Ages of peak performance for recognition of upright and inverted faces of different ages (Experiment 3). (a) Mean and standard error for age of peak performance based on bootstrap resampling and curve-fitting of recognition memory performance across the lifespan for upright adult faces, upright child faces, and inverted child faces (Experiment 3). Error bars show ± one standard error. (b) Performance on the upright adult and upright child faces tests in terms of proportion correct, averaged by age of participants. (c) Proportion correct on the inverted faces test, averaged by age of participants.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6" coords="8,41.16,224.07,221.16,6.03;8,41.16,232.63,221.13,6.03;8,41.16,241.19,221.14,6.03;8,41.16,249.75,221.14,6.03;8,41.16,258.31,221.15,6.03;8,41.16,266.87,221.14,6.03;8,41.16,275.49,17.91,6.03"><head>Fig. 6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Increases in the cost of face inversion on recognition performance with age. Shown are differences in proportion correct for upright (average performance with adult and child faces) versus inverted faces, averaged across 6 year age intervals from 12 to 65 years old. Bars show standard error for each interval. For comparison, average performance at each year of age for upright and inverted face recognition are shown separately inFig. 5.</figDesc></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgements</head><p>We thank Anne Grossetete for assistance with data analysis. Funding was provided by an NSF Graduate Research Fellowship to LG and an Economic and Social Research Council grant to BD.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,245.16,221.17,6.03;9,293.90,253.15,209.22,6.03;9,293.90,261.09,209.20,6.03;9,293.90,269.08,28.22,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brain activation during face perception: Evidence of a developmental change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Aylward</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Field</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Parsons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Richards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="308" to="319" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,277.08,221.15,6.03;9,293.90,285.01,209.21,6.03;9,293.90,293.01,91.19,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Doors and People: A test of visual and verbal recall and recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Baddeley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Emslie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Nimmo-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Thames Valley Test Company</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Bury St. Edmunds, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,300.94,221.13,6.03;9,293.90,308.94,209.19,6.03;9,293.90,316.93,175.35,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development of the adolescent brain: Implications for executive function and social cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S.-J</forename><surname>Blakemore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Choudhury</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="296" to="312" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,324.87,221.17,6.03;9,293.90,332.86,155.21,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human research and data collection via the internet</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Birnbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="803" to="832" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,340.80,221.17,6.03;9,293.89,348.79,160.55,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From piecemeal to configurational representation of faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Carey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Diamond</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">195</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4275</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="312" to="314" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,356.79,221.16,6.03;9,293.89,364.72,209.21,6.03;9,293.89,372.72,47.79,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development of face recognition: A maturational component?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Carey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Diamond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Woods</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="269" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,380.65,221.18,6.03;9,293.89,388.65,82.93,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Abilities: Their structure growth, and action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Cattell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<pubPlace>Oxford England; Houghton Mifflin</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,396.58,221.16,6.03;9,293.89,404.58,209.20,6.03;9,293.89,412.57,70.30,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An ERP study of famous face incongruity detection in middle age</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Chaby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Jemel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Renault</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Fiori</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="357" to="377" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,420.51,221.15,6.03;9,293.89,428.50,188.44,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changes in face recognition memory across the adult life span</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Crook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Larrabee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Gerontology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="138" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,436.44,221.18,6.03;9,293.89,444.43,209.19,6.03;9,293.89,452.43,105.56,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early maturity of face recognition: No childhood development of holistic processing, novel face encoding, or face-space</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Crookes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Mckone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="219" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,460.36,221.17,6.03;9,293.89,468.36,209.22,6.03;9,293.89,476.29,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic influences on the development of spatial skills during early adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Diamond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Carey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Back</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="167" to="185" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,484.29,221.15,6.03;9,293.89,492.22,209.17,6.03;9,293.89,500.22,89.35,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dissociations of face and object recognition in developmental prosopagnosia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="261" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,508.21,221.17,6.03;9,293.89,516.15,209.19,6.03;9,293.89,524.14,209.18,6.03;9,293.89,532.08,102.61,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Cambridge face memory test: Results for neurologically intact individuals and an investigation of its validity using inverted face stimuli and prosopagnosic participants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="576" to="585" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,540.07,221.15,6.03;9,293.89,548.07,209.21,6.03;9,293.89,556.00,209.18,6.03;9,293.89,564.00,129.71,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prosopagnosia as an impairment to face-specific mechanisms: Elimination of the alternative hypotheses in a developmental case</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Yovel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Butterworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="714" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,571.93,221.17,6.03;9,293.89,579.93,209.21,6.03;9,293.89,587.86,209.18,6.03;9,293.89,595.86,129.71,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prosopagnosia as an impairment to face-specific mechanisms: Elimination of the alternative hypotheses in a developmental case</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Yovel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Butterworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="714" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,603.85,221.16,6.03;9,293.89,611.79,99.29,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An Introduction to the Bootstrap</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Efron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tibshirani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<publisher>Chapman &amp; Hall/CRC</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boca Raton, FL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,619.78,221.17,6.03;9,293.89,627.72,128.46,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Age effects in children&apos;s memory for unfamiliar faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Flin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="374" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,635.71,221.19,6.03;9,293.89,643.70,209.20,6.03;9,293.89,651.64,28.22,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Face detection in normal and prosopagnosic individuals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Garrido</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="140" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,281.93,659.63,221.14,6.03;9,293.89,667.57,209.22,6.03;9,293.89,675.57,209.21,6.03;9,293.89,683.56,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brain development during childhood and adolescence. A longitudinal MRI study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Giedd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Blumenthal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Jeffries</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Castellanos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Zijdenbos</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="861" to="863" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,54.73,221.18,6.03;10,53.12,62.66,209.18,6.03;10,53.12,70.66,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,78.60,125.95,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dynamic mapping of human cortical development during childhood through early adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Gogtay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Giedd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lusk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hayashi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Greenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Vaituzis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8174" to="8179" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,86.59,221.14,6.03;10,53.12,94.58,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,102.52,209.21,6.03;10,53.12,110.51,140.48,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differential development of highlevel visual cortex correlates with category-specific recognition memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Golarai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Ghahremani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Whitfield-Gabrieli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Reiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Eberhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D E</forename><surname>Gabrieli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="512" to="522" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,118.45,221.16,6.03;10,53.12,126.44,174.35,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Should we trust web-based studies?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Gosling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Vazire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Srivastava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,134.44,221.17,6.03;10,53.12,142.37,209.22,6.03;10,53.12,150.37,201.31,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Agerelated changes in the neural correlates of degraded and nondegraded face processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Grady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mcintosh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Horwitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Rapoport</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="186" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,158.30,221.16,6.03;10,53.12,166.30,209.17,6.03;10,53.12,174.23,103.97,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Developmental neuroimaging of the human ventral visual cortex</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Grill-Spector</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Golarai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gabrieli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="152" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,182.23,221.18,6.03;10,53.12,190.22,209.17,6.03;10,53.12,198.16,164.05,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Normal and abnormal face selectivity of the M170 response in developmental prosopagnosics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2125" to="2136" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,206.15,221.16,6.03;10,53.12,214.09,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,222.08,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,230.08,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Internet cognitive testing of large samples needed in genetic research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Haworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Harlaar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Kovas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Oliver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hayiou-Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Twin Research and Human Genetics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="554" to="563" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,238.01,221.16,6.03;10,53.12,246.01,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,253.94,20.51,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Developmental topographical disorientation: Case one</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Iaria</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Bogod</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Fox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J S</forename><surname>Barton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,261.94,221.16,6.03;10,53.12,269.87,209.22,6.03;10,53.12,277.87,113.99,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Face inversion and contrast-reversal effects across development: In contrast to the expertise theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Itier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="246" to="260" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,285.86,221.15,6.03;10,53.12,293.80,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,301.79,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,309.73,86.44,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Psychological research online: Report of board of scientific affairs&apos; advisory group on the conduct of research on the internet</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kraut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Olson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Banaji</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bruckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Couper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,317.72,221.15,6.03;10,53.12,325.72,209.21,6.03;10,53.12,333.65,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,341.65,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do all kids look alike? Evidence for an other-age effect in adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kuefner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Macchi Cassia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Picozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bricolo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="811" to="817" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,349.58,221.15,6.03;10,53.12,357.58,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,365.51,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,373.51,209.21,6.03;10,53.12,381.50,148.89,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changing abilities in recognition of unfamiliar face photographs through childhood and adolescence. Performance on a test of non-verbal immediate memory (Warrington RMF) from 6 to 16 years</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Lawrence</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Pearson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Mandy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Skuse</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,389.44,221.14,6.03;10,53.12,397.43,209.20,6.03;10,53.12,405.37,209.16,6.03;10,53.12,413.36,72.34,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transformations in the couplings among intellectual abilities and constituent cognitive processes across the life span</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Lindenberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hommel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Aschersleben</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Prinz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Baltes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="163" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,421.36,221.17,6.03;10,53.12,429.29,209.22,6.03;10,53.12,437.29,209.18,6.03;10,53.12,445.22,47.79,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Studies of brain and cognitive maturation through childhood and adolescence. A strategy for testing neurodevelopmental hypotheses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Luna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sweeney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Schizophrenia Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="443" to="455" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,453.22,221.17,6.03;10,53.12,461.15,209.19,6.03;10,53.12,469.15,135.04,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stimulus properties, attentional limitations, and young children&apos;s face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lundy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Haaf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perceptual and Motor Skills</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="919" to="929" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,41.16,477.14,221.18,6.03;10,53.12,485.08,209.22,6.03;10,53.12,493.07,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Linear and nonlinear effects of aging on categorizing and naming faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Maylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Valentine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology and Aging</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="317" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,54.72,221.16,6.03;10,298.20,62.66,209.16,6.03;10,298.20,70.65,47.65,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The integrity of webdelivered experiments: Can you trust the data?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Mcgraw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Tew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="502" to="506" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,78.59,221.18,6.03;10,298.20,86.58,209.21,6.03;10,298.20,94.57,140.03,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sensitivity of 4-year-olds to featural and second-order relational changes in face distinctiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Mckone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Boyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Child Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="134" to="162" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,102.51,221.19,6.03;10,298.20,110.50,209.19,6.03;10,298.20,118.44,180.44,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cognitive and neural development of face recognition in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Mckone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Crookes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kanwisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The cognitive neurosciences</title>
		<editor>M. S. Gazzaniga</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,126.43,221.17,6.03;10,298.20,134.43,209.18,6.03;10,298.21,142.38,135.10,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thirty years of investigating the own-race bias in memory for faces: A meta-analytic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Meissner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Brigham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology, Public Policy and Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,150.37,221.16,6.03;10,298.20,158.31,116.54,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Becoming a Face Expert</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mondloch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Maurer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ahola</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="930" to="934" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,166.30,221.17,6.03;10,298.20,174.24,209.21,6.03;10,298.21,182.23,16.83,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Putting brain training to the test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Owen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Hampshire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Grahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Stenton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Burns</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">464</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7293</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1111</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,190.22,221.13,6.03;10,298.21,198.16,209.23,6.03;10,298.21,206.15,150.94,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The development of face and location processing: An fMRI study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Passarotti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Paul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bussiere</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Buxton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stiles</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="100" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,214.09,221.14,6.03;10,298.20,222.08,183.80,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mapping brain maturation and cognitive development during adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Paus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,230.08,221.14,6.03;10,298.20,238.01,209.20,6.03;10,298.20,246.01,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decomposing adult age differences in working memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Salthouse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Babcock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="763" to="776" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,253.95,221.13,6.03;10,298.20,261.94,142.15,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A general model for the study of developmental problems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Schaie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="92" to="107" />
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,269.88,221.17,6.03;10,298.20,277.87,209.20,6.03;10,298.20,285.86,209.21,6.03;10,298.20,293.80,30.60,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Visual category-selectivity for faces, places and objects emerges along different developmental trajectories</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Scherf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Behrmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Humphreys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Luna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,301.79,221.15,6.03;10,298.20,309.73,134.13,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Meta-analysis of facial identification studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Penrod</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="156" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,317.72,221.15,6.03;10,298.20,325.72,209.22,6.03;10,298.20,333.65,137.12,6.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mapping cortical change across the human life span</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sowell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Welcome</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Henkenius</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Toga</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="315" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,341.65,221.16,6.03;10,298.20,349.58,209.21,6.03;10,298.20,357.58,209.15,6.03;10,298.20,365.52,184.23,6.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The fusiform face area is not sufficient for face recognition: Evidence from a patient with dense prosopagnosia and no occipital face area</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K E</forename><surname>Steeves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Culham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pratesi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Valyear</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Schindler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="594" to="609" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,373.51,221.14,6.03;10,298.20,381.50,113.95,6.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tests for comparing elements of a correlation matrix</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Steiger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="245" to="251" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,389.44,221.15,6.03;10,298.20,397.43,209.17,6.03;10,298.20,405.37,96.92,6.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The faces of development: A review of early face processing over childhood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Batty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Itier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1426" to="1442" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,413.36,221.15,6.03;10,298.20,421.36,209.21,6.03;10,298.20,429.29,209.20,6.03;10,298.20,437.29,184.93,6.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reduction in white matter connectivity, revealed by diffusion tensor imaging, may account for age-related changes in face perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Moya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Avidan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Humphreys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jin</forename><surname>Jung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="268" to="284" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,445.22,221.18,6.03;10,298.20,453.22,209.22,6.03;10,298.20,461.15,209.16,6.03;10,298.20,469.15,62.85,6.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human face recognition ability is specific and highly heritable</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Wilmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Germine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Chabris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Chatterjee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Loken</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5238" to="5241" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,286.24,477.14,221.17,6.03;10,298.20,485.08,115.92,6.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The neural basis of the face inversion effect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Yovel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kanwisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2256" to="2262" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
