<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS: Political Competence and Distributional Bargaining in the European Union</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2013-07">July 2013</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Source: World Politics</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS: Political Competence and Distributional Bargaining in the European Union</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="452" to="490"/>
							<date type="published" when="2013-07">July 2013</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1017/S0043887113000129</idno>
					<note>Published by: Cambridge University Press Stable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/42002217 Accessed: 06-08-2019 19:46 UTC</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:16+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>THE balization received and wisdom domestic in international governance relations are profoundly research interdepen-is that glo-balization and domestic governance are profoundly interdependent. From the inside out, public opinion, political institutions, and political competition influence international negotiations, the content of trade agreements, and behavior in international crises. From the outside in, globalization influences domestic political alignments, foreign policies, and the patterns of democratization. Over time, these processes have invaded some of the most traditional areas of domestic politicsincluding electoral politics. International economic and political integration have changed electoral accountability and limited governments' ability to exploit monetary and fiscal policies for electoral gain. While some governments still seem capable of active electioneering on the domestic level, many more are forced to resort to new, passive, strategies such as timing elections according to the international business cycle.</p><p>Given that international integration has increasingly penetrated public life, it seems unlikely that governments would only react passively to these processes when conducting electoral politics. The fol-lowing example illustrates that governmen international negotiations to affect public o before the British general elections, the Eur posed to eliminate the UK budget rebate that two-thirds of the amount by which its pay Union (EU) exceeded its receipts. According UK rebate was no longer justified. The Britis rest of the year assuring the British public it future financing that did not protect the rebat a compromise from the French on the reform tural Policies to be absolutely necessary for any the rebate. It also procured a deal with other E which those issues would not be discussed be ish elections, as had been originally planned debate until after the election. When the Fr the deal and announced its backing of the Co in 2005, before the British elections, the Britis mediately responded in a BBC interview that P statement was incorrect and that the reasons fo adding that the UK would vehemently defen position to the rebate and, if necessary, would legislation to eliminate the policy. Neverthel the election Prime Minister Tony Blair agreed €10.5 billion without obtaining concessions reform of the Common Agricultural Policies gela Merkel had brokered the deal and was ha for her extraordinary bargaining success. This standoff between France and the UK, but als Germany's net contributions to the EU by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,439.75,476.39,30.79,8.76">€30</ref> This episode presents just one way among m bers have either used negotiations at the Eu toward gathering political support at home with potentially bad outcomes until after an Europeanization of policies in areas that affe Europeanized electoral politics. This article p empirical analysis of how governments use in the European Unions Council of Minister cycles in distributional bargaining. These cy ments in a preelection period increase their me the EU above average levels in order to appear their voters. That is, governments believe th well they perform in EU negot have distributional consequenc in distributional bargaining a norm as well as the reciprocal Ministers. EU members can exp preferences in the decision-m electoral distress.</p><p>To test the theoretical hypoth bargaining over the common E five EU member countries from budget has been at the heart of pean Union because it is partic the same time, it is a hard test butional bargaining occurs for (where EU member states outl five years). The annual budget l litical negotiations amongst th model with an unbalanced pan tance of elections for the dis members on average receive lar election than in other years, par Various robustness checks demo over alternative operationaliza variables and over specification tion-timing in EU member co The findings demonstrate th least in the EU. Incumbents ac an attempt to garner domesti sources distributed or by explo ropean level. The resulting cycl ly problematic because they cou governance by triggering inef While this article focuses on the conditions that make thes other international institutions governments could also be try ance from the World Bank, bet Caribbean Pacific-European U lending conditions from the I sequently, on a more general le a globalization of electoral pol Politicians are opportunistic. They choose policies that help them sur vive in office. A positive assessment of a government s economic per formance is particularly important when voters choose whom to vot for in an election. Accordingly, incumbents stimulate monetary and fis cal policies in order to raise voter welfare immediately before elections in the expectation that favorable economic conditions will cause voters to increase their support for them.1 Governments can expand fiscal policies before elections and contract them afterward. The underlying logic is that voters observe how well the government converts revenues into public goods and form expectations about its economic performance. Since not all incumbent are equally competent in their ability to provide this preelectoral in crease in public goods, they have incentives to exert hidden effort. Tha is, incumbents increase deficits covertly before elections to finance the larger provision of public goods hoping that the electorate will attri bute the increased provision of those goods to their performance. Since governments can signal economic competence only if voters do no observe the increase in the deficit before the election, much research has gone into analyzing the conditions under which governments can overtly use deficits to affect public goods provision before elections The findings of recent work paint a rather bleak picture of incumbents opportunities to induce electoral cycles in fiscal policies. In particular, electoral cycles are not likely when fiscal transparency is high.2 Thi could be bad news particularly for EU-member governments becaus their incentives to signal competence have dramatically increased du to the general weakening of voters' identification with West European political parties over the past decades.3 Besides its negative impact on opportunities to induce electoral cycles in deficit spending, European integration has had another po tentially important impact on domestic electoral politics. Increasing integration and interdependence in the EU have increased the impac of European-level negotiations on domestic public welfare in Europe Consequently, questions of European integration have become contested issues in national elections.4 This is particularly true for issue <ref type="bibr" coords="5,86.19,594.74,58.58,6.14">1 Franzese 2002</ref> provides an excellent overview of the literature. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,86.04,603.68,158.16,6.57">2 Hallerberg, de Souza, and Clark 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,247.45,603.68,103.47,6.57" target="#b4">Brender and Drazen 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,354.16,603.68,82.23,6.57" target="#b3">Alt and Lassen 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,439.64,603.68,29.76,6.57;5,73.68,610.99,42.67,5.90" target="#b42">Shi and Svensson 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,116.35,610.99,3.13,5.90;5,85.48,621.52,87.96,6.29">. 3 Kayser and Wlezien 2011</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,173.45,621.52,3.34,6.29;5,85.61,629.84,98.39,6.57">. 4 Franklin and Wlezien 1997</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,190.29,629.84,39.06,6.57" target="#b15">Gable 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,232.16,629.84,46.86,6.57" target="#b46">Tillman 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,281.83,629.84,43.96,6.57" target="#b41">Schoen 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,328.59,629.84,48.90,6.57" target="#b8">de Vries 2010.</ref> that are salient on the domestic EU budget, and EU institutional An example of this is the Ger bailout for Greece. In April 201 quested a bailout package from quired Germany to pay €8.4 bi cash loans by May 19, 2010, wh the bailout package. Even thoug bers agreed to the bailout, Ger deal officially.5 The biggest stu was the regional election in Nord May 9, 2010. At the time, the fe Democratic Union's (CDU) Merkel nrw. The elections there were im jorities in the Bundesrat. An elec nrw would have led to a loss of t leading to a divided government) the decision-making ability of th dicated a close race with a small opinion poll experts predicted strong impact on the voters' ch the Greek bailout, particularly in that were necessary to meet fis In nrw, which had become one many, public opposition to the negative electoral effects, Merke Greek bailout until after the reg tically as the "Iron Chancellor, of the EU. Her actions were har in non-EU countries, and dome ated by her tactic led to an almo the Greek debt. This worsened the Greek situation and increased the threat of regional crisis contagion and thereby endangered the stabil- <ref type="bibr" coords="7,148.08,85.57,249.39,6.67">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 457</ref> ity of the euro itself.9 Under this pressure, Me bailout a few weeks before the NRW elections.10 The bailout and the federal government s poor negotiation results became the most important topic in the election campaigns.11 Despite early positive predictions, the CDU lost ten percentage points; it the worse electoral defeat of the CDU in NRW to date. The government was eventually replaced by a coalition of Social Democrats and Greens.12 While the electoral defeat cannot be solely attributed to the federal government s handling of the Greek problem, the government s actions played a pivotal role in the week prior to the election. The theory builds on the assumption that the incumbent wants to b reelected and she believes that voters care about their welfare. As discussed above, even when voters care only about their domestic ec nomic welfare, many distributional issues that affect it are currently decided at the European level. It is because of this that distribution negotiations in the EU have become more salient in domestic public opinion and that domestic factions have partially Europeanized a well.15 Accordingly, I assume that the incumbent believes that vote also care about her political competence, that is, how well she bargains in European distributional negotiations.16 Political competence is th ability of a government to achieve better outcomes in the Council o Ministers' negotiations given the country's formal eligibility and bargaining leverage in the decision-making process. Governments can signal political competence to voters, for example, by publicly announcing that they received an unusually good deal during negotiations abou issues that are important on the domestic level.</p><p>But how can EU governments achieve outcomes in EU negotiation that are above the benefits they would receive given their formal eligibility? Most issues in the EU are officially decided by majority rule, but unofficially, bargaining in the Council is attached to a very strong norm of consensus.17 The necessity to reach consensus in Council n <ref type="bibr" coords="8,87.82,531.05,81.65,6.95">14 Moravcsik 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,172.93,531.05,131.36,6.95" target="#b40">Schneider and Cederman 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,307.75,531.05,88.97,6.95" target="#b23">Hug and König 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,400.18,531.05,72.42,6.95;8,75.32,540.37,20.63,6.67" target="#b26">König and Slapin 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,99.26,540.37,84.98,6.67" target="#b45">Thomson et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,187.56,540.37,48.40,6.67" target="#b43">Slapin 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,239.28,540.37,60.00,6.67" target="#b38">Schneider 2011</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,299.28,540.37,4.13,6.67;8,87.49,548.80,43.80,6.29">. 15 Hix 1998</ref>. See also empirical examples and the literature cited above.</p><p>16 The theoretical predictions do not depend on the more restrictive assumption that voters car about international deals. One should observe the predicted effect as long as the incumben believes that these deals could have an electoral effect. If there is at least some uncertainty abo the electoral saliency of a policy issue then incumbents would have strong incentives to induce electoral cycle because the nonexistence of a cycle would be a signal of incompetence (see below The empirical analysis directly tests the assumption. If voters did not care (or if incumbents did n believe that these issues are salient on the domestic level) then one would expect no electoral cycles distributional bargaining. gotiations has important implications for th to increase their membership benefits befor consensual rules increase opportunities for EU preferences even against the preferences of all members of the Council have to agree on (that is, how the budget will be allocated), they into account the preferences of each individu ularly if those preferences are salient. EU m elections can increase their leverage in Cou of their electoral constraints at the domesti survival depends on their ability to get a b negotiations, they can credibly threaten to sta negotiated policy reflects their needs better.18 elections at home provides the government Council negotiations. These members can bar tion periods to get better deals in the distribu Electoral cycles in distributional negotiati purely a result of noncooperative bargaining, h tween EU members in the Council is frequen vides ample room for reciprocal arrangements of electoral cycles in distributional bargainin other EU members can expect that an incumbe in the future when their own political future is more likely to forgo some benefits in order to that is in trouble electorally. In fact, the litera evidence for cooperative strategies that are bas members seek compromise when negotiating. J "there is a value in reaching agreement, in coll and understanding each other s domestic pol example, a deputy of one of the large Member a higher sense of defending national interest structions, which is rooted in preserving the g for the future. Without this, I wont have thei 18 Delaying negotiations to get better deals is common prac frequently delayed EU accession negotiations in order to get bett is true for institutional reforms and EU budget negotiations. T delayed because the opponents of agricultural subsidies blocked ti then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher delayed budget negotiati in order to get the UK rebate. Similarly, Germany's then-Chan Gerhard Schröder delayed budget negotiations in the late 1990s in before the national elections. Thus far I have assumed that the consensus norm grants equal power to all EU members but favors those with intense preferences. Since all members have to agree on the common policy, more powerful countries (in terms of formal voting power) should not be able to assert themselves even if they achieve the formal majority requirements. Informally, however, powerful states may have an advantage at the bargaining table. The capacity to exploit loopholes during EU negotiations should be much greater for countries with more resources at their disposal. Powerful member states have the resources to coax other countries into accepting bargains favorable to them and find it easier to create supporting coalitions. In addition, they tend to have found out that it is being pr the surface. Even worse, they for trying to deceive them. can only work if voters cann havior between EU members. negotiations, which are quite other European institutions s media, EU governments tend that are mainly characterized b trast this tendency with the p that emerges from statement Council:</p><p>The Council normally works throug in the course of which its membe tions and positions. If agreement is upon to move from those positions national instructions on a particular adoption of Community legislation, constantly mindful of the fact that in Council minutes, could at any tim access to these documents, independ  <ref type="bibr" coords="12,86.49,568.39,7.53,5.90">23</ref> Even if negotiations were secret, it would be relatively easy to observe that better deals are a consequence of reciprocal bargaining if governments would always receive better deals in the preelection year (if not observed by individual voters, then certainly by the media). Since receiving better deals on a regular basis would decrease the gains from reciprocity, governments would strive to obfuscate any regular patterns: if they do strike deals they would do so in a manner that would make it difficult to discern a pattern. The fact that EU members are more likely to get a better deal if they are in electoral distress or have greater bargaining leverage in general provides additional uncertainty.</p><p>24 Nevertheless, the room to maneuver in tho smaller than in multiannual negotiations. EU penditure within and even across spending c foreseen changes in expenditures," but annua the overall expenditure ceiling set in the finan sequently, if electoral cycles are found in an then they should also be found in distributio more generally.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Variables</head><p>EU governments appear politically competent if they increase their EU budget receipts before elections (Hypothesis 1). I refer above to a baseline level of benefit obtained in the negotiations, and use it as the reference to define the "better" outcomes that competent governments can obtain. In a way, using such reference points might place extremely heavy demands on a voter's ability to gauge her government's perfor- <ref type="bibr" coords="15,86.50,594.56,60.71,6.57">33 Mclver 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,150.31,594.56,64.88,6.57" target="#b28">Le Cacheux 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,218.29,594.56,44.47,6.57" target="#b27">Laffan 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,262.76,594.56,3.86,6.57;15,86.67,604.33,66.29,6.67">. 34 Carrubba 1997</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,160.03,604.33,51.44,6.67" target="#b36">Rodden 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,214.62,604.33,50.51,6.67" target="#b31">Mattila 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,268.27,604.33,95.98,6.67" target="#b2">Aksoy and Rodden 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,367.40,604.33,47.31,6.67" target="#b1">Aksoy 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,417.86,604.33,38.15,6.67;15,73.83,611.97,12.07,5.52" target="#b38">Schneider 2011</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,86.09,622.60,47.10,6.11">35 Aksoy 2010</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,133.18,622.60,3.34,6.11;15,85.97,629.83,74.46,5.90">. 36 EU Commission 1999</ref> mance in intricate negotiatio the complex interaction at th impenetrable formal rules. Gi information, it is unreasonabl do so. An alternative questio get a deal at least as good as both deals are observable, the competence. This logic reflect negotiating the budget, EU g torate that they are negotiat argued above.</p><p>The appropriate dependent variable is therefore the budget share: did the government obtain a larger share relative to the rest or not?</p><p>Total Budget Shares measures each EU member s annual budget receipts as a share of overall annual EU budget commitments. All budget data are from the annual reports of the European Court of Auditors. This operationalization has the added benefit of allowing me to distinguish between agricultural and structural transfers. All budget decisions are negotiated between the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers and are based on a Commission proposal, but the relative power of these actors differs depending on whether they negotiate structural transfers or agricultural subsidies. Whereas the Council has the final word on all decisions about compulsory spending (covering all expenditures resulting from international agreements and EU treaties such as agricultural subsidies through the eaggf), the Parliament has the final word on noncompulsory decisions (such as structural transfers through the erdf/esf). The Council is therefore more constrained when it comes to opportunistic distribution of noncompulsory spending. In addition, since erdf/esf transfers are allocated on a project-level basis, states are more restricted in their annual negotiations to move around already stipulated funds. I would therefore expect that the effect of the preelection period on EU budget receipts is stronger in EAGGF transfers than in erdf/esf transfers. <ref type="figure" coords="16,87.27,539.53,36.44,9.23">Figure 1</ref> presents a scatter plot of budget receipts for EU member countries over time. It shows considerable variation in the budget shares that each member extracts from the EU budget. According to EU law, this variation should mainly depend on each member's eligibility as determined in the common policies. <ref type="figure" coords="16,237.34,591.37,36.44,9.23">Figure 2</ref> compares EU budget receipts for Spain, a very eligible country, with the receipts for the Netherlands, a much less eligible country. The Dutch GDP per capita has been consistently higher than the EU average, while its unemployment rates and the size of its agricultural sector have been below the EU The graphs lend support to the claim that the EU budget is primarily allocated according to formal eligibility criteria. percent of the average GDP in the EU (P Agricultural subsidies are distributed to fa on the total size of the agricultural sector. Em natural logarithm of the total number, in mi agricultural sector. The data are from Euro Euroskepticism could improve a members budget game. Domestic EU Support is meas citizens who believe that "EC/EU member nus the percentage of those who believe t is a bad thing." The data are from the Eur states typically receive relatively low budget of membership because they do not yet posse pacity to absorb all funds, and are yet not themselves in the bargaining process. The v takes a value of 1 for all new members until 0 otherwise. Finally, I control for the size the step-wise increase in the sample size and on redistribution of a budget that has not the number of member states. Descriptive <ref type="table" coords="19,78.46,354.12,56.35,8.57" target="#tab_5">Table 1</ref>. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Model Specification</head><p>The time-series cross-sectional nature of the data raises concerns of panel heteroskedasticity and serial correlation. I estimate an unbalanced panel model with fixed effects. The fixed-effects estimator controls for unobserved country heterogeneity that is constant over time. This procedure is warranted because the time-independent country effects are significant in the regression and the results of the Hausman test suggest that alternatives would render the coefficients inconsistent and biased. The model testing Hypothesis 1 is specified as Y.-a^pP^rX^v^u,, <ref type="formula" coords="20,371.06,241.28,26.36,12.57">(1)</ref> where Y.; denotes the share of budget receipts fo is the dummy variable for the preelection year, planatory and control variables, a is the constant and u. is the error term. The coefficients for P.   The findings in models 1 and 2 provide of an electoral cycle in EU budget nego average budget share grows by 0.11 perc the effect is statistically significant. As ex els 2 and 3 show that the budget cycle is than in erdf/esf transfers. Turning to the control variables, the size of significantly increases the share of budget rece EAGGF subsidies for farmers, and countries wi rates are also more likely to receive larger bud formal voting power significantly increases shares. New member states receive lower bud years in the EU. The effect of income across budget item. Model 3, which is restricted to er the expected negative relationship. Models 1 an budget shares and EAGGF shares, reveal a posit likely due to the fact that income is most im gibility of structural transfers through the er richer countries are not constrained by formal national income and can therefore use their res tions in their favor. Finally, budget shares hav not significantly so.</p><p>In addition, the theory predicts that electoral likely if governments are in electoral distress o capacity. To test Hypotheses 2 and 3, 1 estim (model 1) with interaction effects. The inter interpreted directly from the regression table presented graphically in Figures 3-6 (full est able from the author). In these, the »-axis depi the independent variables (actual sample values) the marginal preelection effect. The solid line fect together with its 90 percent confidence in Figures 3-5 support Hypothesis 2. In line w pectations, <ref type="figure" coords="23,173.88,485.15,68.53,8.76">Figure 3</ref> shows that high unemploy budget shares in the preelection year. Unem percent (90th percentile in the sample) lead ESF and EAGGF transfer shares by over 0.28 pe respectively.45 The preelection effect under hi is almost three times as big as the uncondition significantly decline with lower unemployme in international cooperation are not likely if u the EU median. <ref type="bibr" coords="23,86.64,619.27,6.93,5.90">45</ref> The fact that the conditional effect is insignificant for unemployment rates above 16.5 percent is most likely due to the fact that there are only very few observations in that sample range.   <ref type="figure" coords="25,90.31,134.82,73.10,9.33">Figure 5</ref> shows that an incumbent obtains the year before the election when a sufficientl ulation is still undecided (the increase in bud when more than 10 percent of respondents und cided and more than 14 percent of respondents undecided). If more than 29 percent of respond (90th percentile in the sample), then preelec by over 0.2 percent in both funds. The incumb opportunistic politics is weaker when most vot who they will vote for. Political competition is condition for electoral cycles in EU budget bar cycles in the EU only exist if governments fac <ref type="figure" coords="25,90.44,292.37,71.95,9.18">Figure 6</ref> provides support for Hypothesis 3 member states attempt to increase their budge tion year, only relatively powerful member st so. The effect is significant at least at the 10 p power is above median levels (5.7 percent) an eaggf than for the erdf/esf.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Robustness And Extensions</head><p>The findings strongly support the existence of electoral cycles in EU budget negotiations across different specifications of the main model. However, empirical results are often fragile to model specification choices. I next present the findings of several robustness checks. Tables 3-6 depict only unconditional results due to space constraints and because they are the most conservative estimates. The results for the conditional electoral cycles are generally stronger (and are available from the author).</p><p>First, I check for the possibility that elections are endogenous to the budget allocations. Instead of generating electoral cycles, which might be economically and politically costly, governments could just wait until they receive large EU transfers and then call an election. I implement the Hausman specification test to check whether there exists a two-way reciprocal causality between redistribution of membership gains and the timing of elections. I test whether the correlation between the residuals from the reduced-form regression (using the timing of elections as the dependent variable) and the error term of the main model is zero.</p><p>I estimate a logit model that regresses the dichotomous preelection variable on budget shares, a dummy variable for minority governments, Effect of Preelection on Budget Shares as Voting Power Changes and country fixed effects, which allow me to control for many countryspecific effects that are constant over time. I then incorporate the residuals from this reduced-form model into my baseline model and test whether the coefficient is significantly different from zero (which would imply simultaneity). <ref type="table" coords="26,223.89,599.83,36.88,9.15">Table 3</ref> shows that the coefficient for the residuals is not significantly different from zero. This means that the null hypothesis that there is no simultaneity cannot be rejected. <ref type="table" coords="27,222.20,104.76,29.08,7.71">Table 3</ref> Endogeneity of Elections It is therefore problems.</p><p>In addition, I analyze qualitatively all elections that occurred at least twelve months early in countries where the executive can de facto call early elections opportunistically (so-called premier timing).46 I find twenty-two early elections. Of these, only five were called early without any external reason such as the collapse of coalitions or a vote of no confidence. A summary of these elections is presented in <ref type="table" coords="27,313.67,605.99,27.24,8.76">Table 4</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="28,221.51,103.64,30.38,7.43">Table 4</ref> Early In addition, even though I focus on legislat budget negotiations are conducted by govern of Ministers of the European Union) and n (European Council), I analyze whether EU presidential elections by coding the depende tial elections where applicable. I also use a va years to an election instead of the preelectio whether budget shares decline in the postele I expect no decline since the EU cannot ind rather finances the increase in budget shares b efits across members. <ref type="table" coords="29,267.72,630.59,57.72,8.76">Table 5</ref> presents the resu a different operationalization of Preelection <ref type="table" coords="30,221.61,103.32,30.15,7.71">Table 5</ref> Preelection Effect Wald *2 5.47e+05** 7.71e+08** 1.37e+06** 7.062e+08 1.39e+06</p><p>Prais-Winsten regressions with country fixed effects; panel-corrected standard errors in parentheses two-tailed test: **p.05, *p&lt;0.1 line with the theoretical argument, the preelection effect is stronge when the elections are closer to the annual budget negotiations an payments. As expected, electoral cycles are not possible during presi dential elections (model 2) and there exists no run-up to the electio (model 3). Finally, there is no significant decline in budget shares i postelection years. <ref type="bibr" coords="31,147.71,85.23,248.60,6.29">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 481</ref> Third, I analyze whether the findings are r tive dependent variable and controlling for a Receipts is measured as the natural logarithm ceipts minus the natural logarithm of a coun in millions of constant <ref type="formula" coords="31,302.25,159.41,52.39,9.53">(2006)</ref>     Effect of Preelection on Budget Shares as Partisan</p><p>Differences Changes cil.49 The finding is in line with my theory that attributes the preelection increase in budget share to either reciprocity or hard bargaining tactics. It could be that the Council has been generally to the right of center, which could increase the willingness to cooperate with far-right governments. Alternatively, it could be that right governments use different (more effective) bargaining tactics than left governments. Future research could use this initial insight to explore this question. Fourth, I analyze whether the main findings are robust to alternative model specifications. Whereas the main model deals with panel dynamics by including country fixed effects as well as an Ar(1) process, here I use a lagged dependent variable (ldv). Since using fixed effects and an ldv most likely lead to a downward bias of the coefficient of the ldv, I also present the results of a system general methods of moments (gmm) estimator. The system gmm estimator restricts the correlation between the error term and all explanatory variables to zero and therefore deals with any possible bias from the inclusion of a LDV. <ref type="table" coords="33,89.20,601.02,38.15,9.33" target="#tab_14">Table 7</ref> shows that the findings are largely robust to using an ldv 49 Note that there is no significant increase in the preelection effect if the incumbents ideology moves further to the right of the Council. The empirical analysis provides ample evidence that EU governments have strong incentives to use Council negotiations in order to bargain for higher budget shares in the preelection period and signal political competence to their electorate. An interesting question is whether, and under what conditions, the theory is applicable to other international institutions as well. I now turn to the most important conditions that make these cycles possible and discuss how they relate to other international institutions.</p><p>First, international redistributive bargaining has to be salient at the domestic level. If voters cannot observe negotiation outcomes they will not take the government s performance in those negotiations into account when they decide whom to vote for in the next election. For example, project-based aid from the World Bank significantly and directly impacts the population and therefore tends to be highly salient. In the Philippines, mayors immediately put up huge billboards when they receive one of the Kapit-Bisig Laban sa Kahiripan-Comprehensive Integrated Delivery of Social Service (kalahi-cidss) grants -a flagship antipoverty program that is based on the principle of community-driven development -and citizens are well aware of whether their village receives a grant.50 Along similar lines, the big trade negotiation rounds of the World Trade Organization (wTo) have been highly salient on the domestic level. Many of the problems in the WTO s Uruguay and Doha rounds arose because powerful domestic interest groups in the United States and the EU lobbied against the liberalization of the ag-    In this article, I analyze the effect of domestic elections on distributional bargaining in the EU. I argue that the increasing economic and political integration of policies has led to an expansion of electoral politics onto the European level. As distributional negotiations in the EU have become more salient to domestic publics, governments have begun to exploit successes in Council negotiations for electoral advantage. The empirical analysis shows that European governments aim to increase their EU budget shares to improve their reelection perspectives. One of the main findings of the paper is that political integration has not only failed to eliminate opportunistic strategies on the domestic level, but that it has created new opportunities for governments to electioneer. On a more general level, these results show that governments actively exploit international processes in hope of achieve electoral gains at home. The results also explain why some scholars find that bargaining practices in international institutions are largely based on reciprocity while others find that governments' public announcements are largely based on considerations of national interest.</p><p>While this article provides a first step toward analyzing the globalization of electoral politics, more research is needed to address some of the remaining questions. For instance, the theory alludes to conditions under which governments should find themselves either in cooperative or noncooperative situations. The case I referred to in the opening section -when the French thrust into the spotl delaying negotiations on the British rebatenoncooperative situation. This move provoked tions in the UK, but, more importantly, the B ceeded in putting a lid on the issue until afte French were not undertaking an empty posture help the British government when the issue wa example) is clear: Jacques Chirac was no fan of T post-Iraq. By analyzing how ideological differen cycle, this article provides some support for th tion environment matters. Future research co results presented here to develop a theoretical m between cooperative vs. noncooperative bargai electoral cycle.</p><p>Another interesting question is whether ele butional bargaining are indeed successful in g support on the domestic level. While I assum the deals that governments can achieve in th they have distributional consequences on the viable explanation for governments' strategies lieve that these bargains have a positive effect o would surely be a signal of incompetence. Wher scholars have already found evidence that the future research could shed more light on the un nisms and provide more extensive tests on the e distributional bargaining on domestic public sup For example, the findings in this article allu saliency for an electoral cycle to occur.</p><p>The significance of my findings goes beyond e tributional bargaining. Most importantly, they democratic dilemma of international governance whether to increase transparency of internation have largely focused on the trade-off between d ity and the efficiency of negotiations. My fin efficiency can also have adverse effects. Recipro electoral cycles allows governments to pursue of citizens who cannot observe this behavior. Th when bargaining on the international level th ments to neglect efficient and welfare-enhan politically motivated ones.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="8,87.75,630.44,366.84,6.57;9,147.96,84.47,249.14,6.52"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>17 Mattila and Lane 2001; Heisenberg 2005; Achen 2006; Hayes-Renshaw and Wallace 2006. GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 459</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="17,217.00,338.96,32.85,7.43;17,146.83,350.96,174.60,7.43"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Spain has an average unemployment rate of 14.4 percent (almost twice the EU average of 8.4 percent), with 11 percent of its workforce employed in the agricultural sector.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="24,95.03,106.81,379.50,9.23;24,82.46,120.11,378.69,8.76;24,83.09,132.65,385.53,9.18;24,83.15,145.69,397.20,9.23;24,82.46,158.99,389.30,8.76;24,82.24,172.08,390.40,8.57;24,82.58,185.03,387.28,8.76;24,83.50,197.58,382.74,9.33;24,82.46,210.95,400.86,8.76;24,82.36,224.16,387.26,8.57"><head>Figure 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Figure 4 indicates that incu transfers significantly when support them in the preelec sample. The incumbents pree cent when only 19 percent of for the government. I also fin transfers when support for t European Parliament is still process, particularly if govern ity of respondents indicate th</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="26,220.36,262.29,32.82,7.24;26,119.03,274.20,236.89,7.71;26,205.22,286.16,64.81,7.43"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Figure 5 Effect of Preelection on Budget Shares as Undecided Voters Changes</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6" coords="28,153.27,116.00,193.73,7.43;28,77.11,136.80,274.54,8.57;28,76.19,153.30,261.69,9.33;28,76.39,164.65,334.31,9.23;28,232.11,177.29,159.90,6.95;28,134.19,186.95,202.79,8.76;28,134.19,198.23,275.86,8.76;28,231.86,210.34,68.16,7.05;28,134.11,225.00,264.58,8.57;28,134.07,235.79,241.81,8.76;28,231.34,245.77,58.51,6.67;28,134.07,258.11,258.56,8.76;28,231.98,270.22,165.01,7.05;28,231.50,280.86,29.86,4.20;28,78.28,290.81,392.52,9.53;28,233.20,303.58,129.27,6.88;28,77.91,313.14,395.98,9.33;28,135.75,324.47,332.04,8.76;28,233.01,336.89,215.02,6.95;28,135.63,346.79,334.95,8.76;28,134.07,356.85,162.59,7.24;28,76.15,368.53,260.37,9.23;28,133.71,379.91,202.67,8.76;28,133.63,391.20,252.96,8.57;28,231.33,403.93,174.63,6.67;28,231.45,412.33,30.69,6.67;28,133.71,424.31,252.68,8.76;28,231.38,436.78,165.88,7.05;28,231.25,447.44,35.17,7.43;28,75.08,457.21,241.14,9.23;28,133.59,468.71,202.67,8.76;28,132.88,479.63,203.38,8.76;28,76.10,490.21,260.07,9.23;28,75.52,501.42,305.60,9.33;28,132.98,514.79,276.70,8.76;28,74.70,531.73,107.36,6.67;28,87.72,564.77,337.71,9.53;28,75.64,577.86,351.58,9.33;28,75.64,590.82,356.15,9.33;28,75.83,603.85,357.12,9.23;28,75.14,616.91,348.57,8.76;28,75.33,630.05,358.87,9.18;28,75.14,643.07,347.63,8.76;29,148.92,83.99,248.90,6.52;29,79.97,106.87,390.06,9.15;29,80.04,120.25,384.89,9.23;29,79.68,133.67,390.75,8.76;29,80.12,146.57,393.07,9.18;29,79.80,159.95,394.88,8.76;29,79.80,173.15,124.19,8.76;29,92.59,185.82,380.30,9.33;29,79.92,199.43,389.75,8.76;29,80.24,212.09,384.66,9.18;29,80.04,225.47,388.96,8.76;29,80.36,238.37,393.62,9.18;29,80.28,251.41,395.59,9.23;29,79.92,264.83,389.09,8.76;29,80.04,277.91,393.19,8.76;29,79.90,291.36,395.48,8.57;29,80.28,304.19,386.76,8.76;29,79.92,317.27,392.04,8.76;29,80.16,330.23,387.86,8.76;29,79.92,343.55,391.51,8.76;29,80.36,356.21,391.32,9.18;29,80.28,369.71,390.77,8.76;29,80.59,382.26,388.03,9.33;29,80.16,395.75,388.82,8.76;29,80.71,407.34,390.66,9.33;29,80.46,421.87,395.96,9.16;29,80.12,434.81,392.12,9.18;29,80.28,448.19,383.09,8.76;29,80.76,461.39,387.69,8.76;29,79.92,474.47,395.20,8.76;29,80.30,484.87,152.50,8.47"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>estimate the main model: (1) excluding the five snap elections; (2) excluding the twenty-two early elections; (3) excluding all observations for the countries that are most prone to snap elections (United Kingdom, Denmark, Ireland); and (4) including a variable that controls for the number of months early or late the election was held. None of the estimated regressions yield results that are substantively different from the findings reported above (results are available from GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 479 the author). The coefficient on Preelection Y the lowest level of statistical significance is test. The findings for the unconditional EAGG 3) remain positive and significant at convent tantly, I find that the conditional results are r early elections.Second, I analyze to what extent alternativ my main independent variable, Preelection Yea findings. An important question is whether and the distribution of payments fall into the sured by the simple preelection dummy. Cou ing the annual budget typically take place be in the year before payments are made and the on January 1st of the year in which the paym of payments are made in the first half of the b Year only captures whether the year in which payments are made is the year before an electi does not take into account when the election t problematic since elections that fall late in the removed from the current negotiations. The stronger if the election falls earlier in the yea two measures. First, I generate an indicator that varies between 0 and 1. In the preelection culated as (12 -(M-1))/12, where Mis the m tion takes place. The indicator varies between values the later the election takes place and i takes the value 1 if the election takes place in Second, I revise the preelection dummy such t value 1 only if the election falls within the fir and 0 if otherwise.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_10" coords="34,77.85,559.12,88.65,8.00;34,90.88,574.61,359.67,9.18;34,78.47,587.46,367.46,9.33;34,88.88,608.47,351.82,5.90;34,77.02,617.14,276.60,6.19;34,89.19,624.92,99.78,6.57"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>voters have to perceive advantageous deals as signals of the incumbent s political competence. This potentially poses a challenge 50 Information based on the preliminary survey results and interviews conducted by the World Bank in cooperation with the University of Philippines in the Philippines in 2010. 51 Hudec 1993; Davis 2004.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="7,76.05,240.06,342.65,271.86"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>The example illustrates that Council of Ministers' negotiations can be salient domestically, particularly if they have distributional consequences. If the welfare of domestic publics has become more dependent on interactions at the European level, then this dependency should have effects on the attractiveness of electoral strategies at the European level as well. Governments should have begun to shift electoral politics into the European arena. Given that many policy decisions with domestic distributional consequences have been pushed to the European level, the understanding of the Europeanization of electoral politics remains surprisingly limited.13In the following section, I develop a theory of distributional bargaining that takes into account incentives to use negotiations on the European level as a strategy to gain voter support. A theory of the effects of domestic elections on distributional bargaining in the EU has to address three questions. First, what is the incumbent s motive for increasing her benefits from EU membership before elections? Second, how do incumbents appear competent in distributional negotiations? Finally, under what conditions are incumbents able to achieve greater membership gains before elections? The theory addresses these questions and analyzes the conditions under which electoral cycles in European distributional bargaining occur. It builds on two important</figDesc><table coords="8,81.29,107.87,396.73,117.42">literatures: the scholarly work 
the domestic level (as discussed 
governmental bargaining in the 

institutional bargaining const 

EU members to bargain harder 
crease their membership benefi 
erences for such election-induce 

III. Electoral Cycles in EU Budget Bargaining 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="9,89.32,630.80,382.68,6.57"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>19 Bueno de Mesquita and Stokman 1994; Lewis 1998; Stasavag Note too that public approva economic times if the govern because of its social policies. for the incumbent, the grea 21 Whereas the consensus norm provides very well be that governments would benefi cess of a government that is more desirabl reason for such noncooperative incentives coming). I test this argument below, and fin GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 461 ment s incentive to signal political compete thus provide a credible bargaining constrai vide EU members with greater opportunities Council negotiations. 22 -H2. The effect of the preelection period on E efits should be stronger when the incumbent is in el paribus.</figDesc><table coords="10,81.53,107.27,402.07,483.81">next time/"20 A government 
tiation result in the preelectio 

members as well.21 The cons 
provide opportunities for EU 

for domestic electoral politics 
ship benefits before elections 
hypothesis: 

-Hl. EU member governments 
preelection periods, ceteris paribu 

Hypothesis 1 indicates a posit 
membership benefits, on ave 
also alludes to the importan 

electoral constraints at the do 
ments to extract better deals 
The need to obtain dispropo 
ly strong when a government 
electoral distress vary. A gove 

stances might have trouble 
times are not due to its eco 

worse the domestic economic 

tives to signal political comp 
is doing relatively well, a go 
support for other reasons -f 
failed to perform up to par o 

petence. Finally, the governm 
opinion polls show that a sign 
cided rather than low suppor 
increases with the number o 
not deeply committed to an 

with economic benefits, it is a 
egy. The larger the group of 

20 Lewis 1998,489. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="12,75.93,401.93,404.45,152.96"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Thus, EU members can achi harder in Council negotiations gotiations. Even if an elector tive behavior of Council mem cannot observe cooperative ba attribute the benefits to the in IV. Empirical Analysis To test my hypotheses, I analyze the annual EU budget bargaining of twenty-five EU member states from 1977 to 2006. The sample includes all nine states that were members of the EU in 1977 (Belgium,</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="12,97.61,631.12,259.84,6.29"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Statement by the Council of Ministers of the European Union in 2004.the domestic level. The EU budget is the m European collective and redistributive actio nanced through levies on gross national inc as well as on customs and agricultural duties. budget, approximately 80 percent, is used t and employment in the EU -the Europe Fund (erdf) and the European Social Fund ( tion and management of natural resources -t Guidance and Guarantee Fund (eaggf). In a the budget to pursue foreign policies, such as the developing world, and to promote policie and justice. Given the focus on redistributi surprising that at the domestic level the size one of the most important EU topics despite get is relatively small (currently 1.05 percent income).25 In his book on conflict in EU bu Lindner argues that the EU budget is -alt high political importance.Moreover, the relationship between national cont and gains from it play an important role within the costs and benefits of EU membership. . . . The visi gives the net contributions a high symbolic value financial importance.26To give an example, budgetary issues figure Eastern enlargement. The German governm the German public, which was "tired of pa states expect to keep receiving even when Most of the public resistance to enlargement Germany would receive smaller budget sh The UK budget rebate is another example.25  Zimmer, Schneider, and Dobbins 2005; Hix and Follesdal 26 Lindner 2006, 6. 27 Financial Times 2002. European issue in the United K nomic impact is minimal (the proximately 0.2 percent of th the importance of the eaggf s finds that individuals take into from the EU when forming opi Negotiations over the budget tant dimensions of political c Distributional conflict has fre budget. The intergovernmenta in the introduction is just on Chancellor Helmut Kohl stalle financial framework for 2000 because of the perceived elect budget to increase.30 In additi was seriously delayed because Parliament with left-wing na their governments a bargaining Second, defining a negotiation national interests, rather than budget negotiations.32 Debates bution of the budget typically gotiations about the British b Minister Margaret Thatcher justified her stance quite explic "Look! We, as one of the poorer mem the coffers of the Community. . . have left Britain with much much m tion next year of the same size as th that of France." The slogan in the European U ey back." As each net contribut contribution back, the EU bud governments who are keen to s 28 Osterloh 2011. The erdf/esf transfers a spect to income. They predominandy serve t states to poor regions in the EU. 29 Zimmer, Schneider, and Dobbins 2005. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 465 ting their 'fair share' from the EU budget.33 I competence incumbents aim to increase their location above average levels. Third, analyzing the annual budget negoti the multiannual financial framework negotiati case for the theory because governments have cal bargaining. The EU budget process is divi nancial frameworks and annual spending plan are negotiated every few years between the tively outline EU spending by setting ceilings o budget category and on total expenditure. In members negotiate the exact level of expendi between the various budget lines for the year tant bargains in regard to the budget are struc tiations. Those negotiations therefore provid ties for EU governments to strike good deals bbargaining is still possible in the annual nego example, Deniz Aksoy shows that EU memb cil presidency can use their proposal-making gains during the annual budget negotiations.35</figDesc><table coords="13,79.20,84.27,395.53,110.83">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 463 

Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
lands, and the UK), and is subsequently au 
rounds: Greece (1981); Portugal and Spain 
and Sweden (1995); and Cyprus, Czech Rep 
Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, 
Analyzing EU budget negotiations provide 
theory for several reasons. First, EU budget 

™ Financial Times 1998. 

31 Lindner 2006, 104. 

32 Haas 1958; Sbragia 1994; Lewis 1998. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="17,75.49,626.41,396.24,22.28"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Whereas the Dutch budget receipts declined over time, Spanish budget receipts The fourth subsection of Section IV d election indicator that takes into account the election month. 38 Data are from "Parties and Elections in Europe" database, available at www.parties-and-elections .de); Schmitt et al. 2005; Müller and Strom 2000. 39 Data from Indices of Power IOP 2.0. Available at http://www.tbraeuninger.de/IOP.html.Note, the cross-temporal variation of this measure is a result or changes in the individual and total number of votes after enlargements.</figDesc><table coords="18,83.55,107.17,398.68,472.36">experienced almost continuo 
poorer states from Central 
Despite these underlying dy 
during preelection years (ind 
pendent of the economic nee 

tended to receive larger budg 

(although the Netherlands h 

sistently receiving greater bu 
gests that governments indee 
to increase their chances to sta 

I systematically test the ba 
preelection indicator that t 
election and 0 otherwise (H 

are spread throughout the yea 

between the actual budget n 

binary variable that is 1 in th 
ity that the preelection variab 
{Election Year). 

I use several variables to test 
the electoral cycle (Hypothesi 
fluctuations in domestic unem 
times. The data are from Euro 
support for the incumbent as 
would vote for one of the par 
sources, Undecided Voters (%) 

decided when asked the vote i 
election. Finally, Voting Powe 
of a government s formal ba 
index (Hypothesis 3). 39 This 
states membership in a coal 

are assumed equally likely to 

My choice of further cont 

literature on EU budget barga 
formal eligibility of member 

esf resources, the per capita 

37 GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 469 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="19,76.72,402.44,317.06,231.88"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics N Mean SD Min Max</figDesc><table coords="19,76.72,450.35,317.06,183.97">Total Receipts (%) 401 6.13 5.30 0.02 23.37 

EAGGF Receipts (%) 383 3.89 3.90 0.00 17.49 
ERDF/ESF Receipts (%) 383 1.46 1.73 0.00 9.19 

GDP per capita (EU=100) 401 100.15 41.29 23.05 301.18 
Employment Agriculture (In) 401 5.61 1.59 0.99 8.05 
Unemployment Rate (%) 401 8.15 3.65 0.50 21.3 

Shapley-Shubik Council (%) 401 7.42 4.82 0.90 17.86 

Domestic EU Support (%) 401 45.85 22.86 -30.00 86.00 
Election Year (dummy) 401 0.27 0.45 0.00 1.00 
Preelection Year (dummy) 401 0.26 0.44 0.00 1.00 
Postelection Year (dummy) 401 0.25 0.43 0.00 1.00 

Number of EU Members 401 14.93 5.24 9.00 25.00 

New Member State (dummy) 401 0.23 0.42 0.00 1.00 

Incumbent Seats (%) 398 54.40 10.20 22.01 99.00 

Incumbent Support (%) 274 31.73 9.61 7.79 60.32 

Undecided Voters (%) 274 16.54 8.81 0.60 48.64 
Member Contribution (%) 400 6.73 7.56 0.03 31.22 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="20,75.25,570.05,387.85,66.64"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>reports the results for the basic electoral cycle.42 The models fit the data very well. The robustly significant Wald test and the high 41 Using EU size dummies instead does not substantially alter the findings. 42 All models were estimated with Stata 12.1. A replication package is available on the authors Web page, available at http://polisci2.ucsd.edu/cjschneider.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="21,76.43,103.25,400.23,405.77"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Electoral Cycles in EU BudgetBargaining, 1977Bargaining,  -2006 Dependent Variable Total Shares EAGGF ERDF/ESF</figDesc><table coords="21,76.43,134.39,400.23,374.63">Model 1 Model 2 Model 3 

Preelection Year (dummy) 0.104* 0.114** 0.053 
(0.063) (0.043) (0.044) 
Election líèar (dummy) 0.037 0.074* 0.019 
(0.067) (0.043) (0.044) 

Employment Agriculture (In) 0.639** 1.159** -0.698** 

(0.306) (0.201) (0.189) 

Per Capita GDP (EU=100) 0.026** 0.017** -0.009** 

(0.006) (0.003) (0.002) 

Unemployment Rate 0.060** -0.054** -0.017 

(0.030) (0.014) (0.028) 

V&gt;ting Power Council (%) 0.624** 0.581** 0.003 

(0.062) (0.027) (0.031) 

Domestic EU Support (%) -0.008** 0.001 -0.007** 

(0.004) (0.002) (0.003) 
New Member State (dummy) -1.331** -0.936** -0.794** 
(0.282) (0.171) (0.266) 

Number of EU Members -0.039 -0.028 0.037* 

(0.028) (0.019) (0.021) 

Constant -6.072** -7.880** 4.377** 

(1.330) (0.906) (1.073) 
Country Fixed Effects yes yes yes 

Observations 401 383 383 

R2 
0.871 
0.895 
0.759 

V'Wd^2 413055 7.401e+07 6.053e+06 

Prais-Winsten regressions with country fixed effects; panel-

two-tailed test: **p&lt;0.05, *p&lt;0.1 

adjusted-/?2 suggest that the variables toge 
of the variation in the dependent variable. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_9" coords="21,79.68,577.85,396.49,22.14"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>43 Depending preelection year EU members receive betwe the EU budget on top of wh are based on averaging the c times, and the exact amount va To appear politically competent not have to be substantively how large their country's budg er the government increased it to other governments, it suffi that they negotiated an increas Of course, governments cou competent if they received suf provision of public goods on th with this as a strategy is twofo na where governments have fi pendently, a government s inc negotiations with other EU m in budget shares redistribute other EU members, such a lar likely. Second, even if EU me EU resources, the EU budget boost in EU resources could n domestic resources. On the do</figDesc><table coords="22,75.63,146.69,409.24,488.33">Germany, for example, wou 
preelection year, depending o 

calculate the effects. 

The substantively small effect 
get shares provides interesting 
argue above that governments 
elections in order to appear p 
serve the increase in their gov 

to the government's ability t 

riorates by approximately 0.4-0 

election period.44 To generat 
large fluctuations in expendi 
want to increase the provision 
small substantive effect theref 
the EU level governments use d 
pear politically competent rath 

44 Persson and Tabellini 2002; Brender a 

2006. 
strategy complements any domestic preelectora 
ment may pursue. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="24,97.45,706.54,273.10,15.20"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</figDesc><table coords="25,77.55,84.95,390.95,45.60">GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL POLITICS 475 

ty, however, then governments do not increas 

significantly. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_11" coords="31,78.35,159.41,399.30,273.19"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>euros. In ad with additional control variables. I include a d into account the years in which the Financial ated.47 Electoral cycles in the EU may dep EU members agree to intertemporal recipr some EU members might not have an ince member that is in distress. For example, it co ber would rather see the opposition party in ideologically closer aligned with it. Conseq that EU members are less likely to receive hi preelection year if they are ideologically m ideology in the Council. To test this, I measur EU member using data provided by Andre and Christophe Crombez.48 The variable Par the distance of an EU members partisan id erage partisan ideology. If an EU member the Councils average partisan ideology, th 0. Negative values indicate that an EU mem Council and positive values indicate that an of the Council. To test for the conditional ef Year with Partisan Difference .</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_12" coords="31,79.19,436.37,399.89,202.48"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>presents the results. Whereas EU their budget shares during phases of Financia the preelection effect is not a result of these dition, the preelection effect is robust to an</figDesc><table coords="31,79.19,489.06,399.89,149.78">tion of the dependent variable (model 2). F 
members ideology is from the Councils av 

the budget shares it receives, independent of 

place (model 3). 
To analyze the conditional effect, Figure 7 
preelection year on EU members' budget shar 
Partisan Differences. The graph illustrates 
namics. If an EU members ideology is very 
Councils average ideology (0.21, which is th 

then it can expect an increase in its budget s 

47 Data from Aksoy 2010. 
48 Warntjen, Hix, and Crombez 2008. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_13" coords="32,77.81,440.99,405.94,198.72"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>1.338) (0.337) (2.229) Country Fixed Effects yes yes yes Prais-Winsten regressions with country fixe two-tailed test: **p.05, *p&lt;0.1year. The further an EU membe less likely it will receive higher od (indicated by the insignifican This finding provides some su bers are less willing to induce e an election has very different p not seem to hold for EU mem</figDesc><table coords="32,77.81,463.09,298.77,32.70">Observations 401 400 361 

R2 
0.871 
0.691 
0.901 

Wald %2 

Figure 7 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_14" coords="35,77.46,104.52,319.05,63.47"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Model Specification Model 1 Model 2 Model 3 Model 4 Total EAGGF Total Total Dependent Variable Shares Shares Shares Shares</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_15" coords="35,77.64,429.47,403.35,178.55"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>748) (1.427) Specification fgls fgls fgls gmm Country Fixed Effects yes yes yes yes Dynamic panel regressions with country fixed effects; pane two-tailed test: **p&lt;0.05, *p&lt;0.1 for electoral politics in the IMF and the grants are given to countries with econo existence of a program could signal econom ments can nevertheless signal political co receive larger loans with better conditions punished if they interrupt reforms.53 For projects in the Philippines, vi mayoral bargaining success i point, they attributed the fai performance of their mayors whatsoever in the distribution Finally, governments have of benefits from the internat competent or able to use un the EU), bargaining capacity economically powerfid stat goals. In the World Bank and limited bargaining power. In borrowing countries are more ternational distributional ba has a strategic interest in that portunities for cooperation be VI. Conclusion</figDesc><table coords="35,79.01,462.41,314.66,31.15">Observations 376 358 352 352 

R2 
0.960 
0.971 
0.965 

Wald *2 444489 10162 82439 8445.26 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 454 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 456 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="5">Reuters. 2010. "German elections bring forward a possible stalemate situation for EMU." April 28. At http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate-uk/2010/04/28/german-elections-bring-forward-a-pos sible-stalemate-situation-for-emu, accessed March 14, 2013. 6 RP Online. 2010. "Griechenland entscheidet die Wahl." May 8. At http://www.rp-online.de/ politik/nrw/griechenland-entscheidet-die-wahl-1. 877336, accessed March 14, 2013. 7 Die Welt Online. 2010. "Mehrheit der Deutschen lehnt Griechen-Hilfe ab." April 27. At http:// www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article7354187/Mehrheit-der-Deutschen-lehnt-Griechenland -Hilfe-ab.html, accessed March 14, 2013. 8 Spiegel Online. 2010. "Euro-Angst treibt Merkel zur Griechen-Rettung." April 28. At http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/kanzlerin-unter-zugzwang-euro-angst-treibt-merkel -zur-griechen-rettung-a-691783.html, accessed March 14, 2013. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="9">New Y)rk Times Online. 2010. 'As Greek drama plays out, where is Europe?" April 29. At http:// www.nytimes.com/2010/04/30/world/europe/30europe.html?_r=0, accessed March 14, 2013. 10 Spiegel Online. 2010."Merkels bluff called in poker over Greece." April 12. At http://www.spiegel .de/international/europe/an-aid-package-in-the-billions-merkel-s-bluff-called-in-poker-overgreece-a-688580.html, accessed March 14, 2013. Spiegel Online. 2010. 4 Wahlkampf in letzter Minute: Rüttgers kämpft gegen Griechenland -Effekt." May 8. Athttp://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/wahlkampf-in-letzter-minute-ruettgers -kaempft-gegen-griechenland-effekt-a-693779.html, accessed March 14, 2013. 12 N-tv.de. 2010. "Quittung ftir die Bundesregierung. Rüttgers brutal zurückgestutzt." May 9. At http://www.n-tv.de/politik/pressestimmen/Ruettgers-brutal-zurueckgestutzt-article864052.html, accessed March 14, 2013. 13 See also Kayser 2006. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 458 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 460 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">more administrative staff, which provides them with informational and expertise advantages. This enables them to more easily organize studies in support of their positions, be more effective in building favorable coalitions among the Council members, exercise more effective control over the administrative apparatus at home or bureaucratic representatives at the European level, and ensure a consistent message is being sent at all levels. Thus, despite consensus rules, powerful states have the indirect capacity to do better in distributional negotiations.-H3. The effect of the preelection period on EU membership benefits should be stronger when the incumbent has greater bargaining capacity in the Council, ceteris paribus.Before moving to the empirical test, it is important to discuss an assumption underlying Hypotheses 1-3. 1 assume that voters attribute the above-average increase in membership benefits to the incumbents political competence in the distributional negotiations. Voters would 22 If an incumbent is almost certain not to be reelected, EU members should have very little incentive to help that incumbent in the first place because reciprocity is not very likely to be forthcoming. Paradoxically, colluding to help a government in electoral distress is least likely precisely when its need to appear competent is greatest. Consequently, the distressed government is on its own: any favorable outcome it can secure must be mostly due to its competence at extracting better deals from reluctant partners. That is, I would expect electoral cycles to still exist but as a consequence of hard bargaining instead of reciprocityThis content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 462 WORLD POLITICS not be very impressed by the</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 464 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 466 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 468 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 470 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="43">In the conditional models, the electoral effect becomes and structural transfers. The coefficient on Preelection Yea growth in the budget share. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 472 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 474 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 476 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="46"> Kayser 2006, 442.    This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 478 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 480 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 482 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 484 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="52"><ref type="bibr" coords="35,107.86,619.87,68.39,5.90" target="#b9">Dreher and</ref> Viubel 2004.  53 Dreher 2003.    This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 486 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 488 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Press.This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:46:04 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 490 WORLD POLITICS</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.29,125.40,369.73,8.57;38,88.26,136.72,346.30,8.00;38,88.80,147.72,357.40,8.39;38,87.64,159.32,58.40,7.43" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Evaluating Political Decision-Making Models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Achen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Robert Thomson, Frans N. Stokman, Christopher H. Achen, and Thomas König</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The European Union Decides</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.12,169.75,371.88,8.47;38,88.26,181.36,357.42,8.00;38,88.74,190.96,77.67,8.00" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Who Gets What, When, and How Revisited: Voting and Proposal Powers in the Allocation of the EU Budget</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deniz</forename><surname>Aksoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Union Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="171" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.90,203.32,362.08,8.00;38,88.26,214.36,343.98,8.00;38,87.82,225.77,134.07,7.81" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Getting into the Game: Legislative Bargaining, Distributive Politics, and EU Enlargement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deniz</forename><surname>Aksoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Rodden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Finance and Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="613" to="656" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.90,236.68,371.92,8.00;38,88.26,247.96,345.08,8.00;38,88.06,257.81,149.82,7.81" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transparency, Political Participation, and Political Budget Cycles in OECD Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Alt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Dreyer Lassen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="530" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.33,269.51,371.72,8.40;38,88.23,280.71,350.39,7.66" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Political Budget Cycles in New versus Established Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adi</forename><surname>Brender</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allan</forename><surname>Drazen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Monetary Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1271" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.14,291.88,361.59,8.00;38,88.26,303.16,352.51,8.00;38,87.89,314.28,76.16,7.71" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Twelve into One: Models of Decision-Making in the European Community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Bueno De Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frans</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Stokman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Yale University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Haven, Conn</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.46,325.06,371.33,8.42;38,87.70,336.65,291.74,7.81" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Net Financial Transfers in the European Union: Who Gets What and Wh yT</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clifford</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Carrubba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="469" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.24,347.11,369.63,8.47;38,88.14,358.60,357.87,8.00;38,87.90,368.56,113.44,8.00" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International Institutions and Issue Linkage: Building Support for Agricultural Trade Liberalization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.02,380.92,366.24,8.00;38,87.82,392.21,354.83,7.81;38,88.05,400.77,37.93,7.24" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">EU Issue Voting: Asset or Liability? How European Integration Affects Parties&apos; Electoral Fortunes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Catherine</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>De Vries</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Union Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.90,414.04,355.80,8.00;38,86.26,425.57,215.89,7.81" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Influence of Elections on IMF Program Interruptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Axel</forename><surname>Dreher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="121" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.16,434.76,352.59,8.57;38,88.02,447.52,345.17,8.00;38,87.48,456.20,65.54,7.43" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do IMF and IBRD Cause Moral Hazard and Political Business Cycles? Evidence from Panel Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Axel</forename><surname>Dreher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roland</forename><surname>Vaubel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Open Economies Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,76.16,469.30,353.96,8.42;38,88.06,480.19,340.63,8.47;38,87.85,491.56,343.13,8.00;38,87.85,501.00,187.14,7.71" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999 between the European Parliament, the Council, and the Commission of Budgetary Discipline and Improvement of the Budgetary Procedure</title>
		<idno>172/01</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Official Journal of the European Communities</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>EU Commission</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.73,513.04,349.97,8.00;38,75.61,524.32,353.86,8.00;38,87.77,535.37,321.48,7.81" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Paying for a bigger Europe: EU members are united over enlargement but divided over how it should be financed</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Financial Times</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998-09" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">23</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Bonns EU funding will soon be tested</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.94,545.95,353.42,8.47;38,88.13,557.57,341.64,7.81;38,88.57,567.48,153.67,7.71" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Responsive Public: Issue Salience, Policy Change, and Preferences for European Unification ?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Franklin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christoper</forename><surname>Wlezien</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Theoretical Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.73,579.16,349.80,8.00;38,87.97,590.08,251.17,8.00" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electoral and Partisan Cycles in Economic Policies and Outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Franzese</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="369" to="421" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.85,601.24,343.27,8.00;38,88.81,612.36,166.11,7.71" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">European Integration, Voters, and National Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gable</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">West European Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="52" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,75.73,623.44,349.46,8.00;39,147.60,85.35,248.95,6.29" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Uniting of Europe</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ernst</forename><surname>Haas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>POLITICS 489</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1958" />
			<pubPlace>Stanford, Calif</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Stanford University GLOBALIZING ELECTORAL</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,78.13,107.44,393.18,8.00;39,90.01,118.96,383.63,8.00;39,86.80,127.61,28.64,6.95" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Lucio Vinhas de Souza, and Will Business Cycles in EU Accession Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Hallerberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="50" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,76.01,140.51,382.38,8.76;39,87.53,150.88,221.44,8.00" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Council of Ministers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fiona</forename><surname>Hayes-Renshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Helen</forename><surname>Wallace</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Palgrave Macmillan Press Ltd</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Houndmills, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.88,162.67,379.84,8.47;39,87.48,174.12,368.97,8.39;39,85.84,185.64,207.80,7.71" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Institution of &apos;Consensus&apos; in the European Union: Formal versus Informal Decision-Making in the Council</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dorothee</forename><surname>Heisenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Political Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.65,196.36,369.83,8.00;39,87.32,207.17,332.59,7.81" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Study of the European Union II: The &apos;New Governance&apos; Agenda and Its Rival</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Hix</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of European Public Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.97,218.14,382.39,8.42;39,87.56,229.97,367.44,7.81;39,88.01,239.68,116.82,8.00" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Why There Is a Democratic Deficit in the EU: A Response to Majone and Moravcsik</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Hix</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andreas</forename><surname>Follesdal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="533" to="62" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>/oz/r«tf/ of Common Market Studies</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.77,252.04,374.56,8.00;39,87.29,262.48,261.51,8.00" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Enforcing International Trade Law : The Evolution of the Modern GATT Legal System</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Hudec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<pubPlace>Salem, N.H.; Butterworth</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.77,273.88,369.88,8.00;39,87.65,285.04,362.98,8.00;39,87.77,296.32,272.46,8.00" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In View of Ratification: Governmental Preferences and Domestic Constraints at the Amsterdam Intergovernmental Conference</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Hug</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>König</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="447" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,76.08,307.19,384.59,8.40;39,87.56,317.33,154.29,7.81" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trade and the Timing of Elections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kayser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,76.01,329.44,369.34,8.00;39,87.65,340.96,362.17,8.00;39,87.53,350.56,124.72,8.00" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Performance Pressure: Patterns of Partisanship and the Economic Vote</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kayser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Wlezien</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Political Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="365" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,76.01,362.68,370.33,8.00;39,87.68,373.32,364.73,8.57;39,88.76,384.29,180.88,7.81" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Unanimity to Consensus: An Analysis of the Negotiations at the EUs Constitutional Convention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>König</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Slapin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="458" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.77,396.04,373.10,8.00;39,87.41,407.44,363.31,8.00;39,88.13,417.04,64.41,8.00" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Berlin Summit: Process and Outcome of the Agenda 2000 Budgetary Proposals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brigid</forename><surname>Laffan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Community Studies Association Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="8" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,76.04,429.00,379.54,8.57;39,87.84,440.15,367.54,8.40;39,87.34,449.30,39.73,7.33" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">European Budget. The Poisonous Budget Rebate Debate</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Le</forename><surname>Cacheux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacques</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 41</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<pubPlace>Paris, France</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Notre Europe Etudes &amp;c Recherches</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.77,462.64,378.06,8.00;39,87.29,473.68,358.42,8.00;39,87.52,484.92,278.36,7.71" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is the Hard Bargaining Image of the Council Misleading? The Committee of Permanent Representatives and the Local Election Directive</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Common Market Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="504" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.68,496.25,373.94,7.81;39,87.76,505.27,79.05,8.47" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Conflict and Changes in Budgetary Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johannes</forename><surname>Lindner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Routledge</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.68,517.56,379.97,8.57;39,87.61,528.82,370.64,8.42;39,87.20,539.81,181.18,7.81" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fiscal Transfers and Redistribution in the European Union: Do Smaller Member States Get More than their Share?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mikko</forename><surname>Mattila</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of European Public Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="34" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.41,550.84,366.36,8.00;39,87.77,562.12,367.66,8.00" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why Unanimity in the Council? A Roll-Call Analysis of Council Voting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mikko</forename><surname>Mattila</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan-Erik</forename><surname>Lane</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Union Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.61,572.62,381.18,8.42;39,87.65,583.72,326.01,8.00" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The European Union Budget Review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Iain</forename><surname>Mclver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<publisher>Scottish Parliament Information Center</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Edinburgh, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>SPice Briefing Paper no. 08/50</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,75.41,594.88,380.31,8.00;39,87.53,605.92,365.21,8.00;39,88.13,616.84,138.15,8.00" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Negotiating the Single European Act: National Interests and Conventional Statecraft in the European Community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Moravcsik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,81.81,106.60,396.74,8.00;40,93.60,118.01,377.86,7.81;40,82.17,128.92,399.14,8.00;40,94.56,139.66,376.37,8.42;40,94.17,150.88,370.56,8.00;40,81.93,162.52,395.60,8.00;40,94.08,171.89,371.70,7.81" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Can Reg from EU Structural Policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wolfgang</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Müller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Europe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Oxford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Uk: Oxford Uni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steffen</forename><surname>Osterloh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Center for European Persson, Torsten, and Guido Tabe nomic Policy</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Germany; Cambridge, Mass</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,82.05,184.36,389.01,8.00;40,93.93,195.64,381.08,8.00;40,82.97,206.16,396.78,8.57;40,94.05,217.84,382.90,8.00;40,93.84,229.08,376.11,7.71;40,87.90,237.56,53.48,7.43" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Streng tion in the European Union</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Rodden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Eu Sbragia, Alberta M. 1994. From tion of the European Communit ter Maastricht: American and Eu Books</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="69" to="87" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.39,249.76,346.92,7.99;40,88.10,261.70,346.15,8.42;40,87.95,273.17,341.02,7.81;40,87.91,283.84,63.10,8.00" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Prepared by Zentralarchiv für Europäische Sozialforschung und Zentrum ftir Umfragen</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hermann</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evi</forename><surname>Scholz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Iris</forename><surname>Leim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Meinhard</forename><surname>Moschner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
			<publisher>Methoden und Analysen</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Mannheim Eurobarometer Trend File</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.53,294.84,360.25,8.57;40,87.95,306.77,339.73,7.81;40,87.41,315.26,28.75,7.33" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Weak States and Institutionalized Bargaining Power in International Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="25" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.18,328.48,341.41,8.00;40,88.12,339.22,337.61,8.42;40,87.53,351.46,152.64,7.05" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Partisan Heterogeneity and International Cooperation: The Case of the European Development Fund</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johannes</forename><surname>Urpelainen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.18,361.72,336.90,8.00;40,87.82,372.88,328.08,8.00;40,87.58,384.16,191.18,8.00" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Change of Tide in Political Cooperation: A Limited Information Model of European Integration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerald</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lars-Erik</forename><surname>Cederman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="633" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.18,395.08,340.05,8.00;40,88.12,405.94,337.21,8.42;40,88.06,416.20,192.03,8.00" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Turkeys Bid for EU Membership, Contrasting Views of Public Opinion, and Vote Choice: Evidence from the 2005 German Federal Election</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harald</forename><surname>Schoen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Electoral Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="344" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.30,428.32,334.90,8.00;40,87.62,439.01,331.16,7.81" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Political Business Cycles: Do they Differ Across Countries and Why</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Min</forename><surname>Shi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jakob</forename><surname>Svensson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Public Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8-9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1367" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.22,450.65,343.69,7.81;40,87.86,461.69,333.09,7.81;40,88.54,472.00,131.40,8.00" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bargaining Power at Europe&apos;s Intergovernmental Conferences: Testing Institutional and Intergovernmental Theories</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Slapin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.18,483.52,336.42,8.00;40,88.06,494.32,330.68,8.00" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Open-Door or Closed-Door? Transparency in Domestic and International Bargaining</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Stasavage</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="667" to="703" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,75.79,504.95,348.16,8.76;40,88.43,516.24,332.35,8.57;40,87.57,527.40,71.90,7.71" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The European Union Decides</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Thomson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frans</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Stokman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Achen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>König</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, Mass</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,75.58,538.48,337.42,8.00;40,87.82,549.64,336.78,8.00;40,88.06,559.48,126.55,8.00" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The European Union at the Ballet Box? European Integration and Voting Behavior in the New Member States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erik</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Political Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="590" to="610" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,75.46,571.48,337.72,8.00;40,87.69,582.84,336.03,7.71;40,88.62,592.15,65.47,8.47" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Party Political Make-up of the EU Legislative Bodies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andreas</forename><surname>Warntjen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Hix</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christophe</forename><surname>Crombez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of European Public Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1243" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,76.26,603.19,349.12,8.47;40,87.94,615.28,337.76,8.00;40,87.82,625.24,144.81,8.00" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Contested Council: Conflict Dimensions of an Intergovernmental EU Institution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><surname>Zimmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerald</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Dobbins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="403" to="425" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
