<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2016-08">August 2016</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anita</forename><surname>Pansari</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chang</forename><forename type="middle">Jiang</forename><surname>Scholar</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST)</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Lee Kong Chian Fellow</addrLine>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Indian School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Singapore Management University</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">ISB Senior Fellow</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">LIII</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="514"/>
							<date type="published" when="2016-08">August 2016</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1509/jmr.15.0044</idno>
					<note>*V. Kumar (VK) is Regents Professor, Richard and Susan Lenny Distinguished Chair Professor, and Executive Director, Centre for Ex-cellence in Brand and Customer Management at the J. Mack Robinson College of Business, Georgia State University; Anita Pansari is a doctoral student in marketing, Centre for Excellence in Brand and Customer Management at the J. Mack Robinson College of Business, Georgia State University (e-mail: apansari1@gsu.edu). The authors&apos; names appear in alphabetical order. The authors thank the JMR review team for providing valuable feedback on an earlier version of the study. They thank the audiences who attended the presentations at Tsinghua University, HUST, Skolkovo, Bogazici University, Dartmouth College, and IIM-Ahmedabad. The authors also thank Alok Saboo, Nita Umashankar, Denish Shah, Gayatri Shukla, and Bharath Rajan for their valuable feedback on the earlier versions of this article. They thank Renu for copy editing a previous version of this manuscript. G. Tomas M. Hult served as associate editor for this article.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:06+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>customer engagement</term>
					<term>employee engagement</term>
					<term>firm performance</term>
					<term>business-to-business</term>
					<term>service</term>
					<term>employee empowerment</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The authors highlight the need for and develop a framework for engagement by reviewing the relevant literature and analyzing popularpress articles. They discuss the definitions of the focal constructs-customer engagement (CE) and employee engagement (EE)-in the engagement framework, capture these constructs' multidimensionality, and develop and refine items for measuring CE and EE. They validate the proposed framework with data from 120 companies over two time periods, and they develop strategies to help firms raise their levels of CE and EE to improve performance. They also observe that the influence of EE on CE is moderated by employee empowerment, type of firm (business-tobusiness [B2B] vs. business-to-consumer [B2C]), and nature of industry (manufacturing vs. service); in particular, this effect is stronger for B2B (vs. B2C) firms and service (vs. manufacturing) firms. The authors find that although both CE and EE positively influence firm performance, the effect of CE on firm performance is stronger. Furthermore, the effect of CE and EE on performance is enhanced for B2B (vs. B2C) and for service (vs. manufacturing) firms.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Competitive Advantage Through Engagement</head><p>In today's market scenario, in which competition is intense and the world has become a unified market due to technological developments and social media, interactions among customers have increased manifold. Therefore, it is important for firms to keep their customers engaged. A recent Gallup study found that "fully engaged" and "engaged" customers accounted for 23% and 7% increases in revenue, respectively, whereas the "not engaged" and "actively disengaged" groups of customers resulted in revenue drops of 1% and 13%, respectively. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,470.89,452.11,3.74,6.58" target="#b0">1</ref> However, this pattern is not restricted to the customers of the firm. Popular press has indicated that the importance of engagement is trickling to the employees of the firm. The following observations highlight the effects of engaging employees:</p><p>• 84% of highly engaged employees believe they can positively affect the quality of their organization's products, compared with only 31% of the disengaged who believe this. 2 • 72% of highly engaged employees believe they can positively affect customer service, versus 27% of the disengaged. 3 • 68% of highly engaged employees believe they can positively influence costs in their job or unit, versus just 19% of the disengaged <ref type="bibr" coords="1,378.42,583.33,81.41,7.89" target="#b19">(Crim and Sejits 2006)</ref>.</p><p>These statistics indicate that firms should focus on designing strategies that ensure both the customers and the employees are engaged. In fact, the Gallup study indicates that firms should focus on engaging customers through all possible channels; establish that the customer is heard, serviced, and treated in the best possible manner; and ensure an overall positive customer experience. To achieve this degree of efficiency, an organization must function as a cohesive unit and have a shared vision among all its employees. From the above observations, it appears that engagement needs to be an important part of firm's overall strategy.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DEFINING ENGAGEMENT</head><p>In a content analysis of 50 articles that use the term "engage" or "engagement," we observed that these terms were used in discussions about processes, cocreation, solution development and/ or utilization, interactions, and relevant marketing-based forms of service exchange <ref type="bibr" coords="2,124.26,185.65,72.43,8.77" target="#b12">(Brodie et al. 2011</ref>). Engagement has been studied across fields over the years. For example, in sociology it has been studied as "civic engagement" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,203.70,207.54,76.74,8.77" target="#b41">(Mondak et al. 2010)</ref>, in psychology as "social engagement" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.19,218.54,90.06,8.77" target="#b2">(Achterberg et al. 2003)</ref>, in organizational behavior/management literature as "employee engagement" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,111.57,240.42,91.78,8.77" target="#b14">(Catteeuw et al. 2007)</ref>, and in marketing as "customer engagement" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,148.99,251.42,52.65,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar 2013)</ref>. Although the topic has been discussed across fields, there is a need to understand the functioning of both marketing and organizational behavior together because their business functions are interrelated.</p><p>Therefore, in this study, we focus on understanding engagement of the internal (employees) and external (customers) stakeholders of the organization. Engagement, as mentioned earlier, represents cocreation, interaction, solution development, and so on, all of which depend on the attitude that drives the behavior of customers and employees toward a firm. We define engagement as the attitude, behavior, the level of connectedness (1) among customers, (2) between customers and employees, and (3) of customers and employees within a firm. In other words, the more positive the attitude and behavior and the higher the level of connectedness, the higher the level of engagement. It is important for companies to ensure that both their customers and their employees are well engaged; anecdotal evidence suggests such strategies result in gains in firm performance. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,172.63,448.09,3.74,6.58">4</ref> To discuss the various ways in which customers and employees can be engaged and the possible outcome of engagement, we develop a conceptual framework that comprises customer engagement (CE), employee engagement (EE), and the firm's performance outcomes. Additionally, we use moderators such as employee empowerment, type of firm (business-to-business [B2B] vs. business-to-consumer [B2C] firms), and nature of industry (manufacturing vs service organization) in testing the various proposed relationships.</p><p>To measure engagement, we develop scales for CE and refine the existing scales for EE. Next, we provide strategies with which firms can manage both CE and EE to maximize profits. Subsequently, to understand the effectiveness of an engagement strategy, we measure engagement in 120 large U.S. companies over a two-year period; we find that as the level of engagement increases over time, firm performance also improves. This effect is moderated by the level of employee empowerment, the type of firm (B2B vs. B2C) and the nature of the industry (manufacturing vs. service). The moderating effect of EE on CE is positive for B2B firms, for service firms, and when employees are empowered. Also, the effect of EE and CE on firm performance is enhanced for B2B and service firms. Finally, to bring engagement into every organization, as an organization culture, we define and suggest ways to develop an engagement orientation to reap rewards from engaging all relevant stakeholders. The process of developing and implementing the proposed engagement framework is shown in <ref type="figure" coords="2,417.77,119.90,34.04,8.77" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>.</p><p>The rest of the article is divided into five parts. In the next section, we discuss the motivation of the study, which covers our review of popular press and academic literature of both marketing and management. In the second section, we focus on the conceptual framework, which comprises the components, the moderators, and the consequences of engagement. In the third section, we provide details on the process of data collection, measurements, and scale validation of the components of engagement. In the fourth section, we discuss the measurement and implementation of engagement in 120 companies over a two-year period and the effect of engagement on firm performance. In the final section, we offer strategies to manage engagement, managerial implications, the limitations of the study, and the scope for further research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>LITERATURE REVIEW</head><p>In this section, we review the past literature on both marketing and management discipline and analyze to develop the engagement framework. In the field of marketing, customers are the key resource to a firm's profit growth, which is one of the primary objectives of firms. Satisfying customers just by selling the right product/service is not enough because most products/services are homogeneous, and competition is intense. Therefore, a firm must engage customers in various ways other than product purchase, such as encouraging customer referrals, soliciting customer feedback on products/services, and engaging in social media interactions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,399.72,437.71,58.18,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar 2013)</ref>. If a customer has an overall positive experience with a firm, then the customer should purchase more, interact more with the firm to provide feedback and references, and spread the firm's message on social media.</p><p>Similarly, in the field of management, the discussion has revolved around the internal stakeholders of the firm: the employees. Employees are committed to their organization only if they understand the organization's goals and their individual responsibilities toward fulfilling these goals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,317.93,547.30,102.43,8.77" target="#b58">(Zyman and Brott 2002)</ref>. If the employees of a firm are committed to delivering the brand values and perform to the best of their ability, then they can engage their customers in an efficient manner. However, if they are disengaged, they do not focus on the needs of the customers.</p><p>From the literature, it is evident that engaging both customers and the employees should be of primary importance to a firm. However, there has been no study that discusses the impact of engaging both customers and employees. Because employees can potentially interact with customers at every touch point, they contribute to creating the brand image through repeated interactions. Therefore, it is important to fill this gap in the literature in order to help firms design profitable strategies that ensure positive experiences for both customers and employees.</p><p>The importance of this gap has also been emphasized in the literature. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,430.24,722.65,99.78,8.77">Brodie et al. (2011, p. 11</ref>) note, While brands/organizations have been the primary engagement objects examined in CE research to date, equally important are the roles of specific products/services, categories, stakeholders, and/or relevant institutions, such as Government and industry governing bodies . . . . Further, the specific dynamics underlying the two-way, interactive engagement with particular objects including organizations, products/services, employees and/or brands, and potential value correction and/or loyalty outcomes, require further theoretical and empirical scrutiny.</p><p>Positive relationships between customers and a firm and between employees and a firm are important because they entail the smooth functioning of the organization. In accordance with the literature, our expectation is that if the employees and the customers are engaged efficiently and effectively, then the various stakeholders of the firm will be satisfied, due to the growth in the firm's profits. Customerlevel data on various types of engagement are not easily available to all firms and researchers; thus, measuring and managing customer engagement could be a challenge. Similarly, observing the behavior of employees to understand their level of engagement would also be difficult. To resolve this issue, we develop a comprehensive framework for engagement and introduce survey measures to obtain a score on various levels of CE and EE. <ref type="figure" coords="3,167.64,678.83,32.48,8.77">Figure 2</ref> provides the conceptual framework of engagement, which has been developed from related literature and the popular press and is in line with our definition. In the next section, we discuss each of the attributes of engagement.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONCEPTUAL FRAMEWORK AND HYPOTHESIS DEVELOPMENT Customer Engagement</head><p>The first aspect of engagement pertains to customer attitude, behavior, and level of connectedness among themselves and with the firm. We represent this aspect as customer engagement (CE). Customer engagement has been extensively discussed in marketing academia. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,463.23,517.14,93.86,8.77">Bowden (2009, p. 65)</ref> describes CE as "a psychological process" driving customer loyalty, whereas <ref type="bibr" coords="3,387.85,539.99,126.31,8.77">Van Doorn et al. (2010, p. 254</ref>) focus on specific CE behaviors by defining the concept primarily with reference to the specific types and/or patterns of focal engagement activities. They define CE as "a customer's behavioral manifestations that have a brand or firm focus, beyond purchase, resulting from motivational drivers." <ref type="bibr" coords="3,530.82,597.25,26.22,8.77;3,317.94,608.70,44.97,8.77">Kumar (2013, p. 6</ref>) focuses on the different ways a customer can engage profitably with a firm. In all these discussions, engagement is represented as either a state of mind or an activity beyond purchases.</p><p>The definitions of CE in the literature also highlight that CE extends beyond a customer's purchases and is an important aspect for firms. Although various definitions of CE convey similar meanings, researchers have viewed the components of CE differently. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,377.52,699.81,91.87,8.77" target="#b54">Van Doorn et al. (2010)</ref> propose valence, form and modality, scope, nature of impact, and customers' purpose as the dimensions of CE. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,414.94,722.65,75.20,8.77" target="#b32">Kumar et al. (2010)</ref> emphasize that if </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PROCESS OF DEVELOPING AND IMPLEMENTING THE ENGAGEMENT FRAMEWORK</head><p>CE is not accounted for, then the firm will undervalue or overvalue its customers. In their conceptualization of CE, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.94,382.94,84.50,8.77" target="#b32">Kumar et al. (2010)</ref> include customer transactions in the metric, unlike <ref type="bibr" coords="4,110.83,393.88,92.95,8.77" target="#b54">Van Doorn et al. (2010)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="4,222.52,393.88,71.54,8.77;4,54.94,404.88,68.58,8.77" target="#b55">Verhoef, Reinartz, and Krafft (2010)</ref>, who state that CE involves behavior that goes beyond transactions. The definition of CE can vary, but there is agreement in the literature as well as in practice on the various ways a customer contributes to a firm. The conceptualization of CE by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,153.30,448.71,79.62,8.77" target="#b32">Kumar et al. (2010)</ref> is used for the purpose of this study because it is comprehensive and comprises customer purchases, customer referrals, customer influence, and customer knowledge.</p><p>Customer purchases. When customers purchase products/ services from a firm, they directly contribute to the firm value <ref type="bibr" coords="4,81.57,514.47,150.46,8.77">(Gupta, Lehmann, and Stuart 2004)</ref>. Furthermore, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.93,525.42,80.47,8.77" target="#b32">Kumar et al. (2008)</ref> find that at IBM, resource reallocation on the basis of customer purchases led to an increase in revenue of about $20 million without any changes in the level of marketing investment.</p><p>Customer referrals. Referrals are a form of engaging with customers for both B2C and B2B firms (in the case of B2B, they are denoted as "references"). They help in attracting customers who would not be attracted by the traditional marketing channel <ref type="bibr" coords="4,130.34,613.06,76.55,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar et al. 2010)</ref>. Research has shown that referred customers are more profitable than nonreferred customers <ref type="bibr" coords="4,98.19,635.00,173.55,8.77" target="#b48">(Schmitt, Skiera, and Van den Bulte 2011)</ref>, and customers with the most purchase transactions do not always provide the most referrals <ref type="bibr" coords="4,154.94,656.95,134.99,8.77">(Kumar, Petersen, and Leone 2010)</ref>. However, customers with the most purchase transactions might influence other customers or provide feedback to firms and therefore contribute to the overall CE.</p><p>Customer influence. Customer influence describes the impact the customer makes on social media. Social media users can affect others' activities within a social networking site; this effect is termed "influence" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,472.13,361.01,76.12,8.77" target="#b53">(Trusov et al. 2009</ref>). These influences on social media create a ripple effect and extend beyond the close social network of the customer, through a wide group of customers <ref type="bibr" coords="4,470.30,393.89,86.75,8.77;4,317.93,404.89,47.14,8.77" target="#b25">(Hogan, Lemon, and Libai 2003)</ref>, affecting the firm's profits <ref type="bibr" coords="4,486.80,404.89,70.26,8.77;4,317.93,415.83,22.03,8.77" target="#b36">(Lee and Grewal 2004)</ref>. In the recent past, social media platforms have been used extensively by customers to exchange brand-and product-related information for both B2B <ref type="bibr" coords="4,503.29,437.78,53.75,8.77;4,317.93,448.72,41.33,8.77" target="#b15">(Chakravarty et al. 2014</ref>) and B2C firms <ref type="bibr" coords="4,428.34,448.72,56.00,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar 2013)</ref>. These platforms have a more direct impact on brand communities, and they enjoy higher CE compared with traditional marketing methodologies <ref type="bibr" coords="4,381.44,481.60,76.96,8.77" target="#b53">(Trusov et al. 2009</ref>).</p><p>Customer knowledge. Customer knowledge is achieved when a current customer is actively involved in improving a company's products/services by providing feedback/ suggestions. Customers can also add value to a company by helping the firm understand customer preferences and by participating in the knowledge development process <ref type="bibr" coords="4,533.48,547.36,23.53,8.77;4,317.93,558.31,70.45,8.77" target="#b29">(Joshi and Sharma 2004)</ref>. Firms can use this knowledge to improve their products and services and/or create new products <ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.93,580.25,111.21,8.77">(Kumar and Bhagwat 2010)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Employee Engagement</head><p>The second aspect of the engagement definition is employee engagement (EE), which pertains to the level of connectedness of employees with the customers and the attitude and behavior of the employees toward the firm. Employee engagement has been defined as "a multidimensional construct which comprises of all the different facets of the attitudes and behaviors of employees towards the organization" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,470.95,700.76,86.06,8.77;4,317.93,711.71,39.24,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2014, p. 9</ref>). The dimensions of EE proposed by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,511.98,711.71,45.12,8.77;4,317.93,722.65,60.39,8.77">Kumar and Pansari (2014)</ref> comprise employee satisfaction, employee identification, employee commitment, employee loyalty, and employee performance.</p><p>Employee satisfaction. Employee satisfaction is an emotional reaction to the overall job circumstances and different job factors, such as the qualities of the supervisor and coworkers, as well as pay level <ref type="bibr" coords="5,177.90,108.95,111.86,8.77" target="#b11">(Brown and Peterson 1993)</ref>. The internal quality of the work environment also contributes to employee satisfaction, which is measured by the feelings that employees have toward their job, colleagues, and company <ref type="bibr" coords="5,149.61,152.77,78.99,8.77">(Heskett et al.1994)</ref>. Employee satisfaction affects employee turnover and absenteeism <ref type="bibr" coords="5,264.36,163.71,29.79,8.77;5,54.94,174.66,103.24,8.77" target="#b21">(Fisher, Locke, and Henne 1992)</ref>, quality of work <ref type="bibr" coords="5,235.20,174.66,58.83,8.77;5,54.94,185.65,47.49,8.77" target="#b50">(Silvestro and Cross 2000)</ref>, and how employees identify themselves with the organization.</p><p>Employee identification. Employee identification has been defined as "a psychological state wherein an individual perceives himself or herself to be part of a larger whole" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,87.76,240.42,97.40,8.77">(Rousseau 1998, p.217)</ref>. Employees who identify themselves with their organization are intertwined with the success and failure of the brand <ref type="bibr" coords="5,185.97,262.36,82.10,8.77" target="#b44">(Punjaisri et al. 2009</ref>), and thus they are more committed to the organization.</p><p>Employee commitment. Employee commitment is defined as "the extent of psychological attachment of employees to the brand, which influences their willingness to exert extra effort towards reaching the brand goal" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,182.32,317.13,107.68,8.77">(Punjaisri et al. 2009, p. 213)</ref>. Employees with the highest levels of commitment perform 20% better than other employees and are 87% less likely to leave the organization <ref type="bibr" coords="5,142.39,350.01,67.30,8.77" target="#b37">(Lockwood 2007)</ref>, indicating that committed employees are loyal to their organization.</p><p>Employee loyalty. Employee loyalty can motivate an employee to do work for an organization beyond what is expected for their role, and employees who are loyal to their organizations meet customers' needs and deliver high levels of customer service <ref type="bibr" coords="5,192.75,415.78,54.25,8.77" target="#b49">(Schrag 2009</ref>). Furthermore, studies have offered that positive employee work attitudes translate into greater loyalty and satisfaction among customers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,132.61,448.66,108.91,8.77" target="#b3">(Allen and Grisaffe 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Employee performance. Employee performance has a significant impact on a firm's customers. Employees work toward customer satisfaction because it is more profitable to retain existing customers than to attract new customers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,54.94,503.48,82.83,8.77" target="#b46">(Reinartz et al. 2005)</ref>. Employees are service differentiators who are expected to consistently deliver positive service attitude, which makes them a source of competitive advantage for firms <ref type="bibr" coords="5,129.11,536.31,138.02,8.77" target="#b23">(Harris and De Chernatony 2001)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Effect of EE on CE</head><p>Companies can leverage CE if they have a great workforce that interacts with the customer. Interactions between customers and employees contribute to perceptions about the firm <ref type="bibr" coords="5,261.21,596.63,32.86,8.77;5,54.93,607.63,44.35,8.77" target="#b51">(Sirianni et al. 2013)</ref>, which affects repeat-customer purchases. These perceptions lead to attitudinal and behavioral outcomes, which can affect the firm either positively or negatively, by affecting both purchases and the referrals, influence, and knowledge that customers provide to the firm. A positive interaction between customers and employees might motivate how customers talk about the brand and recommend it to their friends and relatives. These ideas indicate that CE is affected by the behavior of the employees toward the customer. Therefore, we make the following hypothesis within the engagement framework: H 1 : EE positively affects CE.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MODERATORS Employee Empowerment</head><p>In changing times, firms focus on employee empowerment to enhance their performance <ref type="bibr" coords="5,461.27,95.51,95.82,8.77;5,317.93,106.51,22.06,8.77" target="#b52">(Spreitzer and Doneson 2005)</ref>. Empowerment permits employees, rather than waiting for approval from a supervisor, to make decisions on their own regarding service problem recovery and to surprise and delight customers by exceeding their expectations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,525.66,139.33,31.40,8.77;5,317.93,150.33,69.60,8.77" target="#b9">(Bowen and Lawler 1995)</ref>. Empowerment enhances the relationship between employees and customers because an empowered employee is in a better position to engage and deliver firm value to customers.</p><p>The responses of employees who interact with customers heavily influence customer perceptions of service quality <ref type="bibr" coords="5,350.92,216.10,112.04,8.77" target="#b16">(Chebat and Kollias 2000)</ref>. The interactions between customers and service providers are more positive when the employees are engaged because their performance is at peak <ref type="bibr" coords="5,395.23,248.98,112.78,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2014)</ref>. These interactions should be further enhanced if the employees of the organization are empowered. Empowering employees involves moving decision-making authority down the organizational hierarchy, granting employees the ability to significantly affect organizational outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="5,524.25,303.75,32.79,8.77;5,317.93,314.69,22.57,8.77" target="#b40">(Menon 2001)</ref>, increase participation, and provide information and resources <ref type="bibr" coords="5,378.36,325.69,52.81,8.77" target="#b30">(Kanter 1983</ref>). Empowered employees not only feel confident and in control of their environment <ref type="bibr" coords="5,317.93,347.57,51.78,8.77" target="#b26">(House 1988</ref>) but also provide friendlier customer service <ref type="bibr" coords="5,317.93,358.57,112.54,8.77" target="#b35">(Lawler and Cohen 1992)</ref> and take pride in producing superior-quality products. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 2 : Employee empowerment enhances the effect of EE on CE.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Service Versus Manufacturing</head><p>The relationship between the customer and the service provider is a central feature that distinguishes production-level service activities from manufacturing <ref type="bibr" coords="5,479.20,453.41,46.53,8.77" target="#b5">(Batt 2000)</ref>. In the manufacturing sector, the work routines of employees are standardized and the options for customers are also standardized. This leaves very little chance for customer-employee interaction in the manufacturing sector. However, an engaged employee ensures smooth functioning of the manufacturing cycle and ensures that the defects are identified immediately, thus reducing costs for the company.</p><p>In the service sector, customers interact with the firm at every touch point, and the employees' attitudes and behaviors can significantly affect customers' perceptions of the service <ref type="bibr" coords="5,380.84,574.00,57.87,8.77" target="#b7">(Bitner 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,442.59,574.00,109.89,8.77" target="#b16">Chebat and Kollias 2000)</ref>. These perceptions are positive only if the employee is engaged and ensures that the customer has the best service experience. Customer perceptions might affect not only customer purchases but also customers' willingness to refer the brand, discuss the brand, or provide feedback to the company. Therefore, we hypothesize the following:</p><p>H 3 : The effect of EE on CE is stronger in the service sector than in the manufacturing sector.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>B2B Versus B2C</head><p>In a B2B environment, the nature and circumstances of customers are different than in a B2C environment. In a B2B environment, an organization is the customer, and it spends large amounts of money in the purchase of products and services, unlike in a B2C environment. The relationships between B2B firms are complex, interpersonal, and interdependent <ref type="bibr" coords="6,98.19,97.95,59.77,8.77" target="#b56">(Webster 1978)</ref>, wherein the seller can be one or more individuals in the organization, including senior executives <ref type="bibr" coords="6,79.73,119.89,47.79,8.77" target="#b4">(Ames 1970)</ref>. The focus of all the parties and their communication efforts is toward relationship building between buyers and sellers (at a micro level) and between firms (at a macro level). In a B2B environment, the interaction between customers and employees is the key factor in influencing consumer decisions. Therefore, in a B2B environment, the employee's attitude, behavior, and knowledge can be key differentiating factors for the firm.</p><p>In B2C firms, the focus is on volume sales and market share. Therefore, the communication efforts involve advertising, sales promotion, public relations, and so on, to reach a large market <ref type="bibr" coords="6,70.13,240.42,109.40,8.77" target="#b18">(Coviello and Brodie 2001)</ref>. Although there are one-toone relationships in the B2C marketplace, in the majority of interactions, the employee is not the key factor in the customer's decision-making process. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 4 : The effect of EE on CE is stronger for B2B than for B2C firms.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONSEQUENCES OF ENGAGEMENT CE and Firm Performance</head><p>As discussed earlier, engagement comprises CE and EE. If both the customers and employees are engaged with the firm, then the firm's performance is positively affected <ref type="figure" coords="6,252.11,382.38,34.92,8.77" target="#fig_2">(Figure 3</ref>). For example, if a customer is engaged with the firm, the customer will make purchases from the firm, which directly contributes to firm revenue , and will also provide referrals, which impact firm profitability. Customer conversations about a brand on social media can create a ripple effect to a wide group of customers <ref type="bibr" coords="6,192.02,448.14,102.02,8.77;6,54.94,459.14,20.78,8.77" target="#b25">(Hogan, Lemon, and Libai 2003)</ref>, inducing a larger audience to transact the firm. The feedback/suggestions provided by a customer can indirectly contribute to firm profits, and the resulting improved products/ services might be expected to appeal to many more customers than before, thereby bringing more profits to the firm. From these ideas we can conclude that all the components of CE contribute to a firm's profitability.</p><p>Engaged customers also contribute to the long-term reputation and recognition of a brand <ref type="bibr" coords="6,477.21,119.89,79.86,8.77;6,317.93,130.83,68.23,8.77" target="#b55">(Verhoef, Reinartz, and Krafft 2010)</ref>. Creating an environment in which customers are more engaged with the company can require initial investment, but it has the potential to generate higher profits in the long run through the creation of CE <ref type="bibr" coords="6,517.84,163.72,39.20,8.77;6,317.93,174.66,107.40,8.77" target="#b55">(Verhoef, Reinartz, and Krafft 2010)</ref>. Therefore, we hypothesize the following:</p><p>H 5 : CE positively influences firm performance.</p><p>Service versus manufacturing. In the service sector, customers contribute to service quality through their roles as coproducers of the firm's service and consultants to the organization, whereas while buying a product, customers might have little or no interaction with the firm. Thus, customers have higher association with a firm in a service interaction than when buying a product. Customers' cooperation during a service encounter contributes to their own and others' satisfaction with service quality <ref type="bibr" coords="6,526.36,306.18,30.66,8.77;6,317.94,317.12,76.52,8.77" target="#b39">(Martin and Pranter 1989)</ref>. E-commerce has ensured that most products are available online, and the interaction with the firm during online purchases is minimal. However, customer interaction with service firms remains important when a customer avails a firm's services. This interaction creates impressions that consumers might talk about, online or offline.</p><p>Furthermore, in the service sector, because the customer interacts with the service provider, the ability to fix a problem is immediate. For example, if a consumer requests a nonsmoking room in a hotel but is provided a smoking room, the problem can be fixed immediately by interacting with the service provider. Thus, the firm has the opportunity for higher revenue than if it were not able to fix the problem immediately. When a consumer buys a product that turns out to be defective, for example, the consumer has to contact the manufacturer and perhaps wait a long time before getting a response. These examples highlight the fact that customers are more involved with service firms than manufacturing firms and therefore might talk more about services firms and provide instant feedback. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 6 : The effect of CE on firm performance is stronger for service firms than for manufacturing firms.</p><p>B2B versus B2C. The logic or rationale behind performance gains varies widely across different organizations and industries <ref type="bibr" coords="7,117.53,174.20,46.63,8.77" target="#b5">(Batt 2000)</ref>. In the B2B environment, the size of a transaction among firms is considerably larger than those of B2C firms. As stated earlier, in a B2B environment, the organization is a customer and spends large amounts of money to purchase products and services, unlike in a B2C environment. In B2C firms, the focus is on volume sales and market share. Furthermore, in the B2B sector, relationships are driven by the sales force, and each customer has a point person who has in-depth knowledge of the customer's requirements and the potential challenges. This structure ensures that customers' needs are met and problems are addressed quickly. Although the pool of people a firm can impact in a B2B scenario is smaller, the transaction value is much larger, compared with B2C. Therefore, the revenue a firm receives per customer is higher in B2B. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 7 : The effect of CE on firm performance is stronger for B2B firms than for B2C firms.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>EE and Performance</head><p>Employees are sustainable service differentiators who are expected to consistently deliver positive attitude, which makes employees a resource for competitive advantage of firms <ref type="bibr" coords="7,128.41,447.63,142.49,8.77" target="#b23">(Harris and De Chernatony 2001)</ref>. Engaged employees have a lower level of attrition, thereby reducing turnover costs for the employer. Moreover, engaged employees treat the organization as their own and, therefore, do not require extensive training and orientation on a repeated basis, thereby reducing training expenses for the firm. Engaged employees are also proactive; they work efficiently and effectively, thereby reducing personnel costs to the firm. These cost reductions can contribute to increase a firm's performance measure. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 8 : EE positively affects firm performance.</p><p>Service versus manufacturing. In service firms, employees are the service differentiators and a source of competitive advantage <ref type="bibr" coords="7,98.25,613.06,135.16,8.77" target="#b23">(Harris and De Chernatony 2001)</ref>. It is their interaction with the customer that creates brand perceptions for customers. Although employees are important in ensuring a smooth workflow in the manufacturing sector, it is the machines and the technology that are the competitive advantage of manufacturing firms. Having a great product is necessary but might not be a sufficient condition for firm success. Engaged employees focus on ensuring that their customers have positive interactions (especially in service firms) with the firm by addressing customer concerns in the best possible manner. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 9 : The effect of EE on firm performance is stronger for service firms than for manufacturing firms.</p><p>B2B versus B2C. As stated earlier, the sales force is responsible for the interactions between the service provider and the customer in a B2B firm. The number of customers is limited in a B2B industry, and the service provider's focus is on ensuring a smooth relationship with every customer because each customer has a higher transaction value than in a B2C firm. Furthermore, in a B2B environment, each employee is responsible for taking care of a set of customers. The employees are expected to have complete knowledge of the customers' businesses and ensure that all their business needs (i.e., those addressed by the firm) are met. In a B2C firm, the employee cannot be the reason for the relationship between the firm and the customer; the product or service offered by the firm creates this relationship. The pool of customers is large, and the employee-customer interaction is low, as compared with a B2B firm. Therefore, we hypothesize the following; H 10 : The effect of EE on firm performance is stronger for B2B firms than for B2C firms.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CE Versus EE</head><p>As discussed, both CE and EE affect firm performance. However, the impact of CE should be stronger than the impact of EE on firm performance because CE is a revenuegenerating measure and EE is a cost-saving measure. For example, CE contributes directly to a firm's profits through purchases and customer referrals, whereas EE reduces employee turnover and absenteeism <ref type="bibr" coords="7,474.24,381.47,82.80,8.77;7,317.93,392.41,52.90,8.77" target="#b21">(Fisher, Locke, and Henne 1992)</ref> and increases quality of work <ref type="bibr" coords="7,500.60,392.41,56.44,8.77;7,317.93,403.35,47.77,8.77" target="#b50">(Silvestro and Cross 2000)</ref>, thus reducing costs. The reduction in cost is typically lower than the profits generated through purchases, referrals, influence, and feedback. Therefore, we hypothesize the following: H 11 : The effect of CE on firm performance is stronger than that of EE. 5</p><p>Next, we discuss the process of scale development for measuring CE and for refining the scale for measuring EE. We provide details on data collection, scale validation, and reliability.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESEARCH METHODOLOGY</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>In this section, our purpose is to develop a comprehensive measure of engagement. We focus on the domain of the construct, item generation, and item purification. For the purpose of having a comprehensive index for engagement, we develop survey measures for CE (Study 1) and refine existing scales for EE (Study 2). The CE scale measures the levels of connectedness among customers and between customers and the firm. Similarly, the EE scales measure the level of connectedness of employees with customers and of employees with the firm (according to the definition of engagement).</p><p>Although there are existing measures for different components of CE, they are all metrics, which require customer <ref type="bibr" coords="7,325.93,714.57,2.99,5.26">5</ref> We suggest this because it is a comparative relationship between CE and EE. The same is not shown in <ref type="figure" coords="7,417.94,723.97,26.06,7.01" target="#fig_2">Figure 3</ref>. level and customer interaction data (Fader and Hardie 2010). Because there are no readily available survey measures for CE, we develop a new survey-based measure for CE. However, for the EE measure, we review the survey measures from <ref type="bibr" coords="8,267.02,87.01,27.12,8.77;8,54.94,97.95,71.98,8.77">Kumar and Pansari (2014)</ref>, and we refine them for our context of the study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 1: CE</head><p>In Study 1, we develop new measures for each of the four dimensions of CE. Following the framework proposed by <ref type="bibr" coords="8,54.94,163.88,67.72,8.77" target="#b17">Churchill (1979)</ref>, we generated an item pool for each dimension. We used the literature in CE (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,247.31,174.82,46.80,8.77;8,54.94,185.77,40.96,8.77" target="#b54">Van Doorn et al. 2010</ref>) as guidance to develop the item pool and refine the items. A questionnaire containing 24 items resulted. In April 2013, we administered this 24-item questionnaire through a personal survey, for comprehension, logic, and relevance. The test pool consisted of 135 customers of a mobile service provider in in a large U.S. city. We examined the reliability coefficient, Cronbach's alpha, and used exploratory factor analyses to purify our scales. We discarded eight items because of the low item-to-total correlations and the factor loadings, using a cutoff value of .7 for both. This resulted in choosing a 16-item survey for measuring CE (see <ref type="table" coords="8,397.60,97.95,29.46,8.77" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>). The items are to be measured on a five-point Likert scale (1 = "strongly disagree," and 5 = "strongly agree").</p><p>We presented the modified 16-item survey to a panel of six academic experts at a large international conference, and we obtained their feedback. More than a dozen managers (from a CMO round table discussion) also reviewed the survey for its nomological validity.</p><p>Given the overall consensus from the experts and the executives, the final set of items was administered through a personal survey in June 2013, with 300 customers of a mobile service provider in a large U.S. city. The questionnaires were provided by the mobile service company at one of its retail outlets. We conducted an exploratory factor analysis of participants' responses; values of Cronbach's alpha were generally in the range of .80-.90 for the four dimensions of CE, as shown in <ref type="table" coords="9,64.74,65.07,28.00,8.77" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>. We tested the discriminant validity of the items for all the constructs and found the correlations to be less than .3 for all the items; the average variances extracted were between .66 and .77. Thus, these low to moderate values of correlation provide the needed support for the test of discriminant validity <ref type="bibr" coords="9,54.94,119.89,54.61,8.77" target="#b13">(Carless 2004)</ref>. The refined scales generally have good to high reliability coefficients that exceed the levels recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,54.94,141.83,64.55,8.77" target="#b43">Nunnally (1978)</ref>. The overall Cronbach's alpha for the CE measure was .786. Additional questions were asked to gather information on customer demographics, their service provider, and the number of years they have been transacting with the company. We conceptualized CE as a second-order construct consisting of four dimensions: customer purchases, customer references, customer influence, and customer knowledge/ feedback. The items in the customer purchases dimension reflect the attitudes and behaviors of the customer toward a customer's current and future purchases of the brand. Customer reference items reflect the reason that customers refer the brand to their friends. The four customer influence items measure whether customers discuss this brand on various platforms. Customer knowledge items record the extent to which a firm facilitates its customers to share feedback on its products and services with the firm and among customers, and to participate actively in designing products and services.</p><p>To estimate the measurement model for the proposed CE construct, we collected additional data from multiple populations. We discuss the sample characteristics and the data collection next.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample Characteristics and Data Collection for Study 1</head><p>The respondents in Study 1 were customers of various organizations who have been transacting with their respective firms for an average of approximately five years. We did not constrain the sample to specific industries in the interest of generalizability of our findings. The study was conducted (1) on Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk), from which we collected 475 responses regarding various telecom firms; (2) in person, with 118 customers (who work full-time) at a public function; and (3) at a major urban university, with 169 executive MBA students. All the respondents were rewarded for their participation in the study, with financial incentives for MTurk respondents, entry in a prize drawing for regular households, and extra credit for student participation.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 2: EE</head><p>The survey items used to measure EE were adapted and refined from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,110.36,602.13,109.53,8.77">Kumar and Pansari (2014)</ref>. The authors develop an extensive set of survey items with the help of literature review and managerial interviews. The items are measured on a five-point scale ranging from 1 = "strongly disagree" to 5 = "strongly agree." Kumar and Pansari tested the items in both developed and emerging markets. Thus, it is suitable for us to use this set of items for our current study, with a few of the items reworded for clarity and relevance, to avoid any ambiguity (as discussed subsequently). We added two additional questions to elicit information on the company and the managerial position of the employees.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample Characteristics and Data Collection for Study 2</head><p>To ensure that the survey could be used with our sample, we pretested the EE survey items of <ref type="bibr" coords="9,477.18,80.60,79.83,8.77;9,317.93,91.54,26.34,8.77">Kumar and Pansari (2014)</ref> with 180 employees of various managerial levels on MTurk. We reworded the items to make them more personalized, on the basis of our survey results and the feedback provided by the respondents. For example, "The organization is like a family to me" was changed to "My organization is like a family to me." We also changed "Provides an orientation program which inspires me to appropriately deliver the brand promise" to "Provide an induction program which inspires me to appropriately deliver the brand promise," because the word orientation was not clear to the respondents.</p><p>On the basis of the feedback from our pretest, we modified the final set of items and administered the finalized survey to 750 employees of Fortune 500 companies, through a link sent to the human resources (HR) managers of 30 such companies. The Cronbach's alpha for all the EE measures was between .8 and .9, as shown in <ref type="table" coords="9,449.68,266.90,30.03,8.77" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>. The overall scale reliability was .951.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Employee Empowerment</head><p>The measure of employee empowerment was adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,317.93,324.89,54.97,8.77" target="#b40">Menon (2001)</ref>. It is assessed on a five-point Likert scale that ranges from 1 = "strongly disagree" to 5 = "strongly agree." The items measure the extent to which employees influence the decisions made in their department, as well as the important responsibilities they have in their department. These questions were administered along with the EE survey, for the ease of the respondents. Employee empowerment was measured only for employees whose tasks were relevant. Because it was part of the EE questionnaire, the sample for the pretest and the analysis are the same for empowerment as for EE. The overall reliability of the scale was .701.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ANALYSIS AND RESULTS</head><p>We examined all scale items and reverse-coded data when applicable to reflect the proposed directions. We used SAS software, version 9.4, and Amos, version 22, to conduct the analyses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 1: CE</head><p>The construct of CE is a second-order construct, and its four dimensions (customer purchases, referrals, influence, and knowledge) are first-order factors measured through their respective indicators. We conducted a confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) of this hierarchical model. The second-order CFA model fit was deemed acceptable on the basis of a battery of fit indices ðc 2 Þ = 539:913, d.f. = 118; goodness-of-fit index (GFI) = .92; Tucker-Lewis index (TLI) = .914. The path coefficients between the indicators and their respective first-order factors were significant at the a = .05 level. In addition, all the path coefficients between the second-order construct and its four dimensions were significant at the a = .05 level.</p><p>We also examined the second-order factor structure by conducting a one-factor CFA on the average scores of the four first-order constructs (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="9,449.29,700.77,103.38,8.77" target="#b28">Jayachandran et al. 2005)</ref>. The model fit was c 2 = 1.238, d.f. = 2; GFI = .99. All the path coefficients were significant at the a = .05 level. Thus, consistent with common practice (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,216.00,295.30,78.07,8.77;11,54.94,306.24,22.01,8.77" target="#b28">Jayachandran et al. 2005)</ref>, we used the aggregated scale consisting of the average scores of the four dimensions of CE as indicators of CE for further analyses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 2: EE</head><p>The construct of EE is also a second-order construct, and its five components (satisfaction, identification, commitment, loyalty, and performance) are first-order factors measured by their respective indicators. We conducted a CFA of this hierarchical model. The second-order CFA model fit was deemed acceptable on the basis of a battery of fit indices ðc 2 Þ = 962:186, d.f. = 166; GFI = .912; TLI = .932. These fit indices are consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="11,170.93,437.76,103.10,8.77" target="#b27">Hu and Bentler's (1999)</ref> recommendation. The path coefficients between the items and their respective first-order factors were significant at the a = .05 level. In addition, all the path coefficients between the second-order construct and its five dimensions were significant at the a = .05 level.</p><p>As in Study 1, we examined the second-order factor structure by conducting a one-factor CFA on the average scores of the five first-order constructs (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,215.03,525.41,78.98,8.77;11,54.94,536.36,21.35,8.77" target="#b28">Jayachandran et al. 2005)</ref>. The model fit was c 2 = 59.534, d.f. = 5; GFI = .978. All the path coefficients were significant at the a = .05 level. Thus, consistent with common practice (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,216.40,558.29,77.67,8.77;11,54.94,569.24,21.05,8.77" target="#b28">Jayachandran et al. 2005)</ref>, we used the aggregated scale consisting of the average scores of the five dimensions of EE as indicators of EE for further analyses. Next, we discuss the implementation of the engagement framework to test our hypotheses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 3: Implementing the Engagement Framework</head><p>We chose large companies with more than 5,000 employees that had operations in the United States (because our study is restricted to the U.S. market). We obtained a list of 2,000 randomly selected large public firms listed in the U.S. stock exchange and the organizations' contacts from a trading firm. We reached out to the contacts by e-mails and a follow-up call, attempting to obtain further contacts in the HR and marketing departments and also to be introduced by the main contact as academics conducting a research study.</p><p>After making the initial calls to the 2,000 companies, we identified 432 companies that had the required resources to implement our suggested strategies in order to test our hypothesis. From these 432 companies, only 120 companies were willing to measure their level of engagement and to implement the suggested strategies for improving it. The 120 firms were grouped as 62 B2B and 58 B2C firms and as 52 manufacturing firms and 68 service firms. We measured the levels of both CE and EE at two different times (August 2013 and August 2014) for all the 120 companies in our sample. We did this to relate the difference in the components of the engagement scores to differences in performance measures and test our hypothesis.</p><p>To obtain measurements of engagement, we contacted the HR mangers of the 120 companies first in August 2013. The analysis for the survey was automated, and the companies received the final scores for each of their employees. The employees who participated in the survey were selected from all the major departments to create a representative sample. The average employee response rate across all companies in our sample was 67%, indicating that representativeness is not an issue. Each company sent a link for the customer survey to its customers, and the average customer response rate across all companies was 32%. Although this response rate is lower than that of the EE survey, we find it acceptable because it is higher than the normal response rate (e.g., 10%-20%; <ref type="bibr" coords="11,385.91,580.19,69.13,8.77" target="#b1">Aaker et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,456.95,580.19,82.11,8.77" target="#b20">Deutskens et al. 2004</ref>) for customer surveys. The average number of employees and the average number of customers across the four settings (B2B vs. B2C; manufacturing vs. service) exceeded 1,000. Furthermore, the comparison of descriptive statistics between nonrespondents and respondents among employees and customers provided confidence in our sample-based inferences. No significant deviations were observed between the nonrespondents and the respondents.</p><p>Most of the firms in the B2B category were multinational companies belonging to industries such as lightweight metals, technology, engineering, manufacturing parts, and chemicals. The B2B service companies included technology consulting services, computer hardware and software, maintenance services, data/call centers, marketing research and analytics firms, advertising agencies and media services, and others. In the B2C product scenario, the firms included mail-order retail companies and manufacturers of consumer products, electronics, furniture, and toys. The B2C service firms included mass media companies providing cable television, Internet, and/or telephone services; retail outlets; airlines; and rental businesses. <ref type="table" coords="12,64.91,141.83,30.49,8.77" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> provides the descriptive statistics on the average number of employees and customers surveyed, along with information on employee work experience and customer transaction duration. Because the engagement framework is a multidimensional framework, we do not create a single score for engagement, but, rather, we use the aggregate score of CE and EE to represent engagement in a firm. These scores are based on the number of questions in the questionnaire and the scale range of the items. The CE survey has 16 questions measured on a five-point Likert scale, so the score can range from 16 (16 × 1) to 80 (16 × 5). Similarly, the EE score ranges from 20 to 100 because its survey contains 20 questions measured on a five-point Likert scale. Although engagement is a continuous measure, in line with the preferences of the companies participating in the study, we present the scores as quartile classifications for ease of interpretation.</p><p>A score of 16-31 on CE and a score of 20-39 on EE indicate the lowest levels of engagement (which we call "disengaged") and imply that a firm needs to focus on enhancing every measure of CE and EE. Scores of 32-47 on CE scale and 40-59 on EE (which we call "somewhat engaged") indicate that customers and employees are relatively less engaged with a firm and that some of the factors of CE and EE require immediate attention. Scores of 48-63 on CE and 60-79 on EE (which we call "moderately engaged") represent a moderate level of CE and EE and indicate that although a firm's overall engagement is sufficient for smooth functioning of the organization, there is room for improvement in all aspects. Scores of 64-80 on CE and 80-100 on EE (which we call "superengaged") are the highest scores, which every firm should strive to achieve. They indicate that a firm has followed all the best practices, and its performance on EE and CE is at its peak. We sort scores into four categories on the basis of levels of CE and EE (the average scores are provided in <ref type="table" coords="12,327.58,87.02,27.65,8.77" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>): High-High (high on both CE and EE), High-Low (high on CE and low on EE), Low-High (low on CE and high on EE), and Low-Low (low on both CE and EE).</p><p>Given the various theoretical discussions on customer and employee engagement in our literature review and conceptual framework sections, we suggest specific strategies to help the companies in our study improve their levels of CE and EE and thus realize gains in performance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>High-High (High CE and EE) Segment</head><p>A firm should, ideally, strive to be in the High-High segment. This type of firm always works toward the best interests of its customers and employees. The employees of these firms perform to the best of their ability to deliver the organizational values to customers. The profits of such firms are expected to be higher than the profits of other firms in the industry that do not engage both customers and employees. As stated earlier, a firm benefits from being engaged with both its customers and its employees because employees contribute to firm profits through reduced cost and increased efficiencies <ref type="bibr" coords="12,427.07,306.24,107.71,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2015)</ref>, and customers contribute through purchases, incentivized referrals, social media influence, and customer feedback and knowledge <ref type="bibr" coords="12,366.21,339.07,57.02,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar 2013)</ref>. Furthermore, if employees are engaged, it contributes to firm performance directly, as well as indirectly, through influencing customer engagement. Thus, firms that are high on both CE and EE have the opportunity to realize the highest level of performance. Such firms should focus on retaining their existing employees and customers, to reap the long-term benefits of engagement <ref type="bibr" coords="12,370.44,415.83,55.33,8.77" target="#b6">(Bersin 2015)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>High-Low (High CE, Low EE) Segment</head><p>Firms in the High-Low segment utilize all their resources to maximize customer engagement by increasing their customer purchases, capitalizing on their referrals, optimizing their customer influence, and implementing their customer feedback and suggestions. The customers of these firms are completely engaged with the firm. Although these firms can be profit-making units, their profit potential might not be fully realized, in that they would have to incur expenses to regularly train their employees (partly due to attrition) to keep them motivated to perform their roles and responsibilities. Such firms should aim to move toward higher levels of EE by focusing on their employees. The managers should identify focal areas of employee development that require their immediate attention. The EE scale can help managers understand which aspects of EE are low, and they can then take appropriate actions for improvement. For example, if its employees are not satisfied, a firm could either assign work duties and responsibilities that correspond better with the skill sets of employees or provide continuous feedback to mentor its employees. Similarly, if employees do not identify with the company, the organization could provide mentorships and idea development programs in addition to reinforcing the organizational culture and values <ref type="bibr" coords="13,206.12,262.36,87.91,8.77;13,54.94,273.30,22.23,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2014)</ref>. Such activities would help the firm improve their EE score.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Low-High (Low CE, High EE) Segment</head><p>Firms in this segment typically focus on their employees but not on their customers. If a firm keeps investing in its employees without focusing on its customers, it might not be able to sustain its performance. One would not expect many firms in today's marketplace to fall into this category; however, for the few firms that do, managers should identify the focal areas of CE that require their immediate attention. This can be done by using the insights from our CE measurement, which can help firms understand which of the CE components they are lacking in. For example, if a firm is lacking in customer purchases due to lower cross-buy, it should ensure that it identifies and targets its customers who exhibit a potential to buy across more categories through evaluating past buying behavior, customer, and product characteristics. This would help the firm ensure that its overall CE also improves. Alternatively, if CE is low due to customers not referring the firm, appropriate incentive structure should be developed in the referral program. If the company does not have a referral program, it should think about starting one.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Low-Low (Low CE and EE) Segment</head><p>For firms in this segment, strategies are not geared toward profit improvement because both CE and EE are low. Given the typical resource constraints of firms, these firms should strive to improve contribution from customers first because it would help to improve profits, which then could be invested in the firms' employees. Firms should use the CE and EE measurements to obtain insights on the aspects in which they are lacking. For example, if a firm's customers are not talking about the firm on social media or offline (word of mouth), then the firm should invest in providing excellent service, offer referral incentives, and foster a relationship with customers, such that customers would discuss and/or recommend the firm among their friends and relatives. However, if the customers are not providing feedback to the firm on its products or services, then the firm should give its customers a choice of various feedback mechanisms (phone, e-mail, social media), acknowledge feedbacks, and provide rewards for the feedbacks implemented <ref type="bibr" coords="13,351.59,87.01,82.07,8.77" target="#b32">(Kumar et al. 2010)</ref>. These activities would help improve CE.</p><p>Similarly, if a firm identifies that its employees are not committed or loyal to the organization, it could review employees' work environment and performance incentives/ rewards/benefits structure to ensure that those factors do a good job of assuring employees that both their presence and their contributions are duly valued by the firm. In addition, the firm can undertake initiatives to convey the organizational goal, mission, and vision effectively to employees in a way that they begin to feel a sense of commitment to the organization's cause and purpose <ref type="bibr" coords="13,478.04,207.54,79.09,8.77;13,317.94,218.54,21.10,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2014)</ref>.</p><p>For employees who score low on loyalty, the firm can assist them in updating their knowledge and skills and present them with avenues for their individual growth. Organizations can also attempt to extend their relationships with employees beyond the work sphere by sponsoring initiatives and extracurricular activities that foster inclusion and participation of employees' families <ref type="bibr" coords="13,455.10,295.25,97.81,8.77">(Kumar and Pansari 2015)</ref>. These actions can help improve the level of engagement among a firm's employees.</p><p>In our study, after these suggested strategies were implemented for one year by the participating firms, we conducted another survey to measure and compare the levels of engagement. The same procedure of data collection from the first study was used for the second study. The average scores on CE and EE over the two time periods, along with the incremental performance in revenues and net income over this two-year period, are provided in <ref type="table" coords="13,464.54,404.84,28.68,8.77" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>. The data show that as engagement scores improve, firm performance also improves, indicating the usefulness of the recommended strategies.</p><p>We conduct a formal analysis to test the all of the proposed hypotheses. We test H 1-4 using the models specified in Equations 1-4 and the remaining hypotheses with models specified in Equations 5-8. We use a hierarchical linear regression model specification wherein the top level model relates mainly to EE, employee empowerment, and the interaction of EE and employee empowerment with CE. In the second level, the response coefficients for EE and the interaction effect are specified as a function of whether the firm is a B2B or B2C firm and whether it is a manufacturing or service firm. The data for firm performance (revenue and net income) were collected from the annual reports of the companies, thereby serving as objective measures of performance.</p><p>An expansion of the economy (higher GDP) would be equivalent with a higher average income <ref type="bibr" coords="13,509.84,613.06,47.27,8.77;13,317.94,624.00,24.01,8.77" target="#b8">(Blanchard 2006)</ref> and thus a higher average consumer budget <ref type="bibr" coords="13,529.80,624.00,27.28,8.77;13,317.94,634.95,82.01,8.77" target="#b22">(Frank and Enkawa 2008)</ref>, which would lead to higher consumer purchases and better firm performance. Therefore, we control for the growth in the economy over the period of our study using the GDP values for the two time periods. In order to account for unobserved fixed effects, we specify a difference model. Thus, the difference model captures the effect of changes in the input measures to the changes in the output measures. The model specifications are as follows:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="14,88.38,53.96,172.22,22.93">DCE i = a 0 + a 1i DEE i + a 2 DEEmp i + a 3i DEE i × DEEmp i + a 4 DGDP + e 0i ;</formula><p>(1)</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="14,54.93,87.75,226.31,76.22">a 1i = b 0 + b 1 B2B i + b 2 Service i + e 1 ; (2a) a 3i = g o + g 1 B2B i + g 2 Service i + e 2 ; (2b) DCE i = a 0 + ðb 0 + b 1 B2B i + b 2 Service i ÞDEE i + a 2 DEEmp i + ðg o + g 1 B2B i + g 2 Service i ÞDEE i × DEEmp i + a 4 DGDP + e i ; and</formula><p>(3)</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="14,54.93,175.73,227.61,50.71">DCE i = a 0 + b 0 DEE i + b 1 B2B i × DEE i + b 2 Service i × DEE i + a 2 DEEmp i + g o DEE i × DEEmp i + g 1 B2B i × DEE i × DEEmp i + g 2 Service i × DEE i × DEEmp i + a 4 DGDP + e i :<label>(4)</label></formula><p>Similar to the CE model, we specify a hierarchical linear model and then estimate a difference model for measuring the effect of engagement on performance. The model specifications are as follows:</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="14,54.93,288.78,231.46,96.68">DPerformance i = d 1 + d 2i DCE i + d 3i DEE i + d 4 DGDP + m 0i ; (5) d 2i = t 0 + t 1 B2B i + t 2 Service i + q 2 ; (6a) d 3i = r 0 + r 1 B2B i + r 2 Service i + q 3 ; (6b) DPerformance i = d 1 + ðt 0 + t 1 B2B i + t 2 Service i ÞDCE i + ðr 0 + r 1 B2B i + r 2 Service i ÞDEE i + d 4 DGDP + m i ; and<label>(7)</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="14,54.94,396.27,226.48,50.76">DPerformance i = d 1 + t 0 DCE i + t 1 B2B i × DCE i + t 2 Service i × DCE i + r 0 × DEE i + r 1 B2B i × DEE i + r 2 Service i × DEE i + d 4 DGDP + m i ,<label>(8)</label></formula><p>where • Performance t−1 = performance of the firm in the previous year, reflecting measures of both net income and revenue; • DEE i = change in EE between time t − 1 and time t for firm i; • DCE i = change in CE between time t − 1 and time t for firm i; • DEEmp i = change in employee empowerment between time t − 1 and time t for firm i; • DGDP = change in GDP between time t − 1 and time t;</p><p>• B2B i = 1 if firm i is a B2B firm and 0 if it is a B2C firm;</p><p>• Service i = 1 if firm i is a service firm and 0 if it is a manufacturing firm; and • e i and m i = error terms in the respective models.</p><p>The models were estimated in SAS version 9.4. The residuals were checked for heteroskedasticity and corrected using the appropriate weights (Proc GLM) to obtain the relevant parameter estimates. As expected, the coefficients for all the proposed relationships were positive and significant. <ref type="table" coords="14,353.93,224.32,30.82,8.77" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> displays the coefficient values along with their standard errors and levels of significance.</p><p>In the CE model (in which we analyze the effect of EE and employee empowerment on CE), after we control for economic growth, B2B vs. B2C, and manufacturing vs. service, the effect of EE on CE is significant (b 0 = :510; p &lt; .001), and the effect of the interaction between EE and employee empowerment on CE is also significant (g 0 = :401; p &lt; .001). Furthermore, the effects of both EE and employee empowerment on CE vary depending on whether the firm is B2B or B2C and whether it is a manufacturing or service firm. In other words, the interaction of EE with employee empowerment is stronger for B2B (vs. B2C; b 1 = .162; p &lt; .005) and service (vs. manufacturing; b 2 = .194; p &lt; .001) firms. These results support H <ref type="bibr" coords="14,360.06,392.57,3.82,5.84" target="#b0">[1]</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,363.87,392.57,3.82,5.84">[2]</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,363.87,392.57,3.82,5.84">[3]</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,367.69,392.57,3.82,5.84">[4]</ref> .</p><p>In the performance model, we analyze the effect of CE and EE on firm performance, after controlling for economic growth, B2B vs. B2C, and manufacturing vs. service. The effects of CE and EE are significant in both the models (revenue and net income) of performance (adjusted R 2 = .61 and .60 for CE and EE, respectively). In this model, the effect of CE on revenue and net income (t 0 = 0.631 and .622, respectively; both p &lt; .001) is stronger than the respective effect of EE (r 0 = 0.377 and .352, respectively; both p &lt; .001). This result is expected because customer purchases and actual referrals are two of the major contributors toward firms' revenue and net income. Furthermore, the interaction variables of CE and EE with B2B and service firms are also significant, as can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="15,168.54,130.83,28.54,8.77" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref>. In addition, CE and EE positively affect firm performance, and the magnitude of the effect of CE is greater than the magnitude of the effect of EE. These results support H 5-11 . In response to a suggestion of the review team, we also tested the interaction of EE and CE with performance measures; we found the effects to be positive but not significant in this study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>In this study, we offer a framework that firms can use to evaluate the engagement of their customers and employees.</p><p>Our study also provides a strong theoretical rationale and empirical evidence for the positive impact of high engagement scores on firm performance. Although we argue specifically for the effect of engagement on firm performance, the process should be continuous to include the feedback loop of firm performance affecting branding activities and employee training interventions to make the implementation of engagement sustainable. Our study highlights the fact that a firm's levels of engagement can be improved by identifying implementing relevant strategies. The scales measuring CE and EE help firms to allocate their resources only to those components that need immediate attention, according to their scores.</p><p>The engagement framework is effective even in a recessional economy. Firms can ensure sustained profits if both their customers and employees are engaged. In a recessional period, firms face budgetary challenges that significantly affect their marketing plans, which affect their levels of brand awareness and adoption. During this period, firms can mitigate the risks posed by the dents in their marketing budgets if they have a highly engaged employee base that promotes the firm's brand and its products/ services to its customers. This strategy would ensure delivery of a superior customer experience, thereby increasing customer purchases, influence, and referrals-all without any additional marketing investments.</p><p>To make the implementation of the engagement framework sustainable, we need to understand a firm's perspective of engaging both the customers and the employees. The engagement framework can help firms understand what the customers and employees think of the firm. This can help a firm design its orientation in the long run. Orientation of a firm reflects the organizational culture and determines the firmlevel interactions with customers and competitors <ref type="bibr" coords="15,264.70,620.49,29.36,8.77;15,54.94,631.49,97.02,8.77" target="#b42">(Noble, Sinha, and Kumar 2002)</ref>. We conducted interviews in 2013 with middle-level and top-level managers who had decisionmaking power in their organizations, to investigate whether there is an expectation of a new orientation in the field of marketing (details in the Appendix). The managerial interviews focused on answering the following questions:</p><p>Our discussions with the managers highlighted the need for a new strategic orientation that would focus not only on customers but also on employees. They further helped us understand that the marketplace is ready to embrace the next orientation, which could embed the engagement framework. There have been many orientations in the field of marketing, which have evolved according to the needs of the market, ranging from selling orientation to interaction orientation. The most recent popular orientation, market orientation <ref type="bibr" coords="15,352.86,196.94,106.26,8.77" target="#b31">(Kohli and Jaworski 1990)</ref>, emphasizes a need for customer focus by the complete organization and how knowledge is gained and disseminated throughout the organization to deliver superior customer value. It has been more than two decades since market orientation was conceptualized. Markets and organizational goals have changed a great deal since then, and the effects of market orientation on performance have faded over time <ref type="bibr" coords="15,526.39,273.64,30.58,8.77;15,317.93,284.58,44.37,8.77">(Kumar et al. 2011)</ref>.</p><p>Although the previous orientations in marketing, such as market orientation <ref type="bibr" coords="15,410.46,306.52,112.92,8.77" target="#b31">(Kohli and Jaworski 1990)</ref> and interaction orientation <ref type="bibr" coords="15,404.80,317.47,110.06,8.77" target="#b45">(Ramani and Kumar 2008)</ref>, have focused on the customers of the firm and the internal process of the organization, they have not focused on the different sustainable strategies of engaging both customers and employees. Therefore, we think the strategy of engagement could be a useful orientation for further research in that it would reflect customers' and employees' levels of connectedness with the firm and with one another. We suggest this new orientation could be termed "engagement orientation," and we define it as the process of embedding engagement in the organization as a policy decision and ensuring that all strategies of the organization focus on engaging the customers and the employees, along with value maximization for all stakeholders.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SCOPE FOR FURTHER RESEARCH</head><p>Using data from longer time periods, further research should focus on the time-varying effect of engagement on firm performance because it could provide additional insights into the effect of the engagement framework on performance after implementation of the recommended strategies. Furthermore, it would be useful to see how the items used to measure the proposed construct in our study apply to different countries and continents; the culture of a country could play a prominent role in the way customers and employees engage with a firm. Depending on the nature of the industry and the type of the firm, the relative impact of the components of CE and EE on performance could vary. Therefore, further research can focus on understanding the relative impacts of the individual components of CE and EE on firm performance. This would require a larger sample of companies across industries and types of firm. The results from this study would help firms reallocate their resources efficiently among the components of <ref type="bibr" coords="15,354.86,689.54,53.27,9.34">CE and EE. 6</ref> It would be worthwhile to investigate the impact of the engagement framework in nonprofit organizations (e.g., employee and donor engagement), which could help to increase volunteer participation and also ensure that employees stay enthused and committed to an organization's cause of raising funds. Finally, understanding the consequences of the engagement orientation on the different facets of firm operations such as innovation and new product development would also add to the knowledge base of marketing academics and practitioners.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPENDIX</head><p>We conducted interviews in 2013 with middle-level and top-level managers who had decision-making power in their organizations, to investigate whether there was an expectation of a new orientation in the field of marketing as a next possible step. These managers were from both B2B and B2C firms across the globe. We obtained a list of possible interview contacts through the executive development programs conducted by various universities. We attempted to contact each manager at least three times before pursuing the next contact. In all, we interviewed 26 managers in North America, 8 in South America, 14 in Europe, 10 in Asia, and 6 in South Africa. This total comprised 34 B2B managers and 30 B2C managers. We conducted open-ended, unstructured interviews, each lasting for 30-40 minutes. Almost 50% of the interviews were conducted over the phone; for the rest, the authors traveled to conduct them in person.</p><p>Because we had interviewed managers across different industries, the nature of the industry played an important role in the responses we received. In industries in which firms collected customer-level data, the focus was on customer-level strategies. In our sample, about 40% of firms focused on market orientation, 40% focused on customer orientation or interaction orientation, and the remaining 20% focused on innovation orientation because the industries they belonged to focused on mass markets. However, in the past five years, with the advent of virtual markets and social media, about 80% of interviewed firms wanted to incorporate social media and virtual markets into their existing strategies. It is surprising to note, however, that 50% of the firms had not changed their strategic orientation over the past 10 years, and only 30% of the firms were moving with the trend of the market and had been following their existing orientation for five or fewer years. Nevertheless, more than 75% of the firms were looking for a new orientation that would help them not only with sustained profitability but also with gaining a competitive advantage.</p><p>When we asked managers about the changes they wanted in their organizations, about 60% noted that they would like their employees to be better trained and more motivated. They also wanted to ensure higher employee retention because trained employees ensure that customers receive the best service experience, and hiring and training new employees is time consuming. They advocated empowering employees with authority to make critical decisions to ensure a consistent, efficient, and smooth product quality/ service environment throughout the company. One manager from a leading multinational company commented, "Just like customers, retaining productive employees is more beneficial than hiring new employees." More than 70% of the managers also observed that employees of the firm are the key resources for the smooth functioning of the firm and for achieving its goal of maximizing profitability. Many also observed that engaging customers and employees has been the point of discussion in recent press reports and that their potential benefits to firms have been highlighted extensively. Thus, they would also like to formulate strategies that could help them adapt the culture of engaging both customers and employees.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="3,287.66,54.13,36.68,9.34"><head>Figure 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="4,287.66,54.13,36.68,9.34;4,209.59,67.53,192.90,7.48"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Figure 2 ENGAGEMENT FRAMEWORK WITH MODERATORS</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="6,287.66,505.07,36.68,9.34;6,222.07,518.46,167.87,7.48"><head>Figure 3 LINKING</head><label>3</label><figDesc>ENGAGEMENT TO PERFORMANCE</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="8,54.93,282.66,502.21,441.85"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>RESULTS OF CONFIRMATORY FACTOR ANALYSIS FOR CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT</figDesc><table coords="8,54.93,319.70,502.21,404.81">Indicator 
Direction Construct Estimate 

Standardized 
Estimate 
SE p 

Factor Loadings 

Customer 
Purchases 

Customer 
Reference 

Customer 
Influence 

Customer 
Knowledge 

Purchases (CLV) 
← 
CE 
2.192 
.91 
.165 .00 
Referrals (CRV) 
← 
CE 
1 
.757 
.123 .00 
Influence (CIV) 
← 
CE 
1.392 
.812 
.136 .00 
Knowledge (CKV) 
← 
CE 
1.784 
.872 
.157 .00 
I will continue buying the products/services of 
this brand in the near future. 

← 
CLV 
1 
.968 
.86 

My purchases with this brand make me content. 
← 
CLV 
.992 
.978 
.028 .00 
.90 
I do not get my money's worth when I purchase 
this brand. 

← 
CLV 
.977 
.957 
.033 .00 
.81 

Owning the products/services of this brand 
makes me happy 

← 
CLV 
1.014 
.978 
.029 .00 
.86 

I promote the brand because of the monetary 
referral benefits provided by the brand. 

← 
CRV 
1 
.882 
.78 

In addition to the value derived from the 
product, the monetary referral incentives also 
encourage me to refer this brand to my friends 
and relatives. 

← 
CRV 
1.023 
.944 
.049 .00 
.88 

I enjoy referring this brand to my friends and 
relatives because of the monetary referral 
incentives. 

← 
CRV 
.98 
.955 
.045 .00 
.91 

Given that I use this brand, I refer my friends and 
relatives to this brand because of the 
monetary referral incentives. 

← 
CRV 
1.16 
.979 
.049 .00 
.95 

I do not actively discuss this brand on any 
media. 

← 
CIV 
1 
.895 
.78 

I love talking about my brand experience. 
← 
CIV 
.882 
.911 
.048 .00 
.81 
I discuss the benefits that I get from this brand 
with others. 

← 
CIV 
1.095 
.948 
.052 .00 
.88 

I am a part of this brand and mention it in my 
conversations. 

← 
CIV 
1.135 
.953 
.053 .00 
.89 

I provide feedback about my experiences with 
the brand to the firm. 

← 
CKV 
1 
.904 
.74 

I provide suggestions for improving the 
performance of the brand. 

← 
CKV 
.99 
.942 
.047 .00 
.84 

I provide suggestions/feedbacks about the new 
product/services of the brand. 

← 
CKV 
1.143 
.975 
.048 .00 
.88 

I provide feedback/suggestions for developing 
new products/services for this brand. 

← 
CKV 
1.237 
.953 
.056 .00 
.80 

Cronbach's alpha 
.879 
.874 
.810 
.83 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="10,54.93,54.13,502.20,659.56"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>RESULTS OF CONFIRMATORY FACTOR ANALYSIS FOR EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT</figDesc><table coords="10,54.93,91.12,502.20,622.57">Indicator 
Direction Construct Estimate 

Standardized 
Estimate 
SE p 

Factor Loadings 

Employee 
Satisfaction 

Employee 
Identification 

Employee 
Commitment 

Employee 
Loyalty 

Employee 
Performance 

Satisfaction 
← 
EE 
.63 
.932 
.026 .00 
Identification 
← 
EE 
.856 
.993 
.027 .00 
Commitment 
← 
EE 
.796 
.932 
.028 .00 
Performance 
← 
EE 
.533 
.723 
.03 .00 
Loyalty 
← 
EE 
1 
.904 
.034 .00 
I receive recognition for 
a job well done. 

← 
Satisfaction 
1 
.685 
.743 

I feel close to the people 
at work. 

← 
Satisfaction 
1.137 
.745 
.05 .00 
.812 

I feel good about 
working at this 
company. 

← 
Satisfaction 
1.313 
.824 
.053 .00 
.857 

I feel secure about my 
job. 

← 
Satisfaction 
1.061 
.643 
.054 .00 
.737 

I believe management is 
concerned about me. 

← 
Satisfaction 
1.137 
.653 
.057 .00 
.717 

I am proud to tell others 
that I am part of the 
organization. 

← 
Identification 1 
.8 
.816 

I feel a sense of 
ownership toward 
this organization. 

← 
Identification 1.034 
.766 
.036 .00 
.816 

My sense of pride 
toward the 
organizational brand 
is reinforced by its 
brand-related 
message. 

← 
Identification 
.961 
.747 
.035 .00 
.781 

I view the success of the 
brand as my own 
success. 

← 
Identification 1.019 
.776 
.035 .00 
.815 

The organization is like 
a family to me. 

← 
Identification 1.001 
.753 
.036 .00 
.788 

When I talk about this 
organization, I 
usually say "we" 
rather than "they." 

← 
Identification 
.935 
.712 
.036 .00 
.764 

When someone praises 
this brand, it feels 
like a personal 
compliment. 

← 
Identification 1.001 
.807 
.033 .00 
.838 

My commitment to 
deliver the brand 
increases along with 
my knowledge of the 
brand. 

← 
Commitment 1 
.791 
.843 

I am very committed to 
delivering the brand 
promise to our 
customers. 

← 
Commitment 
.922 
.811 
.032 .00 
.883 

This organization has 
a great deal of 
personal meaning 
for me. 

← 
Commitment 
.729 
.684 
.031 .00 
.818 

I will be happy to spend 
the rest of my career 
in this organization. 

← 
Loyalty 
1 
.786 
.00 
.862 

I do not have an 
intention to change 
to another 
organization at this 
moment. 

← 
Loyalty 
.928 
.75 
.036 .00 
.858 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="11,54.93,53.74,502.20,214.69"><head>Table 2 CONTINUED</head><label>2</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="11,54.93,90.72,502.20,177.70">Indicator 
Direction Construct Estimate 

Standardized 
Estimate 
SE p 

Factor Loadings 

Employee 
Satisfaction 

Employee 
Identification 

Employee 
Commitment 

Employee 
Loyalty 

Employee 
Performance 

My intention to stay is 
driven by the fact 
that I am competent 
in delivering the 
brand promise. 

← 
Loyalty 
.765 
.759 
.03 .00 
.834 

My performance in the 
last appraisal 
exceeded 
expectations. 

← 
Performance 1 
.697 
.875 

The amount of 
opportunity for my 
performance 
improvement at my 
organization is high. 

← 
Performance 
.986 
.761 
.056 .00 
.875 

Cronbach's alpha 
.83 
.91 
.80 
.81 
.70 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="12,54.94,525.53,501.03,198.82"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>IMPLEMENTING ENGAGEMENT: DESCRIPTIVE MEASURES FOR THE SURVEY DATA (AVERAGES OVER TWO TIME PERIODS)</figDesc><table coords="12,54.94,562.58,501.03,161.77">Type of Firm and 
Time Period 

CE per 
Firm 

EE per 
Firm 

Employee 
Empowerment 
per Firm 

Number of 
Employees 
per Firm 

Years 
of Work 
Experience 
per Firm 

Number of 
Customers 
per Firm 

Number of Years 
Customers 
Transacted 
with the Company 

Revenue 
Change 
per Firm 

Profit 
Change 
per 
Firm 

B2B Manufacturing 
1,122 
8.1 
596 
6.1 
+8.2% 
+23.8% 
T1 
36 
32 
6.4 
T2 
48 
44 
9.1 
B2B Service 
1,304 
7.7 
722 
7.2 
−5.2% 
−8.1% 
T1 
50 
60 
7.2 
T2 
43 
52 
7.1 
B2C Manufacturing 
1,286 
4.9 
1,816 
5.4 
+3.4% 
+9.2% 
T1 
55 
60 
6.6 
T2 
62 
67 
6.9 
B2C Service 
1,461 
5.6 
1,604 
3.2 
+5.6% 
+5.4% 
T1 
35 
36 
5.5 
T2 
41 
40 
5.7 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="14,54.93,489.87,502.22,241.11"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>STANDARDIZED PARAMETER ESTIMATES FOR LINKING EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT TO CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT AND ENGAGEMENT TO PERFORMANCEVariableEffect of EE on CEEffect of Engagement on Performance a H 11 is also supported when tested using the constrained F-test. **p &lt; .05. ***p &lt; .001. Notes: N.A. = not applicable.</figDesc><table coords="14,54.93,552.31,502.22,135.86">Increase in 
Customer Engagement a 
Hypothesis 
Supported? 
Increase in Revenue 

Increase in 
Net Income 
Hypothesis 
Supported? 

DEE 
.510*** 
H 1 
Yes 
.377*** 
.352*** 
H 8 
Yes 
DCE 
N.A. 
.631*** 
.622*** 
H 5 
Yes 
DEEmp 
.198*** 
N.A. 
N.A. 
DGDP 
.203** 
.217** 
.196** 
DEE × B2B 
.162** 
H 4 
Yes 
.108** 
.136** 
H 10 
Yes 
DCE × B2B 
N.A. 
.241*** 
.262*** 
H 7 
Yes 
DEE × Service 
.194** 
H 3 
Yes 
.142** 
.149** 
H 9 
Yes 
DCE × Service 
N.A. 
.281*** 
.302*** 
H 6 
Yes 
DEEmp × DEE 
.401*** 
H 2 
Yes 
N.A. 
N.A. 
DEEmp × DEE × B2B 
.138** 
N.A. 
N.A. 
DEEmp × DEE × Service 
.171** 
N.A. 
N.A. 
Adjusted R 2 
.52 
.61 
.60 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">See http://www.digitalservicecloud.com/resources/blog/customerengagement-statistics-chart.html.2 See http://iveybusinessjournal.com/publication/what-engages-employeesthe-most-or-the-ten-cs-of-employee-engagement/.3 See http://iveybusinessjournal.com/publication/what-engages-employeesthe-most-or-the-ten-cs-of-employee-engagement/.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">See http://www.digitalservicecloud.com/resources/blog/customerengagement-statistics-chart.html.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Competitive Advantage Through Engagement</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="6">We thank the participants at the 2015 research camp at Dartmouth College for these suggestions.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Copyright of Journal of Marketing Research (JMR) is the property of American Marketing</head><p>Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="15,91.50,702.56,189.72,8.97;15,83.11,713.33,146.44,7.89;15,83.11,723.31,184.89,7.89;15,346.11,54.10,188.98,7.89;15,346.11,64.08,185.35,7.89;15,346.11,73.27,210.92,8.97;15,354.56,84.03,176.06,7.89;16,406.38,174.71,62.22,8.77" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Is the firm following a specific strategic orientation? 2. If so, what orientation is it following? 3. How long has it been following this orientation?</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>4. What are the expected benefits of the orientation? 5. What are the realized benefits of the orientation? 6. Is the firm considering a different orientation to get ahead in building a sustainable competitive advantage? REFERENCES</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,189.83,239.11,7.89;16,326.95,200.31,230.10,7.89;16,326.95,210.75,29.36,7.89" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Aaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Leone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Marketing Research</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hoboken, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>11th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,221.23,239.09,7.89;16,326.95,230.88,230.13,8.97;16,326.95,242.15,230.16,7.89;16,326.95,252.58,163.65,7.89" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effect of Depression on Social Engagement in Newly Admitted Dutch Nursing Home Residents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wilco</forename><surname>Achterberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Annemarie</forename><surname>Pot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ada</forename><surname>Kerkstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marcel</forename><surname>Ooms</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martien</forename><surname>Muller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Miel</forename><surname>Ribbe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Gerontologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="231" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,262.28,239.10,8.97;16,326.95,273.50,230.11,7.89;16,326.95,283.99,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,294.42,59.78,7.89" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employee Commitment to the Organization and Customer Reactions: Mapping the Linkages</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Douglas</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Natalie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Grisaffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Resource Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,304.12,239.12,8.97;16,326.95,315.34,224.43,7.89" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Substance in Industrial Marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ames</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="102" />
			<date type="published" when="1970-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Trappings vs</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,325.04,239.18,8.97;16,326.95,336.26,230.18,7.89;16,326.95,346.75,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,357.18,55.42,7.89" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Segmentation in Front-Line Services: Matching Customers, Employees, and Human Resource Systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rosemary</forename><surname>Batt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Human Resource Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="540" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,366.88,239.08,8.97;16,326.95,378.10,185.31,7.89" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Becoming Irresistible: A New Model for Employee Engagement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bersin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Deloitte Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="146" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,387.80,239.09,8.97;16,326.95,399.08,230.12,7.89;16,326.95,409.51,148.52,7.89" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluating Service Encounters: The Effects of Physical Surroundings and Employee Responses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><forename type="middle">Jo</forename><surname>Bitner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="69" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1990-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,419.99,239.09,7.89;16,326.95,430.43,89.21,7.89" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Blanchard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Macroeconomics</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Prentice Hall</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed. Upper Saddle River</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,440.12,239.13,8.97;16,326.95,451.34,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,461.83,24.64,7.89" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Empowering Service Employees</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bowen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lawler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MIT Sloan Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,471.48,239.10,8.97;16,326.95,482.75,230.10,7.89;16,326.95,493.18,131.34,7.89" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Process of Customer Engagement: A Conceptual Framework</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jana</forename><surname>Bowden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lay-Hwa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Theory and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,502.88,239.15,8.97;16,326.95,514.10,230.04,7.89;16,326.95,524.59,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,535.02,108.21,7.89" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antecedents and Consequences of Salesperson Job Satisfaction: Meta-Analysis and Assessment of Causal Effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1993-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,544.73,239.12,8.97;16,326.95,555.95,230.05,7.89;16,326.95,566.44,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,576.87,47.38,7.89" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Engagement: Conceptual Domain, Fundamental Propositions, and Implications for Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brodie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hollebeek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Juric</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ilic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,586.57,239.13,8.97;16,326.95,597.79,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,608.27,230.18,7.89;16,326.95,618.71,63.30,7.89" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Discriminant Validity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Carless</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Sage Encyclopedia of Social Science Research</title>
		<editor>Methods, Michael S. Lewis-Beck, A. Bryman, and Tim Futing Liao</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Thousand Oaks, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="page">273</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,629.19,239.11,7.89;16,326.95,638.84,230.07,8.97;16,326.95,650.11,220.46,7.89" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employee Engagement: Boosting Productivity in Turbulent Times</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Catteeuw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eileen</forename><surname>Flynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Vonderhorst</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Development Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="151" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,660.54,239.11,7.89;16,326.95,670.24,230.09,8.97;16,326.95,681.46,230.09,7.89;16,326.95,691.95,20.17,7.89" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Orientation Structure for Internet-Based Business-to-Business Platform Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anindita</forename><surname>Chakravarty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alok</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajdeep</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2014-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,317.93,701.59,239.13,8.97;16,326.95,712.87,230.08,7.89;16,326.95,723.30,230.10,7.89" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Impact of Empowerment on Customer Contact Employees&apos; Roles in Service Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean-Charles</forename><surname>Chebat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Kollias</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="66" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,53.31,239.06,8.97;17,63.89,64.82,230.15,7.89;17,63.89,75.48,108.27,7.89" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Paradigm for Developing Better Measures of Marketing Constructs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gilbert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Churchill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1979-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,85.17,239.09,8.97;17,63.89,96.62,230.09,7.89;17,63.89,107.34,230.11,7.89;17,63.89,117.99,133.44,7.89" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contemporary Marketing Practices of Consumer and Business-to-Business Firms: How Different Are They?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicole</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Coviello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roderick</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brodie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business &amp; Industrial Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="382" to="400" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,127.69,239.09,8.97;17,63.89,139.20,230.13,7.89;17,63.89,149.86,109.74,7.89" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Engages Employees the Most, or, The Ten C&apos;s of Employee Engagement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dan</forename><surname>Crim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerard</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Sejits</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ivey Business Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="5" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,160.34,239.08,7.89;17,63.89,170.21,230.17,8.97;17,63.89,181.72,230.10,7.89;17,63.89,192.37,81.56,7.89" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response Rate and Response Quality of Internet-Based Surveys: An Experimental Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elisabeth</forename><surname>Deutskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ko</forename><surname>De Ruyter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Wetzels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Oosterveld</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Letters</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,202.07,239.14,8.97;17,63.89,213.52,230.18,7.89;17,63.89,224.24,230.10,7.89;17,63.89,234.89,230.21,7.89;17,63.89,245.61,58.14,7.89" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cynthia</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Edwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Locke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Henne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">The New Look in Job Satisfaction Research and Theory</title>
		<editor>C.J. Cranny, P. Cain Smith, and E.F. Stone</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Lexington Books</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="94" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Job Satisfaction: How People Feel About Their Jobs</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,255.25,239.07,8.97;17,63.89,266.75,230.15,7.89;17,63.89,277.41,77.71,7.89" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Economic Growth Affects Customer Satisfaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Björn</forename><surname>Frank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Takao</forename><surname>Enkawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Asia Pacific Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="531" to="575" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,287.11,239.09,8.97;17,63.89,298.56,230.12,7.89;17,63.89,309.27,115.13,7.89" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate Branding and Corporate Brand Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fiona</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leslie</forename><surname>De Chernatony</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3/4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="441" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,319.71,239.11,7.89;17,63.89,329.63,230.07,8.97;17,63.89,341.08,230.15,7.89;17,63.89,351.79,93.46,7.89" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Putting the Service Profit Chain to Work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Heskett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>James</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Earl</forename><surname>Loveman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leonard</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sasser</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schlesinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="116" />
			<date type="published" when="1994-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,362.22,239.11,7.89;17,63.89,372.15,230.12,8.97;17,63.89,383.60,94.55,7.89" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Is the True Value of a Lost Customer?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hogan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Lemon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barak</forename><surname>Libai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="196" to="208" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,393.30,239.10,8.97;17,63.89,404.75,230.16,7.89" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Power and Personality in Complex Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>House</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,414.45,239.11,8.97;17,63.89,425.89,230.08,7.89;17,63.89,436.61,230.14,7.89;17,63.89,447.27,140.19,7.89" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cutoff Criteria for Fit Indexes in Covariance Structure Analysis: Conventional Criteria Versus New Alternatives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Li</forename><forename type="middle">-</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equation Modeling: A Multidisciplinary Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,457.76,239.08,7.89;17,63.89,467.62,230.08,8.97;17,63.89,479.13,230.11,7.89;17,63.89,489.84,202.04,7.89" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Relational Information Processes and Technology Use in Customer Relationship Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Satish</forename><surname>Jayachandran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Subhash</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Kaufman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pushkala</forename><surname>Raman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="177" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,499.49,239.07,8.97;17,63.90,510.99,230.13,7.89;17,63.90,521.65,212.69,7.89" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Knowledge Development: Antecedents and Impact on New Product Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ashwin</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Joshi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sanjay</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="47" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,532.14,239.09,7.89;17,63.90,542.79,68.70,7.89" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Change Masters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rosabeth</forename><surname>Kanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Moss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<publisher>Simon &amp; Schuster</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,552.49,239.09,8.97;17,63.90,563.94,230.10,7.89;17,63.90,574.65,197.39,7.89" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Orientation: The Construct, Research Propositions, and Managerial Implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajay</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kohli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bernard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jaworski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="1990-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,54.94,585.09,239.10,7.89;17,63.90,595.80,141.91,7.89;17,54.94,605.44,239.07,8.97;17,63.90,616.95,162.64,7.89;17,54.94,626.59,239.08,8.97;17,63.90,637.30,230.08,8.97;17,63.90,648.75,230.16,7.89;17,63.89,659.47,127.94,7.89;17,54.94,669.11,239.08,8.97;17,63.89,680.61,129.92,7.89;17,54.94,690.48,239.10,8.97;17,63.89,701.14,230.10,8.97;17,63.89,712.64,230.11,7.89;17,63.89,723.30,190.93,7.89" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Undervalued or Overvalued Customers: Capturing Total Customer Engagement Value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">; L</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Aksoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Donkers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Venkatesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wiesel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tillmanns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>297-310. ---and Yashoda Bhagwat</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Creating a Measurable Social Media Marketing Strategy: Increasing the Value and ROI of Intangibles &amp; Tangibles for Hokey Pokey</title>
		<editor>Vikram Bhaskaran, Rohan Mirchandani, and Milap Shah</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Upper Saddle River, NJ; New Delhi</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="212" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Marketing Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,53.31,239.13,8.97;17,326.95,64.59,230.11,7.89;17,326.95,75.02,230.09,7.89;17,326.95,85.51,23.90,7.89;17,317.94,95.15,239.10,8.97;17,326.95,106.43,230.12,7.89;17,326.95,116.92,159.57,7.89;17,317.94,126.56,239.13,8.97;17,326.95,137.84,230.09,7.89;17,326.95,148.27,54.51,7.89" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is Market Orientation a Source of Sustainable Competitive Advantage or Simply the Cost of Competing?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
			<affiliation>
				<orgName type="collaboration">Anita Pansari</orgName>
			</affiliation>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
			<affiliation>
				<orgName type="collaboration">Anita Pansari</orgName>
			</affiliation>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Venkatesan</surname></persName>
			<affiliation>
				<orgName type="collaboration">Anita Pansari</orgName>
			</affiliation>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Leone</surname></persName>
			<affiliation>
				<orgName type="collaboration">Anita Pansari</orgName>
			</affiliation>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Customer Needs and Solutions</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>MIT Sloan Management Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.94,157.97,239.08,8.97;17,326.95,169.19,230.11,7.89;17,326.95,179.68,205.44,7.89;17,317.94,189.32,239.15,8.97;17,326.95,200.59,230.09,7.89;17,326.95,211.03,74.99,7.89;17,317.94,220.72,239.10,8.97;17,326.95,231.16,230.09,8.97;17,326.95,242.43,187.47,7.89" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Driving Profitability by Encouraging Customer Referrals: Who, When, and How</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Andrew</forename><surname>Petersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Leone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<editor>Rajkumar Venkatesan, Tim Bohling, and Denise Beckmann</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="585" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Marketing Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.94,252.08,239.10,8.97;17,326.95,263.35,230.11,7.89;17,326.95,273.78,75.72,7.89" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Designing Pay Systems for Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lawler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Compensation Association Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="19" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.94,283.48,239.12,8.97;17,326.96,294.70,230.12,7.89;17,326.96,305.19,160.65,7.89" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Responses to New Technologies and Their Impact on Firm Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ruby</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajdeep</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="157" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.94,314.83,239.11,8.97;17,326.96,326.11,230.09,7.89;17,326.95,336.55,155.15,7.89" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leveraging Employee Engagement for Competitive Advantage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nancy</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lockwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Society for Human Resource Management Research Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="12" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,346.25,239.09,8.97;17,326.95,357.47,230.12,7.89;17,326.95,367.95,153.90,7.89;17,317.93,377.60,239.10,8.97;17,326.95,388.87,230.06,7.89;17,326.95,399.30,230.07,7.89;17,326.95,409.79,23.50,7.89" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing&apos;s Credibility: A Longitudinal Investigation of Marketing Communication Productivity and Shareholder Value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xueming</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chitra Bhanu</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="70" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,419.49,239.06,8.97;17,326.95,430.71,230.07,7.89;17,326.95,441.20,216.61,7.89" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Compatibility Management: Customer-to-Customer Relationships in Service Environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pranter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Services Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,450.84,239.15,8.97;17,326.95,462.12,230.03,7.89;17,326.95,472.55,29.57,7.89" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employee Empowerment: An Integrative Psychological Approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sanjay</forename><surname>Menon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,483.04,239.10,7.89;17,326.95,492.68,230.10,8.97;17,326.95,503.96,230.12,7.89;17,326.95,514.39,230.10,7.89;17,326.95,524.88,101.63,7.89" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality and Civic Engagement: An Integrative Framework for the Study of Trait Effects on Political Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mondak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Matthew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Damarys</forename><surname>Hibbing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mitchell</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Canache</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Seligson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">104</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,534.52,239.13,8.97;17,326.95,545.80,230.06,7.89;17,326.95,556.23,230.22,7.89;17,326.95,566.72,99.64,7.89" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Orientation and Alternative Strategic Orientations: A Longitudinal Assessment of Performance Implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Noble</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Rajiv</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajith</forename><surname>Sinha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="2002-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,577.15,239.09,7.89;17,326.94,587.63,50.36,7.89" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jum</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Nunnally</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Psychometric Theory</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,598.07,239.21,7.89;17,326.94,607.76,230.17,8.97;17,326.94,618.99,224.43,7.89" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Internal Branding: An Enabler of Employees&apos; Brand-Supporting Behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Khanyapuss</forename><surname>Punjaisri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Heiner</forename><surname>Evanschitzky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Service Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="235" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,628.68,239.13,8.97;17,326.94,639.90,230.09,7.89;17,326.94,650.39,25.88,7.89" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interaction Orientation and Firm Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Girish</forename><surname>Ramani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,660.54,239.11,7.89;17,326.94,670.24,230.09,8.97;17,326.94,681.46,230.10,7.90;17,326.95,691.95,24.64,7.89" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Balancing Acquisition and Retention Resources to Maximize Customer Profitability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Reinartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacquelyn</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Werner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,317.93,701.60,239.13,8.97;17,326.95,712.87,230.09,7.89;17,326.95,723.31,29.12,7.89" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why Workers Still Identify with Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rousseau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Denise</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="217" to="250" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,54.94,54.10,239.06,7.89;18,63.89,63.80,230.16,8.97;18,63.89,75.02,117.11,7.89" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Referral Programs and Customer Value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philipp</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bernd</forename><surname>Skiera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christophe</forename><surname>Van Den Bulte</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="46" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,54.94,84.72,239.10,8.97;18,63.89,95.94,187.64,7.89" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Moral Significance of Employee Loyalty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><surname>Schrag</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Ethics Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,54.94,105.64,239.13,8.97;18,63.89,116.86,230.13,7.89;18,63.89,127.35,230.12,7.89;18,63.89,137.84,109.96,7.89" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Applying the Service-Profit Chain in A Retail Environment: Challenging the Satisfaction Mirror</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rhian</forename><surname>Silvestro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stuart</forename><surname>Cross</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Service Industry Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,54.94,148.27,239.11,7.89;18,63.89,157.97,230.22,8.97;18,63.89,169.19,230.22,7.89;18,63.89,179.68,138.59,7.89" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Branded Service Encounters: Strategically Aligning Employee Behavior with the Brand Positioning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nancy</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sirianni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jo</forename><surname>Mary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Bitner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naomi</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mandel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="108" to="131" />
			<date type="published" when="2013-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,54.94,189.32,239.12,8.97;18,63.89,200.59,230.12,7.89;18,63.89,211.03,230.16,7.89;18,63.89,221.51,177.49,7.89" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Musings on the Past and Future of Employee Empowerment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gretchen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Spreitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Doneson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of Organizational Development</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Thomas G. Cummings, ed. Thousand Oaks, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="311" to="335" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.94,54.10,239.11,7.89;18,326.95,63.80,230.08,8.97;18,326.95,75.02,230.10,7.89;18,326.95,85.51,131.85,7.89" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of Word-of-Mouth Versus Traditional Marketing: Findings from an Internet Social Networking Site</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Trusov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Randolph</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Michael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Koen</forename><surname>Bucklin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pauwels</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="102" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.93,95.94,239.09,7.89;18,326.95,105.64,230.09,8.97;18,326.95,116.86,230.06,7.89;18,326.95,127.34,200.85,7.89" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Engagement Behavior: Theoretical Foundations and Research Directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Van Doorn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Jenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vikas</forename><surname>Lemon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephan</forename><surname>Mittal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Doreen</forename><surname>Nass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Pick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pirner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.93,137.83,239.11,7.89;18,326.95,147.47,230.05,8.97;18,326.95,158.75,219.27,7.89" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Engagement as a New Perspective in Customer Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Verhoef</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Werner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Reinartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Krafft</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.93,168.39,239.24,8.97;18,326.95,179.67,172.55,7.89" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Management Science in Industrial Marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Webster</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="1978-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.93,190.10,239.13,7.89;18,326.95,200.59,223.91,7.89" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Our Common Future</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Commission on Environment and Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,317.94,211.02,239.13,7.89;18,326.95,221.52,175.11,7.89" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The End of Advertising as We Know It</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sergio</forename><surname>Zyman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Armin</forename><surname>Brott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hoboken, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
