<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Difficult People: Who Is Perceived to Be Demanding in Personal Networks and Why Are They There?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shira</forename><surname>Offer</surname></persName>
							<email>shira.offer@biu.ac.il</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Bar-Ilan University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">University of California</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Berkeley</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology and Anthropology, Bar-Ilan University</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>52900</postCode>
									<settlement>Ramat Gan</settlement>
									<country key="IL">Israel</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Difficult People: Who Is Perceived to Be Demanding in Personal Networks and Why Are They There?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">American Sociological Review</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="142"/>
							<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>/home/asr</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:12+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>difficult ties</term>
					<term>egocentric networks</term>
					<term>personal networks</term>
					<term>social demands</term>
					<term>social exchange</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Why do people maintain ties with individuals whom they find difficult? Standard network theories imply that such alters are avoided or dropped. Drawing on a survey of over 1,100 diverse respondents who described over 12,000 relationships, we examined which among those ties respondents nominated as a person whom they "sometimes find demanding or difficult." Those so listed composed about 15 percent of all alters in the network. After holding ego and alter traits constant, close kin, especially women relatives and aging parents, were especially likely to be named as difficult alters. Non-kin described as friends were less likely, and those described as co-workers more likely, to be listed only as difficult alters. These results suggest that normative and institutional constraints may force people to retain difficult and demanding alters in their networks. We also found that providing support to alters, but not receiving support from those alters, was a major source of difficulty in these relationships. Furthermore, the felt burden of providing support was not attenuated by receiving assistance, suggesting that alters involved in reciprocated exchanges were not less often labeled difficult than were those in unreciprocated ones. This study underlines the importance of constraints in personal networks.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In the development of social network analysis since the 1950s, researchers and popularizers have stressed the importance to individuals of egocentric networks as sources of emotional support, information, and material assistance in both mundane situations and emergencies. Also recognized, but trailing far behind in attention, is the importance of egocentric networks as sources of demands and difficulties. Scholars have noted that sometimes l'enfer, c'est les autres by showing that individuals are also connected to people who burden and stress them <ref type="bibr" coords="1,100.29,647.66,58.83,8.78" target="#b4">(Bertera 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,162.41,647.66,71.57,8.78;1,252.00,503.66,50.61,8.78" target="#b25">Durden, Hill, and Angel 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.99,503.66,103.48,8.78" target="#b62">Lee and Szinovacz 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,412.86,503.66,21.67,8.78;1,252.00,515.66,18.00,8.78" target="#b94">Rook 1984</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,279.58,515.66,18.22,8.78" target="#b95">Rook , 1989</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,307.26,515.66,54.52,8.78" target="#b114">Thomas 2010</ref>), but they have paid far less attention to difficult ties than to supportive or even weak ties (for an overview, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,66.79,67.32,62.39,8.78" target="#b55">Kadushin 2012)</ref>. The modest literature on difficult ties within networks, although alerting us to the complexities of relationships, insufficiently identifies who tends to be felt as difficult by whom and, more generally, insufficiently explains why individuals maintain such burdensome relationships. Studies of network formation, from either an agentic or a structural perspective, typically assume that difficult ties will be avoided and eventually dissolved <ref type="bibr" coords="2,91.44,187.32,96.66,8.78" target="#b50">(Harrigan and Yap 2017)</ref>, thus making their presence and persistence in networks a puzzle.</p><p>In this article, we use data from the first wave of the University of California Social Network Study (UCNets) to learn about the prevalence, attributes, and correlates of difficult ties. UCNets is an extensive egocentric network survey of some 1,150 adults in the greater San Francisco Bay Area. Respondents described their relationships with over 11,000 alters drawn from their answers to six nameeliciting questions asking about the people with whom they were involved in different spheres of activity. A major advantage of UCNets is that, in addition to these questions, the survey also asked respondents to name the people whom they found "demanding or difficult," thus allowing us to learn about the sources of burdens and difficulties in personal networks. We argue that individuals experience constraints that press them to continue engaging with others whom they would have preferred to avoid or to disengage from. Our study focuses on two types of constraints, role-and interaction-based, and examines their association with the likelihood that different alters will be named as participants in difficult ties in a network.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PrevIOuS reSeArCh ON DIFFICulT TIeS</head><p>The observation that individuals may have ties that are partly or even predominantly costly to them would not be striking to scholars who analyze whole networks, such as classrooms or work settings, where dislike, competition, and conflict are expected (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,186.45,643.32,47.54,8.78;2,252.00,67.32,59.48,8.78" target="#b30">Everett and Borgatti 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,316.13,67.32,94.22,8.78" target="#b68">Lyons and Scott 2012)</ref>. The bulk of theory and research on personal, or egocentric, networks, however, focuses on the supportive function of personal relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.00,115.32,147.10,8.78" target="#b16">(Cohen and Janicki-Deverts 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,405.28,115.32,29.23,8.78;2,252.00,127.32,26.97,8.78" target="#b35">Fischer 1982a;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,282.99,127.32,151.53,8.78" target="#b52">House, Umberson, and Landis 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.00,139.32,53.16,8.78" target="#b113">Thoits 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,310.62,139.32,119.63,8.78" target="#b123">Wellman and Wortley 1990)</ref>. These studies typically stress how family, friends, and even acquaintances assist respondents, connect them to various resources, and contribute to their physical and mental health. (For a representative overview of a vast literature, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,289.40,211.32,121.84,8.78" target="#b56">Kawachi and Berkman 2001.)</ref> Considerably less attention, however, has been given to the role and implications of difficult relationships.</p><p>Karen Rook is one of the few scholars to have addressed this issue. In her study of elderly women, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,316.25,283.32,45.47,8.78" target="#b94">Rook (1984</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,368.29,283.32,18.66,8.78" target="#b95">Rook ( , 1989</ref> found that the number of relationship burdens they reported affected the women psychologically more than did the number of supportive relationships they described (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="2,403.42,331.32,31.11,8.78;2,252.00,343.32,21.53,8.78" target="#b66">Lincoln 2000)</ref>. Importantly, she found that the number of difficult and helpful ties the women reported were uncorrelated; indeed, specific friends and relatives could be sources of both help and strain. More recently, several surveys have asked respondents to report support or strain from specific types of alters, such as their spouses or daughters (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,380.07,427.32,54.44,8.78" target="#b4">Bertera 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.00,439.32,112.11,8.78" target="#b5">Birditt and Antonucci 2007)</ref>, or from general categories of ties, such as family and friends (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,276.60,463.32,97.98,8.78" target="#b15">Chen and Feeley 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,378.91,463.32,55.59,8.78;2,252.00,475.32,22.78,8.78" target="#b25">Durden et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,277.78,475.32,70.94,8.78" target="#b102">Shaw et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,351.54,475.32,82.95,8.78;2,252.00,487.32,21.53,8.78" target="#b121">Walen and Lachman 2000)</ref>. Other researchers have estimated how many people provide support versus problems or how often they do so (e.g., how many of the people you listed "get on your nerves?" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.00,535.32,63.29,8.78" target="#b114">[Thomas 2010])</ref>.</p><p>Additionally, studies of "psychological ambivalence" in the family literature emphasize that relationships with kin often involve simultaneously positive and negative content (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,276.16,595.32,118.34,8.78" target="#b6">Birditt and Fingerman 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,398.39,595.32,36.12,8.78;2,252.00,607.32,88.16,8.78" target="#b20">Connidis and McMullin 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,345.35,607.32,89.16,8.78;2,252.00,619.32,51.58,8.78" target="#b34">Fingerman, Hay, and Birditt 2004)</ref>. In a recent example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,401.17,619.32,33.37,8.78;2,252.00,631.32,72.43,8.78" target="#b62">Lee and Szinovacz (2016)</ref>, using the 2008 Health Retirement Study, found that respondents reported the greatest mix of positive and negative evaluations for their spouses and children, then next greatest for other relatives, and least for friends. In addition, they found that negative reports about spouses and children, but not about relatives or friends, correlated with various psychological well-being measures.</p><p>Overall, these studies commonly find that respondents who give more negative reports also tend to report higher levels of stress and loneliness and lower levels of physical health and psychological well-being (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,201.80,211.32,32.22,8.78;3,51.49,223.32,76.27,8.78" target="#b0">Ailshire and Burgard 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,130.99,223.32,103.00,8.78" target="#b62">Lee and Szinovacz 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,51.49,235.32,69.07,8.78" target="#b67">Lund et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,123.30,235.32,42.42,8.78" target="#b96">Rook 2003</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,172.97,235.32,18.22,8.78" target="#b97">Rook , 2015</ref><ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> for some complexity, see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,126.16,247.32,103.53,8.78" target="#b1">Antonucci et al. 2010)</ref>.</p><p>Although the association between difficult ties and health and well-being appears to be robust, the causal paths linking them have not been sufficiently studied. Difficult ties may impair well-being by increasing a person's sense of stress and burden; or, psychologically distressed people and those with a negative outlook on life may tend to perceive others in an unpleasant way (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.16,355.32,34.83,8.78;3,51.49,367.32,97.83,8.78" target="#b120">Vinokur, Schul, and Caplan 1987)</ref>.</p><p>Despite the consensus on the correlates of difficult ties, the existing literature barely addresses the question of which types of people and what kinds of ties are felt to be difficult. That is, it is important to understand not just whether individuals can identify stressful ties in their networks, but also to understand which specific alters and which specific tiesdefined by relationship type and other features, such as alters' interactions with the individual-seem to provoke stress and feelings of burden. To our knowledge, the only approximate precedent to our analysis is <ref type="bibr" coords="3,216.79,523.32,12.91,8.78;3,51.49,535.32,149.35,8.78" target="#b63">Leffler, Krannich, and Gillespie (1986)</ref>, which asked residents of four Utah villages to name people with whom they had various positive interactions and to name those who were overly demanding, would let them down, and made them angry. Our study uses a larger and more diverse sample and expands what we know about these relationships, allowing us to address the issue of who is viewed as creating stress and burden, and then permitting us to infer answers to the broader question of why individuals would maintain such relationships. Is it, as an exchange model would suggest, because people gain more than they lose in these ties, or is it because people cannot avoid these ties?</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>TheOrIeS OF TIe FOrmATION AND The QueSTION OF DIFFICulT TIeS</head><p>The question of why individuals sustain connections to people whom they consider difficult and demanding directs us to the broader, and relatively unexplored, issue of how people build and maintain personal networks. The social science literature has proposed two main complementary approaches. The first emphasizes individuals' agentic nature and treats them as active and purposive builders of their social worlds. The second approach focuses on the structural locations in which individuals are embedded and how these locations provide opportunities for social connections. These two approaches, however, have not been applied to explain the existence and persistence of difficult ties in people's networks. We begin by briefly reviewing the two main approaches to tie formation, address their limitations, and then discuss the idea of constraints to help resolve the puzzle of lasting difficult ties.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Tie Formation as a Purposive Process</head><p>The approach that treats tie formation as a purposive and deliberate process rests on the assumption that individuals are agentic actors who make strategic decisions regarding whom to include and whom to exclude from their networks. This approach highlights the mental process individuals engage in as they evaluate and screen potential network members. Explanations typically focus on the gains obtained from the connections or the utility of potential associates for fulfilling individual needs and interests.</p><p>The idea that people form and invest in relationships with an eye to the benefits, both extrinsic and intrinsic, they can accrue from them is most explicit in early exchange theory approaches (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,124.53,115.32,45.57,8.78" target="#b8">Blau 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,174.00,115.32,60.01,8.78" target="#b51">Homans 1958;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.48,127.32,98.15,8.78" target="#b112">Thibaut and Kelly 1959)</ref> and more recently in the investment model put forward by theorists of social capital. As <ref type="bibr" coords="4,146.42,151.32,87.55,8.78">Bourdieu (1986:249)</ref> explains, "the network of relationships is the product of investment strategies, individual or collective, consciously or unconsciously aimed at establishing or reproducing social relationships that are directly usable in the short or long term" (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,152.56,223.32,81.44,8.78">also Coleman 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.48,235.32,40.42,8.78" target="#b65">Lin 2001)</ref>. Tie formation and activation is thus treated as an instrumental process whose main motivation is driven by the utility of the tie. Consequently, ties based on unreciprocated exchanges, or those in which costs outweigh benefits, are likely to be discontinued <ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.48,307.32,120.13,8.78" target="#b53">(Ikkink and van Tilburg 1999)</ref>.</p><p>In research on social support, this approach resonates with models of "targeted mobilization" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,73.20,343.32,51.22,8.78" target="#b107">(Small 2013)</ref> and "functional specificity" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.48,355.32,116.55,8.78" target="#b85">(Perry and Pescosolido 2010)</ref>, which contend that individuals assess their own needs and then selectively turn to specific people to access their resources based on evaluations of how useful these people are. Consistent with this idea, research points to specialization in the provision of support by showing that different types of ties are mobilized for different types of support <ref type="bibr" coords="4,146.40,451.32,87.61,8.78">(e.g., Fischer 1982a;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.48,463.32,70.29,8.78" target="#b86">Pescosolido 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,123.42,463.32,106.38,8.78" target="#b123">Wellman and Wortley 1990)</ref>.</p><p>Other studies, mostly ethnographies of family and community relationships, use language that is not explicitly actor-based but that also assumes people build networks in a deliberate and purposive manner. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,205.65,523.32,28.33,8.78;4,51.48,535.32,24.99,8.78" target="#b82">Nelson (2005)</ref>, for example, shows how the lowincome single mothers she interviewed in Vermont carefully select network members by evaluating who in their social environments is most suited to fulfill their needs. Nelson refers to this screening process as "the work of sociability." Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,175.36,607.32,58.64,8.78" target="#b49">Hansen (2005)</ref> describes a process of sifting and sorting network members, referred to as "staging networks," that parents continuously go through in their attempt to build networks of care for their children. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.61,79.32,62.66,8.78" target="#b48">Hansen (2004)</ref> shows how parents assess network candidates based on their past behaviors, values, and childrearing philosophy and how they follow relatively strict rules regarding what to ask from whom, when, and under what circumstances. These studies nicely demonstrate how individuals meticulously seek to gain information about potential network members and weigh the benefits and costs of drawing someone into or excluding someone from the network (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="4,270.80,211.32,124.33,8.78" target="#b23">Domínguez and Watkins 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,397.83,211.32,36.66,8.78;4,251.99,223.32,21.52,8.78" target="#b77">Menjívar 2000)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Tie Formation and the Context of Opportunity</head><p>The second approach focuses on the more contingent and idiosyncratic character of tie formation. It stresses that individuals often create connections with the people in their social surroundings who are accessible and available to them. Social contexts (or foci, see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,252.00,355.32,41.12,8.78" target="#b31">Feld 1981</ref>) matter much more for network inclusion than agentic search models suggest. Simple inaccessibility, for example, rules out all but a small sliver of hypothetical relationships. Consistent with recent developments in network research, this approach assumes that circumstances play a crucial role in shaping the compositional and structural features of social networks (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,337.53,451.32,96.98,8.78" target="#b24">Doreian and Conti 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,252.00,463.32,80.98,8.78" target="#b29">Entwisle et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,335.30,463.32,99.21,8.78;4,252.00,475.32,43.01,8.78" target="#b80">Mollenhorst, Völker, and Flap 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,297.81,475.32,48.52,8.78" target="#b107">Small 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,349.13,475.32,85.40,8.78;4,252.00,487.32,65.69,8.78" target="#b108">Small, Pamphile, and McMahan 2015)</ref>. For example, studies show how people often form quite intimate and supportive ties with others whom they barely know and have recently met, sometimes unexpectedly, in different places, such as childcare centers <ref type="bibr" coords="4,282.47,547.32,45.92,8.78" target="#b106">(Small 2009</ref>), food pantries, neighborhood clinics, homeless shelters <ref type="bibr" coords="4,393.06,559.32,41.59,8.78;4,252.00,571.32,20.90,8.78" target="#b22">(Desmond 2012)</ref>, college classrooms <ref type="bibr" coords="4,353.91,571.32,80.60,8.78;4,252.00,583.32,22.58,8.78" target="#b58">(Kossinets and Watts 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,279.76,583.32,49.64,8.78" target="#b107">Small 2013)</ref>, beauty salons <ref type="bibr" coords="4,400.36,583.32,34.14,8.78;4,252.00,595.32,21.32,8.78" target="#b39">(Furman 1997)</ref>, and diners (Torres forthcoming).</p><p>The broader social and institutional context is thus conceptualized as an opportunity structure for social meetings and the formation of new ties mainly because it determines the pool of potential associates and allows for the emergence of interactions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,190.23,79.32,43.76,8.78;5,51.49,91.32,65.05,8.78" target="#b9">(Blau and Schwartz 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,121.60,91.32,45.62,8.78" target="#b32">Feld 1982;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,172.28,91.32,61.72,8.78" target="#b35">Fischer 1982a;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.49,103.32,114.15,8.78" target="#b60">Lazarsfeld and Merton 1954)</ref>. This idea is key to research on homophily, which shows that the degree of similarity between associates is affected by the characteristics of the social contexts in which they meet and interact (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.49,163.32,61.18,8.78" target="#b72">Marsden 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,116.08,163.32,117.93,8.78;5,51.49,175.32,22.78,8.78" target="#b75">McPherson and Smith-Lovin 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,79.76,175.32,154.25,8.78;5,51.49,187.32,21.53,8.78" target="#b76">McPherson, Smith-Lovin, and Cook 2001)</ref>. In support of this view, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,180.54,187.32,53.47,8.78" target="#b107">Small (2013)</ref> finds that students discuss important matters not just with others they feel close to, but also with acquaintances whom they meet in various groups and associations. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,168.11,235.32,65.89,8.78;5,51.49,247.32,73.51,8.78">Mollenhorst and colleagues (2014)</ref>, using longitudinal personal network data in the Netherlands, find that many social ties are discontinued over time due to a lack of meeting opportunities.</p><p>The opportunity approach does not discredit the idea that within specific contexts individuals may select ties purposively, but its focus is elsewhere. It assumes that access, physical or social proximity, is key to the process of tie formation and maintenance. 1 Experimental studies provide evidence showing how proximity contributes to the endurance of ties by facilitating regular interactions and the development of positive sentiments and trust between individuals <ref type="bibr" coords="5,173.52,415.32,56.19,8.78" target="#b59">(Lawler 2001)</ref>. Further support is provided by survey research suggesting that even in today's digital world, propinquity is important for social interaction and the receipt of support <ref type="bibr" coords="5,166.54,463.32,67.47,8.78;5,51.49,475.32,77.01,8.78" target="#b78">(Mok, Wellman, and Carrasco 2010)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>TOWArD uNDerSTANDINg DIFFICulT TIeS IN egOCeNTrIC NeTWOrKS</head><p>People form ties in many different ways: some are purposeful, others incidental, or even spontaneous <ref type="bibr" coords="5,128.49,583.32,101.22,8.78" target="#b109">(Small and Sukhu 2016)</ref>. The two approaches outlined in the previous section help distinguish analytically between the different mechanisms but, and most importantly for the present study, neither has been used to explain the maintenance of difficult ties in networks. Both approaches implicitly assume that difficult and demanding individuals will be avoided, dropped from the network, or not recruited into it in the first place. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,280.72,115.32,58.44,8.78" target="#b82">Nelson (2005)</ref>, for example, reports that mothers tend to socially disengage from people who make burdensome demands, fail to reciprocate their gestures, or are judgmental. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,309.82,163.32,68.11,8.78" target="#b22">Desmond (2012)</ref> finds that the "disposable ties" evicted tenants create with new acquaintances, and from whom they obtain important support needed for their daily survival, are typically short-lived and frequently dissolve following unexpected crises, emergencies, and mounting relational tension (for other examples, see review in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.00,259.32,45.75,8.78" target="#b83">Offer 2012)</ref>.</p><p>The prediction that difficult ties will be avoided or dropped is based on the idea that people can freely choose with whom they want, or do not want, to associate. The focus on individual choice is explicit in the agentic model, but it is also part of the structure of opportunity approach, which specifies that people can freely choose their associates from the pool of available candidates. Little account, however, is given to how the social environment can restrict individual freedom and constrain behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="5,323.51,403.32,111.00,8.78;5,252.00,415.32,22.38,8.78" target="#b28">(Emirbayer and Goodwin 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,279.13,415.32,69.19,8.78" target="#b44">Granovetter 1985</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,357.49,415.32,16.89,8.78" target="#b45">Granovetter , 2002</ref>. 2 Yet people often feel pressure to continue engaging socially with others whom they would prefer to avoid or disengage from, thus further souring the relationship. Scholars often overlook this aspect of personal relationships. For example, in his study of childcare centers in New York City, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,299.95,499.32,54.11,8.78" target="#b106">Small (2009)</ref> describes how the centers serve an important brokerage function by giving mothers the opportunity to connect with each other and with other organizations through routines and activities, such as dropoff and pick-up times, parties, and fieldtrips, but he only briefly mentions instances when parents feel coerced by the centers to cooperate with parents whom they find annoying.</p><p>Seeking to understand which ties are perceived as difficult and why they are part of a network, we elaborate on the agentic and structure of opportunity approaches of tie formation by articulating two distinct types of constraints on individual choice and behavior. Consistent with the structural approach, the first type is role-based and refers to the source or context ("focus" in Feld's terms) of the relationship between the individual and the alter, and the normative, institutional, and material limitations imposed by this relationship. Consistent with the agentic model, the second type is interaction-based and refers to the patterns of social exchange between the individual and the alter and the potential utility derived from their relationship.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STuDy hyPOTheSeS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Role-Based Constraints</head><p>Individuals' roles in a network emerge from the contexts in which they participate, and these contexts vary in their level of constraint. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="6,109.50,319.32,46.78,8.78" target="#b31">Feld (1981)</ref>, highly constraining contexts produce highly interconnected networks, which are likely to engender not only positive but also negative sentiments because they tend to force people to interact with other members. Hence, and consistent with the structural model, the contexts in which individuals are embedded determine not only the pool of potential associates whom individuals can choose, but also people whom individuals have no choice but to engage with, even if they would rather not. As <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.49,463.32,146.12,8.78">Brashears and Brashears (2016:23)</ref> explain, in the absence of mechanisms to "eliminate" them, such ties are likely to endure: "[N]egative ties are more likely to be found in a persistent form when interaction is unavoidable. By extension this suggests that stable negative ties will rarely exist outside of some overarching framework (e.g., a larger family grouping, a workplace)." 3 Contexts can be bounding for different reasons. For example, normative pressures exist in the context of the family, which Feld identifies as one of the most constraining foci. Most family-of-origin ties are inherited and typically characterized by high emotional closeness, strong commitment, and norms of care <ref type="bibr" coords="6,252.00,67.32,66.44,8.78" target="#b3">(Bengtson 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,322.19,67.32,112.31,8.78;6,252.00,79.32,22.38,8.78" target="#b104">Silverstein, Gans, and Yang 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,280.37,79.32,55.64,8.78" target="#b111">Swartz 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,341.82,79.32,92.67,8.78;6,252.00,91.32,21.11,8.78" target="#b123">Wellman and Wortley 1990)</ref>. The high level of interconnectedness among family members also constitutes an important mechanism of norm reinforcement and social control. Families often pressure their members to comply, cooperate, and share resources and sanction those who do not abide <ref type="bibr" coords="6,252.00,163.32,67.37,8.78" target="#b17">(Coleman 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,325.62,163.32,108.91,8.78;6,252.00,175.32,22.38,8.78">Portes and Sensenbrenner 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,278.62,175.32,47.17,8.78" target="#b110">Stack 1974)</ref>. Hence, strong normative pressures within families may force people to retain ties to relatives, especially close ones, who are viewed as difficult and burdensome (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,270.35,223.32,120.26,8.78" target="#b13">Brashears and Brashears 2016)</ref>.</p><p>Other contexts likely impose practical and material constraints that force people to preserve difficult ties. This is most evident in hierarchical contexts that create power asymmetries and where people occupy subordinate positions that make them highly dependent on others <ref type="bibr" coords="6,278.70,307.32,46.15,8.78" target="#b14">(Burt 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,327.11,307.32,55.03,8.78" target="#b27">Emerson 1962</ref>). The workplace provides an excellent example of such a context: people cannot easily disengage from their supervisor or manager nor limit interactions with difficult workmates unless they quit their jobs <ref type="bibr" coords="6,314.41,367.32,56.58,8.78" target="#b64">(Levine 2013)</ref>. Similarly, the complexities of moving may make it difficult for people to avoid annoying and disturbing neighbors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,297.56,403.32,113.35,8.78" target="#b42">(Goering and Feins 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,417.03,403.32,17.49,8.78;6,252.00,415.32,106.14,8.78" target="#b61">Lee, Oropesa, and Kanan 1994)</ref>.</p><p>Greater freedom, however, exists in ties originating in voluntary associations, including religious congregations. In these contexts, people can turn away relatively easily from bothersome fellow-members, or leave the church or even the denomination <ref type="bibr" coords="6,385.04,487.32,49.49,8.78;6,252.00,499.32,51.77,8.78" target="#b37">(Fischer and Hout 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,312.58,499.32,69.56,8.78" target="#b124">Wuthnow 1988)</ref>. Similarly, friendship ties are less constraining <ref type="bibr" coords="6,393.39,511.32,41.10,8.78;6,252.00,523.32,73.39,8.78" target="#b10">(Blieszner and Roberto 2004)</ref>, particularly those that are "just" friendships and are not tangled in other role relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="6,323.40,547.32,61.57,8.78" target="#b36">(Fischer 1982b)</ref>. Friendship ties may therefore be more easily disbanded if they are distressful or burdensome. Nevertheless, even though they are more voluntary in nature than kinship ties, friendships may also be subject to normative constraints. What will people say if a person drops his friend when she needs him? Here, too, normative pressures may be heightened if the friendship is part of a larger web of relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="7,196.03,67.32,37.97,8.78;7,51.49,79.32,51.12,8.78" target="#b33">(Feld and Carter 1998)</ref>, as people care for their selfimage and reputation and seek approval from others in their surroundings <ref type="bibr" coords="7,182.06,103.32,51.95,8.78" target="#b8">(Blau 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,51.49,115.32,57.62,8.78" target="#b89">Podolny 1993)</ref>.</p><p>In summary, the structural model predicts that for normative, institutional, material, and other reasons, people may feel pressure to retain difficult ties. We thus predict that the probability of being perceived as difficult will be greater for alters in contexts that most constrain an individual's ability to dissolve the tie:</p><p>Hypothesis 1: Ties to kin are more likely to be perceived as difficult than ties to non-kin.</p><p>Hypothesis 2: Ties to non-kin in more constraining contexts are more likely to be perceived as difficult than ties to non-kin in less constraining contexts.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Interaction-Based Constraints</head><p>A second type of constraint arises from social exchanges between the individual and the alter, with some exchanges being more constraining than others. Based on the agentic model, individuals consider the utility derived from interactions with the alter-in our data, various forms of social support-and what would be lost by terminating the tie. Moreover, the receipt of support engenders a sense of obligation, commitment, and indebtedness to the alter, which pressures her to reciprocate and sustain the tie <ref type="bibr" coords="7,107.10,475.32,46.17,8.78" target="#b8">(Blau 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,155.64,475.32,49.47,8.78" target="#b73">Mauss [1923</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,211.80,475.32,17.74,8.78" target="#b73">Mauss [ ] 1990</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,51.49,487.32,57.65,8.78" target="#b105">Simmel [1950</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,119.15,487.32,16.72,8.78" target="#b105">Simmel [ ] 1978</ref>. These pressures can constitute a source of constraint that further bounds the receiving individual to giving alters and restricts her ability to disengage from the difficult ones. In <ref type="bibr" coords="7,129.73,535.32,73.78,8.78" target="#b27">Emerson's (1962)</ref> terms, obtaining support from an alter creates powerdependence relations that do not allow individuals to "overcome resistance" by simply severing ties to alters perceived to be difficult. Dependence on a tie for unequal exchanges may thus generate tension, rivalry, and conflict and lead to what Blau (1986) calls a process of "differentiation," in which failure to reciprocate establishes a status hierarchy and claims of superiority (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="7,131.98,655.32,53.87,8.78" target="#b73">Mauss [1923]</ref> 1990).</p><p>We expect these interaction-based constraints to be stronger if the utility of the good or service rendered is high, such as in emergency situations. By contrast, the constraint will be of lower magnitude in cases that involve a lower sense of obligation, such as engaging in leisure activities. This leads to the following prediction:</p><p>Hypothesis 3: Ties to alters who provide critical types of support are more likely to be perceived as difficult than ties to alters who provide less critical types of support.</p><p>Nevertheless, the constraining effect associated with the sense of commitment and obligation that the receipt of support creates may be attenuated if an individual also provides support to the alter. Research shows that for normative and practical reasons, people strive to maintain reciprocal relationships with others by returning favors and avoiding social debts <ref type="bibr" coords="7,380.14,331.32,54.50,8.78" target="#b8">(Blau 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,252.00,343.32,64.64,8.78" target="#b43">Gouldner 1960;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,319.08,343.32,115.44,8.78;7,252.00,355.32,23.38,8.78" target="#b88">Plickert, Côté, and Wellman 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,279.01,355.32,103.29,8.78" target="#b93">Roberto and Scott 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,385.93,355.32,48.56,8.78;7,252.00,367.32,22.15,8.78" target="#b119">van Tilburg 1992)</ref>, and failing to do so can lead to feelings of distress and guilt <ref type="bibr" coords="7,365.33,379.32,69.17,8.78" target="#b77">(Menjívar 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,252.00,391.32,56.84,8.78" target="#b82">Nelson 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,313.22,391.32,45.59,8.78" target="#b83">Offer 2012</ref>) and tie dissolution <ref type="bibr" coords="7,273.64,403.32,51.83,8.78" target="#b8">(Blau 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,331.10,403.32,103.42,8.78;7,252.00,415.32,22.15,8.78" target="#b53">Ikkink and van Tilburg 1999)</ref>. 4 That is, when a person reciprocates an alter's support, or provides more than the alter does, she is less dependent on the alter and may more easily disengage if that alter is viewed as difficult. Hence, we hypothesize the following:</p><p>Hypothesis 4: Non-reciprocal exchange ties providing unilateral benefits to ego are more likely to be perceived as difficult than reciprocal exchange ties.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DATA AND meASureS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>UCNets Data</head><p>We use the University of California Social Networks Study (UCNets), a longitudinal egocentric network survey on personal relationships, life events, and well-being, 5 to examine who is considered difficult and why they are part of personal networks. UCNets participants were drawn from two distinct age groups in the greater six-county San Francisco Bay Area: 50-to 70-year-olds and 21-to 30-year-olds. The study focused on these two age groups to maximize the number of key transitions and life events respondents would likely experience between survey waves. Using address-based sampling, people in the eligible age range were solicited to participate (for pay) in the three-wave survey of personal networks. This procedure sufficed with the older cohort, but it fell short with the 21-to 30-year-olds. To increase their number, we added about 300 complete surveys of respondents in that age group largely by recruiting through Facebook. As part of a mode experiment, respondents were randomly assigned to either an in-person or a web version of the survey at a 3:1 ratio. All Facebook-recruited respondents did the survey online. The two instruments were substantively identical and we control for mode effects in all analyses. The data we use in this study are based on the first wave of UCNets, which includes 666 respondents age 50 to 70 who completed the survey and named 6,689 alters, and 480 respondents age 21 to 30 who completed the survey and named 5,064 alters 6 (see <ref type="table" coords="8,194.90,391.32,39.09,8.78;8,51.48,403.32,35.98,8.78" target="#tab_0">Appendix  Table A1</ref> for a full description of respondents' demographic and socioeconomic characteristics). All analyses use weights that adjust for combinations of gender, age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, marital status, and education to match the corresponding age-specific population of the region. 7</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods: The Extended Egocentric Survey</head><p>UCNets used an extended egocentric nameeliciting method to draw a detailed map of respondents' personal networks and collect information about their social connections. The first stage in this procedure, name-eliciting, asked respondents to name the people to whom they were connected. A major advantage of the present study is that unlike most other egocentric network studies, which are mainly based on the General Social Survey "discuss important matters" question (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,252.00,79.32,64.30,8.78" target="#b12">Brashears 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,319.59,79.32,60.06,8.78" target="#b71">Marsden 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,382.94,79.32,47.34,8.78" target="#b107">Small 2013)</ref>, the UCNets survey generated names using seven distinct name-eliciting questions. Research shows this extended procedure yields greater reliability than do methods that use a single or restricted number of name-eliciting questions <ref type="bibr" coords="8,293.68,151.32,140.85,8.78;8,252.00,163.32,22.38,8.78" target="#b57">(Killworth, Shelley, and Robinson 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,277.12,163.32,49.16,8.78" target="#b69">Marin 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,329.02,163.32,105.50,8.78" target="#b70">Marin and Hampton 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,252.00,175.32,118.06,8.78" target="#b74">McCallister and Fischer 1978)</ref>.</p><p>The first six name-eliciting questions asked respondents to name the people with whom they engaged in various spheres of social activity (see details below). The last nameeliciting question asked respondents to name the people whom they "sometimes find demanding or difficult." This question, which has rarely been used in previous egocentric network research, is the major focus of our study: it allowed us to examine the prevalence and role of difficult ties in personal networks.</p><p>The second stage in the procedure applied several name-interpreting questions to obtain descriptions of the named alters and of the ties respondents had with them, including role relationship categories, felt closeness, geographic proximity, and homophily in gender, age, religion, and race and ethnicity. In addition, the UCNets survey collected detailed information about participants' demographic, socioeconomic, and health characteristics.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Variables</head><p>Difficult ties. Based on respondents' responses to the "difficult" name-eliciting question and to the six name-eliciting questions tapping engagement in various social activities, we created two distinct measures of difficult ties that serve as our dependent variables. (1) Difficult-only ties: names respondents mentioned only in response to the difficult name-eliciting question and which did not appear on any of the other six name-eliciting questions tapping social exchanges. (2) Difficult engaged-in-exchange ties: names respondents mentioned in response to both the difficult question and at least one of the other six social exchange name-eliciting questions.</p><p>Role-based constraints. We use rolerelationship categories as proxies for rolebased constraints. Using prefixed categories, respondents were asked to specify how they were connected to each alter whom they named. We distinguish between kin and nonkin. The kin category includes wife, husband, female romantic partner, male romantic partner, mother, father, adult daughter, adult son, sister, and brother (other relative is the reference category). The non-kin variables include a series of dummies referring to different role relationships specifying whether the alter is a housemate, neighbor, workmate, schoolmate, churchmate, friend, or acquaintance. Note that the non-kin variables are not mutually exclusive. A person could, for example, be mentioned as both a workmate and a friend or as a brother, housemate, and friend.</p><p>Interaction-based constraints. The first six name-generating questions compiled a list of the people with whom respondents engaged in different types of social exchanges. We use these six types of exchanges as proxies for interaction-based constraints: (1) socializing-the people with whom respondents usually get together and do social activities such as visiting for meals, going to cultural events, or just hanging out; (2) confiding in-the people in whom respondents confide about relationships, important things in life, or difficult experiences; (3) advicethe people respondents turn to when seeking advice for making important decisions; (4) practical help-the people who, in the previous few months, had given respondents practical help such as doing repairs, looking after a child, or providing a ride; (5) emergency help-the people whom respondents would ask if they were seriously injured or sick and needed help for a couple of weeks with things such as preparing meals and getting around; and (6) providing support-the people whom respondents help out in different ways. Respondents could mention up to nine names in answering the socializing question and up to six names for all other questions. <ref type="table" coords="9,63.49,643.32,29.97,8.78" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> shows the distribution of all alters named in a network by role relationship and type of social exchange. Overall, respondents' networks were quite varied. Most notably, the majority of alters (close to 60 percent) were labeled as friends. More than half of alters mentioned in a network were people with whom respondents socialized. This may be due, however, to allowing respondents to name up to nine names in this item, compared to only six names in the other name-eliciting items. About a third of alters were named as confidants, advisors, and sources of emergency help for respondents. Forty percent of alters were named as people to whom respondents provided support. Finally, we see expected age differences, for example, in the presence of spouses, parents, housemates, and schoolmates.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Controls.</head><p>At the tie level, we include controls for alters' sociodemographic characteristics, most of which are measured in terms of homophily with the respondent. These include gender (for non-kin alters), age, religion, race and ethnicity, and political orientation. Other controls refer to relationship characteristics between the respondent and the alter, such as whether the respondent had met the alter in the previous year, feels emotionally close to alter, lives with alter in the same household, lives within five minutes from alter, or lives more than one hour away from alter. Descriptive statistics for all tie-level controls are presented in Appendix <ref type="table" coords="9,340.25,439.32,36.69,8.78" target="#tab_1">Table A2</ref>. Finally, we control at the individual-level for respondents' sociodemographic background and health.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PlAN OF ANAlySIS</head><p>The major objective of this study is to reveal which ties are perceived as difficult and why they are part of the network. To examine these questions, we use two distinct dependent variables: (1) difficult-only ties and (2) difficult engaged-in-exchange ties. We begin with basic descriptive statistics by calculating the prevalence of the two types of difficult ties and examining their distribution by role relationship and types of exchange.</p><p>In the next stage, we estimate a series of multilevel models to test the study hypotheses, positing that difficult ties are maintained in networks because of role-and interactionbased constraints (we use HLM 7.01 <ref type="bibr" coords="10,196.78,499.32,32.56,8.78;10,51.48,511.32,150.23,8.78">[Raudenbush, Bryk, and Congdon 2013]</ref>). The advantage of multilevel modeling is that, rather than using aggregated measures at the individual level or simply examining all ties together as if they were independent of each other, this method accounts for the nested structure of the data (i.e., alters or ties nested within individual networks) and the nonindependence of observations within individuals, which allows us to simultaneously estimate variables at different levels <ref type="bibr" coords="10,181.22,631.32,52.77,8.78;10,51.48,643.32,64.18,8.78" target="#b91">(Raudenbush and Bryk 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,119.14,643.32,114.87,8.78;10,251.99,487.32,70.73,8.78" target="#b118">van Duijn, van Busschbach, and Snijder 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,324.85,487.32,102.09,8.78" target="#b122">Wellman and Frank 2001)</ref>. 8 Because our outcome is a binary variable (i.e., whether the alter is named as difficult or not), we use the binomial sampling distribution with the logit link function.</p><p>We estimate separate sets of models to predict the log-odds of the two outcomes using the role-relationship variables as proxies for role-based constraints, and the types of exchange variables as proxies for interactionbased constraints. All models control for sociodemographic characteristics of both the tie and the respondent. 9 The first set of models predicts the log-odds that an alter would be named as a difficult-only tie as opposed to all other ties (i.e., ties that are either not difficult or difficult but otherwise engaged in the network). The latter set of models excludes the difficult-only ties and estimates the logodds that an alter would be named as a difficult engaged-in-exchange tie as opposed to a tie that is not difficult. We estimate these two outcomes separately not only for practical reasons (i.e., the second set of models includes additional variables, measures of social exchanges), but also because we believe they are conceptually distinct. The difficult-only ties are more similar to what the literature calls "negative" ties, that is, ties characterized by antagonism and dislike that typically lead to disconnected networks <ref type="bibr" coords="11,160.80,259.32,68.67,8.78;11,51.49,271.32,45.90,8.78" target="#b30">(Everett and Borgatti 2014)</ref>, whereas difficult engaged-inexchange ties are more ambivalent in nature and constitute a source of both positive affect and hardship <ref type="bibr" coords="11,105.71,307.32,123.99,8.78" target="#b20">(Connidis and McMullin 2002)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The PrevAleNCe AND DISTrIBuTION OF DIFFICulT TIeS</head><p>How many difficult ties do respondents have in their networks? The upper panel in <ref type="table" coords="11,204.30,403.32,29.67,8.78" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> shows the overall proportion of difficult ties and then distinguishes between difficult-only and difficult engaged-in-exchange ties. These estimates are calculated at the aggregated individual-level out of the total number of ties in a respondent's network. The vast majority of participants, about three-quarters in the young cohort and two-thirds in the older cohort, nominated at least one person in their network as difficult or demanding. The proportion of difficult ties in each network, however, is relatively small. About 16 percent of ties in young respondents' networks, and 13 percent in older respondents' networks, were labeled as difficult. Additionally, relatively few alters appeared only in answer to the "difficult" name-eliciting question-only 5 percent for both cohorts. Nearly 70 percent of respondents did not report any such tie.</p><p>Hence, most alters named as difficult were reported as engaged in the network in some other way. Overall, these alters account for 12 and 8 percent of all ties among the younger and older cohorts, respectively. The middle panel in <ref type="table" coords="11,348.55,115.32,30.06,8.78" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> shows, at the tie-level, the proportion of alters who were named difficult by role relationship. The first column in each cohort refers to difficult-only ties. Within the family, among 21-to 30-yearolds, brothers were the most likely to be labeled solely as difficult (13 percent). Among 50-to 70-year-olds, mothers and sisters were most likely to be labeled solely as difficult (13 and 10 percent, respectively). Interestingly, no spouses or romantic partners were mentioned in the network solely in response to the difficult name-eliciting question. This may be due to selection bias-intimate relationships that become highly strained are often terminated. Unlike other close kin relations, most notably parents and adult children, ties to spouses and intimate partners are more voluntary in nature and, despite the stress involved, may be easier to dissolve. Another possible explanation is that in a culture emphasizing marital satisfaction, people may be less inclined to report that their relationship with their intimate partner is stressful and burdensome <ref type="bibr" coords="11,326.26,403.32,64.71,8.78" target="#b47">(Hackstaff 1999</ref>). Among non-kin, workmates and acquaintances were the most likely to be named as difficult.</p><p>The second column in each cohort refers to the difficult engaged-in-exchange ties. By and large, the percentage of difficult ties among alters who engaged in social exchanges was much higher for kin, and especially close female kin, than for non-kin. This finding points to the complex and perhaps ambivalent role these alters play in personal networks. The percentage of difficult engaged-inexchange ties was particularly high among wives (27 percent), mothers (24 percent), and sisters (30 percent) for respondents in the young cohort, and among parents (29 and 24 percent for mothers and fathers, respectively) and female romantic partners (28 percent) for respondents in the older cohort.</p><p>Finally, the lower panel in <ref type="table" coords="11,379.94,631.32,31.37,8.78" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> indicates how the difficult engaged-in-exchange ties are involved in the networks. We calculated these numbers at the name-level, and they refer to the proportion of all alters mentioned in answer to each social exchange question who were also named as difficult. Overall, we find similar patterns for the two age groups. About 10 percent of alters whom respondents named as socializing partners, confidants, and providers of practical help were subsequently named as difficult. Alters who provided emergency support were slightly more likely than those who did not provide such assistance to be viewed as difficult (15 and 11 percent of alters in the younger and older cohorts, respectively). This finding may reflect the type of alters who typically provide help in emergency situations (i.e., close kin). The percentage of alters considered difficult among those who provided advice was also relatively high (nearly 15 percent), but only in the younger cohort. Ties in which respondents provided support to an alter were the most likely to be considered difficult: nearly 17 percent of alters to whom respondents provided support in the younger cohort, and 15 percent in the older cohort, were considered difficult.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WhO Are The DIFFICulT TIeS AND Why DO They APPeAr IN NeTWOrKS?</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Testing for Role-Based Constraints</head><p>Our first two hypotheses predict that difficult ties are more likely to be present in contexts where individuals have limited ability to exercise choice in selecting their associates or they are pressured to socially engage with them. <ref type="table" coords="13,51.49,439.32,32.83,8.78" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> presents the models testing these hypotheses and shows, for each cohort, results of the two sets of multilevel regressions. The first two columns show the models predicting the log-odds that a tie would be named as difficult-only (Analyses 1 and 2 for the young and old cohorts, respectively); the last two columns show the analyses predicting the logodds that a tie would be named as difficult engaged-in-exchange (Analyses 3 and 4 for the young and old cohorts, respectively). Hypothesis 1 postulates that within a family, close kin are more likely to be perceived as difficult than are more distant relatives. Overall, our results support this prediction. Analysis 2 shows that among 50-to 70-yearolds, the log-odds of close relatives, and especially of female relatives, being named only in response to the "difficult" name-eliciting question were significantly higher than for more distant relatives. Mothers, adult daughters, and sisters were over twice as likely as more distant relatives to be named as difficult-only ties. To better illustrate this effect, for each kin category we calculated the predicted probability of being named a difficult-only tie while holding all other alter-and individual-level variables constant at their mean levels. <ref type="figure" coords="13,379.02,175.32,35.24,8.78" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref> presents these probabilities and shows that mother, daughters, and sisters have an approximately 10 percent probability of being perceived as a difficult-only tie. We found no such effect for respondents in the young cohort (see Analysis 1). This important agegroup difference may reflect the higher demands imposed by elderly relatives on advanced middle-aged respondents, and these respondents' lower ability to respond to them. The older cohort may thus view relatives as exclusively difficult and burdensome. Or perhaps among young respondents, close kin are more often a source of support.</p><p>The results in <ref type="table" coords="13,322.47,355.32,29.99,8.78" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> further indicate that close relatives were substantially more likely to be named as both difficult and otherwise engaged in social exchange than were more distant relatives. In the young cohort, wives, male romantic partners, mothers, brothers, and sisters had higher log-odds of being named as difficult engaged-in-exchange alters than did other relatives (Analysis 3). In the older cohort, female romantic partners, mothers, fathers, daughters, sons, and sisters had higher log-odds of being named as difficult engaged-inexchange alters (Analysis 4). To ease interpretation, for each kin category we calculated the predicted probability of the alter being named as a difficult engaged-in-exchange tie. <ref type="figure" coords="13,401.83,535.32,32.66,8.78">Figure 2</ref> presents the results. The probability of being named a difficult engaged-in-exchange tie was highest in the young cohort for sisters (14 percent) and wives (12 percent), and in the older cohort for aging parents (approximately 12 percent for both mothers and fathers).</p><p>Taken together, and consistent with Hypothesis 1, these findings suggest that relationships to close kin, perhaps due to the familial obligations these relationships entail   and their level of intensity and embeddedness, are more likely to be viewed as difficult or ambivalent (i.e., involve both supportive and burdensome experiences). The results also highlight the particular role of female kin as a source of difficulty in networks.</p><p>Hypothesis 2 makes a similar prediction with respect to ties outside the family: ties in more constraining and less voluntary contexts are more likely to be named difficult. The results in <ref type="table" coords="16,293.77,635.08,31.14,8.78" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> provide some support for our prediction. As expected, in both the younger and older cohorts, workmates had higher, and friends lower, log-odds of being labeled as difficult-only ties (Analyses 1 and 2, respectively). <ref type="figure" coords="17,122.70,636.28,35.89,8.78" target="#fig_1">Figure 3</ref> presents the predicted probabilities we calculated for each non-kin role relationship category. Among 21-to 30-year-olds (panel A), workmates had a 15 percent probability of being named as difficult-only ties, whereas the probability for non-workmates was reduced by more than half. We find a similar trend, but of smaller magnitude, among the 50-to 70-year-olds Note: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. * p &lt; .05 (two-tailed test) for difference from "other relative."</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Figure 2. Predicted Probabilities of Kin Being Named as Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Ties, by Cohort</head><p>Note: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. In younger cohort: effects for mother and sister significant at p &lt; .001; wives significant at p &lt; .01; male romantic partner and brother significant at p &lt; .05 (compared to other relative). In older cohort: effects for mother, father, daughter, son, and sister significant at p &lt; .001; female romantic partner significant at p &lt; .01 (compared to other relative).</p><p>(panel B). By contrast, the probability of friends being named as difficult-only ties was as low as 4 percent in the younger cohort and 2 percent in the older cohort. The probability of alters who were not considered friends being named difficult-only was substantially higher (16 and over 10 percent in the younger and older cohorts, respectively). Contrary to our expectation, neighbors were rather less likely to be named as difficult-only ties (and only in the young cohort, see Analysis 1). Furthermore, we found no effect for any of the other non-kin role relationships.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Testing for Interaction-Based Constraints</head><p>Hypothesis 3 tests the interaction-based constraints. It posits that alters providing more critical forms of support are more likely to be named difficult than are alters who provide less critical forms of support. Overall, however, the results do not support this expectation. As Analyses 3 and 4 in <ref type="table" coords="19,167.90,593.08,29.69,8.78" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> indicate, none of the types of support received from alters was significantly associated with the logodds of an alter being labeled difficult, except for giving advice to the respondent in the older cohort (Analysis 4). By contrast, alters who were recipients of respondents' help were important sources of difficulty in networks. Alters whom respondents helped had substantially higher log-odds of being named difficult ties compared to alters whom respondents did not name as recipients of their help. <ref type="figure" coords="19,400.59,617.08,33.89,8.78" target="#fig_2">Figure 4</ref> displays the calculated probabilities for these effects: they suggest that much of the burden in networks is driven by helping others. In additional analyses, we examined which other types of social exchange are associated with alters being perceived as difficult by excluding alters to whom respondents provided support. Because of the overall low percentages of difficult ties in these categories, we estimated a logistic regression model at the alter-level rather than a multilevel model. <ref type="figure" coords="20,281.37,572.39,32.99,8.78" target="#fig_3">Figure 5</ref> presents the results and shows the predicted probabilities that an alter would be named difficult by type of social exchange (for full results see the online supplement). In line with Hypothesis 3, the results indicate that in the older cohort (panel A), providing emergency help is significantly associated with being labeled as difficult. This finding suggests that individuals may keep critical helpers in their network even if they are difficult because of the support they may receive from them in times of need. In the younger cohort (panel B), confiding is associated with lower, and advice with higher, log-odds that an alter will be named difficult.</p><p>According to Hypothesis 4, reciprocated relationships (i.e., those in which the respondent both receives support from and provides support to the alter) should be less likely to be considered difficult than non-reciprocated relationships (i.e., those in which the respondent only receives support from the alter). Although none of the types of support received from alters were statistically significant, we were able to test this hypothesis about reciprocation because we found that providing support to an alter is associated with an increased likelihood of the alter being named a difficult tie. Thus, in the next stage, we examined whether the effect of providing support to an alter was counterbalanced by help received from the alter. We tested this by adding to the model interaction terms between the variable providing support to the alter and the five exchange variables tapping support received from the alter (see <ref type="table" coords="21,165.88,624.28,28.72,8.78" target="#tab_5">Table 4</ref>). By and large, the results do not support Hypothesis 4. For the younger cohort, receiving support from an alter did not matter much-none of the interaction terms were statistically significant. In the older cohort, only the interaction effect with receiving advice from an alter was significant. Alters to whom respondents provided support who also gave advice had lower log-odds of being labeled difficult than did alters who did not give advice but received support from respondents. None of the other interaction effects were significant.</p><p>Considering the strong effect of providing support to alters, in a post-hoc analysis we examined whether this effect varies by who the alter is. That is, we examined whether providing support to certain kinds of alters was considered especially burdensome and difficult. We tested this possibility by adding interaction terms between providing support to alter and role relationship. The results, presented in <ref type="table" coords="21,293.43,516.28,29.96,8.78" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref>, reveal several interesting findings. Among the younger cohort, providing support to wives and sisters, compared to others, was associated with higher log-odds of that woman being seen as difficult. Providing support to acquaintances was also associated with higher log-odds that the alter would be viewed as difficult, perhaps due to the low social expectations involved in relationships with acquaintances. In the older cohort, we found significant effects for parents and sons. To better illustrate these effects, we calculated their predicted probabilities (see <ref type="figure" coords="21,392.81,660.28,34.57,8.78" target="#fig_4">Figure 6</ref>). Note: Controlling for alter descriptors and social exchange variables at the name-level and for sociodemographic variables, network size, and proportion of kin in network at the person-level. * p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed tests).</p><p>Among the 50-to 70-year-olds, both mothers and fathers to whom respondents provided support had a 25 percent probability of being viewed as difficult, compared to only 8 percent for other relatives whom respondents helped. The predicted probability for female romantic partners was also 25 percent, but the effect was not statistically significant. We found similar probabilities for providing support to wives and sisters in the younger cohort. We thus conclude that the perception of difficulty associated with providing support varies by who the person is who receives that support. Note: Controlling for alter descriptors and social exchange variables at the alter-level and for sociodemographic variables, network size, and proportion of kin in network at the person-level. * p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed tests).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCuSSION AND CONCluSIONS</head><p>Previous research points to the detrimental effect of difficult ties for individuals' health and well-being <ref type="bibr" coords="23,116.68,391.32,117.33,8.78" target="#b0">(Ailshire and Burgard 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,51.49,403.32,56.66,8.78" target="#b4">Bertera 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,112.60,403.32,83.06,8.78" target="#b25">Durden et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,200.11,403.32,33.88,8.78;23,51.49,415.32,69.90,8.78" target="#b62">Lee and Szinovacz 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,127.41,415.32,78.89,8.78" target="#b67">Lund et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,212.32,415.32,21.67,8.78;23,51.49,427.32,18.00,8.78" target="#b96">Rook 2003</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,78.32,427.32,17.22,8.78" target="#b97">Rook , 2015</ref>, yet little is known about who people find to be difficult and burdensome, what makes relationships with these individuals difficult, and why these relationships are present in networks. The extensive multifaceted egocentric method used in UCNets allowed us to address these issues and expand on previous studies by shedding new light on the sources and mechanisms of difficulty in personal networks. Our findings show that the vast majority of participants (about three-quarters in the younger cohort and two-thirds in the older cohort) nominated at least one person in their network as difficult or demanding. The proportion of difficult alters in a network, however, was relatively small, and even a smaller fraction were named solely as difficult alters who did not take part in any type of exchange with respondents. This finding, that most alters were not considered difficult, can be explained by people's tendency to avoid or exclude relationships that weigh on them <ref type="bibr" coords="23,252.00,367.32,99.48,8.78" target="#b50">(Harrigan and Yap 2017;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,354.18,367.32,76.85,8.78;23,252.00,379.32,44.33,8.78">Ikking and van Tillburg 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,299.73,379.32,54.51,8.78" target="#b82">Nelson 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,357.64,379.32,42.09,8.78" target="#b83">Offer 2012</ref>). However, even though they constituted a minority, difficult ties did exist in networks. Theories of tie formation, in either the agentic or the structure of opportunity approach, have not been applied to explain the existence and persistence of difficult ties in personal networks. The major contribution of this study is our examination of the different types of constraints that may pressure people to interact with others whom they would otherwise prefer to avoid or disengage from.</p><p>With respect to role-based constraints, the results support Hypothesis 2: difficult alters are likely to be found in contexts where individuals have relatively low levels of freedom and where associations are less voluntary. Friends were substantially less likely, and workmates more likely, to be mentioned in networks as solely difficult. Contrary to Hypothesis 2, however, neighbors were not more likely to be seen as difficult. This result may seem surprising, given the popular view that depicts neighbors as noisy and nosy. In Note: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. In the younger cohort: effects for wife and sister significant at p &lt; .001. In the older cohort: effects for mother and son significant at p &lt; .01; father significant at p &lt; .05 (compared to other relative).</p><p>fact, respondents in the younger cohort viewed their neighbors as less difficult than other alters. This result may reflect younger participants' greater physical mobility or their greater selectivity in dealing with neighbors.</p><p>As Hypothesis 1 postulates, close family appear to be a particularly constraining context. Close kin were substantially more likely to be considered difficult yet also engaged in exchange, compared to more distant kin and non-kin. Many ties with close kin include negative elements, perhaps because close family ties may, due to their nature and long duration, generate more multifaceted and intensive interactions, or because such ties are hard for individuals to drop due to strong normative constraints, or both (see the ambivalence literature, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="24,93.77,271.32,116.42,8.78" target="#b6">Birditt and Fingerman 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,214.44,271.32,14.66,8.78;24,51.48,283.32,109.29,8.78" target="#b20">Connidis and McMullin 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,165.64,283.32,68.36,8.78;24,51.48,295.32,22.18,8.78" target="#b34">Fingerman et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,77.22,295.32,100.31,8.78" target="#b62">Lee and Szinovacz 2016)</ref>. This finding suggests that despite demographic and cultural changes of the past four decades and the prevalent discourse about the weakening of the family, expectations from kin and a sense of familial responsibility remain strong <ref type="bibr" coords="24,167.73,355.32,66.25,8.78" target="#b3">(Bengtson 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,51.48,367.32,59.49,8.78" target="#b19">Connidis 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,113.21,367.32,56.30,8.78" target="#b54">Johnson 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,171.75,367.32,62.25,8.78;24,51.48,379.32,22.18,8.78" target="#b104">Silverstein et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,78.01,379.32,48.09,8.78" target="#b111">Swartz 2009</ref>). Analyses we conducted with a subsample from the UCNets 10 support this interpretation by showing that respondents felt substantially more obligated to close kin than to more distant kin and non-kin (see results in the online supplement).</p><p>Another possible explanation is related to the level of embeddedness in networks. People may find it difficult to avoid or disengage from burdensome ties in highly interconnected contexts because, as <ref type="bibr" coords="24,127.64,499.32,48.77,8.78" target="#b31">Feld (1981)</ref> explains, the amount of constraint in such contexts makes each tie highly dependent on the entire set of relationships (for empirical support, see <ref type="bibr" coords="24,216.67,535.32,17.33,8.78;24,51.48,547.32,20.90,8.78" target="#b14">Burt 2000)</ref>. This is most typical of close family. We found some preliminary support for this view using a subsample of names: alters named as difficult were more likely to know well most of the other alters in the subsample (i.e., they were more highly embedded) than alters who were not named as difficult. This effect was especially prevalent among close kin (see results in the online supplement). 11 Future research will benefit from a more comprehensive investigation of the role of network structure, including embeddedness, in the maintenance of difficult ties.</p><p>We also found that older respondents were more likely than the younger cohort to name close kin as difficult. This finding may reflect the particular status of 50-to 70-year-olds, who, sandwiched between two generations, face competing demands for their time and resources from adult children and aging parents. Studies show that today middle-aged parents continue to support their adult children for long periods of time <ref type="bibr" coords="24,357.84,211.32,76.67,8.78" target="#b38">(Furstenberg 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,252.00,223.32,97.13,8.78" target="#b101">Settersten and Ray 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,351.15,223.32,46.18,8.78" target="#b111">Swartz 2009</ref>). Simultaneously, because of the increase in longevity, these mature adults may also need to provide care for their elderly and often frail parents <ref type="bibr" coords="24,252.00,271.32,126.08,8.78" target="#b6">(Birditt and Fingerman 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,384.14,271.32,50.35,8.78;24,252.00,283.32,58.79,8.78" target="#b46">Grundy and Henretta 2006)</ref>. Such dual obligations to the generations above and below can be a major source of stress, conflict, and strain for 50-to 70-year-olds, especially considering that at this age they themselves may start experiencing health, economic, and other challenges that make it harder to support others.</p><p>Additionally, respondents in the older cohort were almost two times more likely to label as difficult their aging parents than their adult children, suggesting that dealing with aging parents is more burdensome than dealing with adult children. This interpretation is consistent with the intergenerational stake hypothesis, that parents are more emotionally invested in their children and report better quality relationships with them than with their parents <ref type="bibr" coords="24,305.55,487.32,128.95,8.78;24,252.00,499.32,21.53,8.78" target="#b41">(Giarrusso, Feng, and Bengtson 2004)</ref>. The finding from the model with interaction effects in the older cohort, showing that the association between difficulty and providing assistance to aging parents is stronger than the association with providing assistance to adult children, further supports this interpretation.</p><p>Another important family-related finding indicates that female relatives were generally more likely than male relatives to be named as either difficult-only ties or as difficult engaged-in-exchange ties. This gendered pattern may be explained by women's greater involvement in kinship networks <ref type="bibr" coords="24,401.73,655.32,32.77,8.78;25,51.49,67.32,27.22,8.78" target="#b35">(Fischer 1982a;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,81.22,67.32,64.73,8.78" target="#b98">Roschelle 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,148.46,67.32,85.56,8.78;25,51.49,79.32,22.78,8.78" target="#b100">Sarkisian and Gerstel 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,78.35,79.32,116.40,8.78" target="#b123">Wellman and Wortley 1990)</ref>. Women typically assume the role of household managers and kin-keepers who bear the major responsibility for maintaining relationships with relatives <ref type="bibr" coords="25,111.73,127.32,122.28,8.78" target="#b40">(Gerstel and Gallagher 1993)</ref> and planning and organizing family activities and events <ref type="bibr" coords="25,99.60,151.32,49.61,8.78" target="#b21">(Daly 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,153.27,151.32,47.81,8.78" target="#b103">Shaw 2008)</ref>. Women's more intensive contact and interaction with kin, and greater sense of obligation to kin, may make them more vulnerable to criticism and stress and provide fodder for tension and conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="25,104.60,211.32,129.41,8.78" target="#b20">(Connidis and McMullin 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,51.49,223.32,113.78,8.78" target="#b40">Gerstel and Gallagher 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,168.02,223.32,45.75,8.78" target="#b84">Offer 2014)</ref>.</p><p>This study also examined interactionbased constraints for alters who were engaged in a network. The results do not support Hypothesis 3, that alters providing more critical types of support are more likely to be perceived as difficult than alters providing less critical support. Almost none of the variables tapping support received from an alter were a significant predictor of being named in the "difficult" question. By contrast, providing support to an alter was a major source of difficulty in relationships (for similar results, see <ref type="bibr" coords="25,67.76,379.32,80.21,8.78" target="#b25">Durden et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,151.47,379.32,57.39,8.78" target="#b66">Lincoln 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,212.36,379.32,21.67,8.78;25,51.49,391.32,21.53,8.78" target="#b97">Rook 2015)</ref>. Furthermore, we did not find evidence to support Hypothesis 4, that reciprocated exchanges would be related to reduced difficulty compared to unreciprocated exchanges. Receiving support from alters did not attenuate the effect of just providing support to them. These results seem to deviate from previous studies, which, based on the norm of reciprocity approach, find that people generally feel more distressed by ties from which they overbenefit (i.e., gave less than they received) than by ties from which they underbenefit (i.e., gave more than they received) (see review in <ref type="bibr" coords="25,109.09,547.32,52.57,8.78" target="#b117">Uehara 1995)</ref>. Rather, our findings seem to suggest that underbenefiting is a more negative experience.</p><p>This interpretation, however, should be taken with much caution because our data reflect only the respondent's perspective and not that of the alter. Considering people's tendency to report that they give more help than they receive <ref type="bibr" coords="25,119.60,643.32,114.38,8.78;25,51.49,655.32,22.78,8.78" target="#b87">(Phan, Blumer, and Demaiter 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,78.95,655.32,55.08,8.78" target="#b117">Uehara 1995)</ref>, self-reported data can lead to biased results. Additionally, assessing the effect of reciprocity in a relationship based on self-reported information and cross-sectional data is problematic because it does not account for generalized forms of reciprocity 12 and the sometimes long time lag that takes place between receiving and returning support <ref type="bibr" coords="25,325.44,151.32,50.05,8.78" target="#b26">(Ekeh 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,378.88,151.32,55.62,8.78" target="#b99">Sahlins 1972;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,252.00,163.32,51.72,8.78" target="#b110">Stack 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,310.07,163.32,120.13,8.78" target="#b125">Yamagishi and Cook 1993)</ref>. These two considerations are especially important when dealing with familial relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="25,309.16,199.32,62.15,8.78" target="#b48">(Hansen 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,377.36,199.32,57.16,8.78" target="#b82">Nelson 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,252.00,211.32,79.08,8.78" target="#b88">Plickert et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,333.83,211.32,53.14,8.78" target="#b116">Uehara 1990)</ref>.</p><p>Several other study limitations are noteworthy. The question asking respondents to name the people they find difficult appeared last in the name-eliciting battery and was preceded by questions about positive exchanges. This may have led to the underestimation of the number of alters perceived to be difficult in a network. Additionally, although UCNets used an extensive name-eliciting methodology tapping a variety of exchanges, several social domains were not addressed. Thus, an alter named as a difficult-only tie might have, had we asked more name-eliciting questions, been named elsewhere, for example, as someone consulted about work issues. This, in turn, may have led to overestimating the number of difficult-only ties. Finally, the crosssectional nature of the data did not allow us to examine issues of causality and track difficult ties over time. Longitudinal data, which will be available in the next waves of the UCNets, will allow us to examine which difficult ties tend to persist in networks over time and which eventually disappear.</p><p>Nevertheless, despite these limitations, our study makes an important contribution to the literature on personal networks. By focusing on role-and interaction-based constraints, an insufficiently addressed issue in previous research, we help identify who is viewed as difficult in personal networks and better understand why they are there. As such, this study provides a more comprehensive and complex view of personal networks, which is important for understanding the functioning of networks and their enduring role in the lives of individuals. Total household income (before taxes) for married or partnered respondents; individual income for respondent living alone or with otherwise unrelated roommates. c Health problem refers to serious illness, recent hospitalization, and disability. d Mean and standard deviation (in parentheses) calculated at the aggregated person-level. * p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed tests) for differences between cohorts.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPeNDIx</head><p>1. A debate, beyond the scope of this article, exists in the literature regarding how to conceptualize accessibility: as an attribute of the potential alter that individuals take into account when making deliberate decisions about whom to include in their network, or as a condition of the situation (see review in Small and Sukhu 2016). 2. Homophily scholars describe how structural constraints, by delimiting the pool of potential associates, determine not only who is available but also who is not available, thus leading to induced homophily <ref type="bibr" coords="27,108.44,603.22,90.16,7.02" target="#b9">(Blau and Schwartz 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,202.88,603.22,31.11,7.02;27,69.49,613.22,50.90,7.02" target="#b58">Kossinets and Watts 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,122.01,613.22,111.98,7.02" target="#b75">McPherson and Smith-Lovin 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,69.49,623.22,118.45,7.02" target="#b79">Mollenhorst, Völker, and Flap 2008)</ref>. Our concept of constraint is different. We refer to the ways social and institutional contexts can coerce people to interact with others they would rather avoid. <ref type="formula" coords="27,349.82,292.70,21.33,7.02">(2016)</ref> use the term "negative tie" in their discussion of imbalanced structures when referring to the negative affect that individuals feel toward one another. In this article, we examine ties that tend to be complex and ambivalent-for example, ties that involve positive sentiments but also constitute a source of hardship-and therefore we use the term "difficult." 4. Research suggests that the importance people attribute to the norm of reciprocity varies by context and role relationship. Specifically, relationships to close kin and longtime friends have relatively flexible terms of return, and thus they tolerate more unilateral exchanges, compared to relationships to more distant associates <ref type="bibr" coords="27,356.65,432.70,77.88,7.02;27,270.00,442.70,45.36,7.02" target="#b2">(Antonucci, Fuhrer, and Jackson 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,317.17,442.70,92.88,7.02" target="#b53">Ikkink and van Tilburg 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,411.85,442.70,22.66,7.02;27,270.00,452.70,18.22,7.02" target="#b82">Nelson 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,290.22,452.70,58.22,7.02" target="#b88">Plickert et al. 2007</ref>). 5. UCNets wave 1 data will be made available to researchers. Consult its website, http://ucnets.berke ley.edu/researcher-resources/, or the second author. 6. We excluded 10 respondents who failed to follow instructions and gave unusable names, such as "family" and "sports" rather than real names. 7. We then trimmed weights above the 95th percentile and below the 5th percentile so no case would count more than the 95th percentile or less than the 5th percentile and thereby carry undue influence in the results. 8. The fact that some respondents in the young cohort were eventually recruited through Facebook and personal reference may violate the assumption that individual observations are independent, because some respondents may be connected to each other through shared ties. To address this issue, we estimated separate models for respondents recruited through Facebook and personal references and compared them to results obtained for the full sample. Overall, the models yield similar results. The main difference was in the model predicting difficult engaged-in-exchange ties: among Facebook and personal reference recruits, husbands, and not just wives as in the full sample, had higher log-odds of being named as difficult ties, whereas the effect for brothers was no longer significant (see results in the online supplement). Note, too, that all our multivariate analyses control for whether a respondent was recruited through Facebook or personal reference. 9. Consistent with previous longitudinal studies showing that most of the variance in ambivalent relationships over time is within rather than between individuals (Birditt, Jackey, and Antonucci 2009), our multilevel models reveal that the likelihood of having difficult-only and difficult engaged-in-exchange ties is little affected by individual-level variables. 10. Respondents went through more intensive questioning about a subsample of up to five alters. For these names, respondents were asked, among other questions, about the extent to which they felt obligated to the alter if the alter needed a big favor. Alters in the subsample were drawn from the six nameeliciting questions and excluded members of the household who were kin. Of the names offered in answer to each of the six questions, the procedure took the first name that qualified. Exploratory analyses showed that alters in the subsample tended to be more intimate than alters in the overall sample, but otherwise we saw no differences between the subsample and the overall sample of alters. 11. In the subsample, respondents were asked how well each pair of names knew each other ("know well," "know a little," or "do not know each other at all"). Answers to this question allowed us to calculate a measure of centrality, or embeddedness, for each alter in the subsample. At the descriptive preliminary level, we found that alters named as difficult had, on average and other traits held constant, higher centrality scores than alters who were not named as difficult (see results in the online supplement). Most of these ties were close kin (the relatively small size of the subsample did not allow us to estimate multilevel models). 12. The conditions and forms of return under generalized reciprocity are highly flexible and not stipulated in advance. Unlike restricted or balanced reciprocity, to use <ref type="bibr" coords="28,131.08,526.64,53.08,7.02" target="#b99">Sahlins's (1972)</ref> typology, generalized reciprocity does not require immediate return, return in the same domain, or even return from the same party (see examples <ref type="bibr" coords="28,186.53,556.64,47.47,7.02" target="#b110">in Stack 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="28,69.49,566.64,38.87,7.02" target="#b116">Uehara 1990</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Brashears and Brashears</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>references</head></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="17,51.49,258.48,379.11,8.52;17,51.49,268.98,22.49,8.52"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities of Kin Being Named as Difficult-Only Ties (50-to 70-Year-Olds)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="18,51.31,497.67,333.34,8.52;18,51.31,507.87,308.57,7.60;18,51.31,515.32,175.46,9.64"><head>Figure 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities of Non-Kin Being Named as Difficult-Only TiesNote: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. * p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed test).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="19,51.49,500.11,378.59,8.52;19,51.49,510.62,114.20,8.52;19,51.49,520.81,308.57,7.60;19,51.49,528.26,103.95,9.64"><head>Figure 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities of Alter Being Named a Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Tie by Type of Social ExchangeNote: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed test).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="20,51.56,502.79,378.59,8.52;20,51.56,513.29,380.71,8.52;20,51.56,523.79,78.50,8.52;20,51.56,533.98,308.57,7.60;20,51.56,541.44,141.70,9.64"><head>Figure 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities of Alter Being Named a Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Tie by Type of Social Exchange for Restricted Sample (Excluding Alters Who Provided Support to the Respondent)Note: All alter-and individual-level variables are held constant at their mean levels. ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed test).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="23,51.49,256.70,378.59,8.52;23,51.49,267.20,166.77,8.52"><head>Figure 6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities of Alter Being Named a Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Tie for Providing Support by Kin Categories</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="10,51.35,67.06,359.05,373.52"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Percentages of Alters in the Network, by Cohort (Weighted)</figDesc><table coords="10,51.35,85.81,359.05,354.77">21-to 30-Year-Olds 
(n = 5,022 alters) 

50-to 70-Year-Olds 
(n = 6,613 alters) 

Role Relationship 
Kin 
Wife 
1.2 
3.1 *** 
Husband 
1.3 
3.1 *** 
Female romantic partner 
1.7 
.8 *** 
Male romantic partner 
3.1 
.6 *** 
Mother 
8.0 
2.7 *** 
Father 
5.2 
1.5 *** 
Daughter 
5.2 
Son 
4.5 
Sister 
5.1 
5.4 
Brother 
3.7 
3.0 * 
Other female relative 
4.6 
7.2 *** 
Other male relative 
3.7 
4.9 ** 
Non-kin 
Housemate 
8.7 
3.3 *** 
Neighbor 
3.1 
7.3 *** 
Workmate 
9.0 
8.9 
Schoolmate 
12.0 
1.7 *** 
Churchmate 
4.9 
5.7 
Friend 
58.9 
53.9 *** 
Acquaintance 
4.1 
3.5 

Type of Social Exchange 
Socialize 
55.8 
56.3 
Confide 
30.5 
29.4 
Advice 
30.0 
25.3 *** 
Practical help 
22.8 
16.5 *** 
Emergency help 
31.5 
29.3 ** 
Provide support to alter 
42.0 
38.8 *** 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="12,51.34,63.06,378.13,538.29"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Mean Proportion of Difficult Ties in the Network, by Cohort (Weighted)</figDesc><table coords="12,51.34,85.56,378.13,515.79">21-to 30-Year-Olds 
(n = 480 respondents) 

50-to 70-Year-Olds 
(n = 666 respondents) 

Mean 
Proportion 

% Reporting No 
Difficult Alters 

Mean 
Proportion 

% Reporting No 
Difficult Alters 

Difficult Ties a 
.162 
(.149) 

25.3 
.131 *** 
(.129) 

33.0 

Difficult-only ties 
.046 
(.077) 

69.1 
.052 
(.092) 

67.1 

Difficult engaged-in-
exchange ties 

.117 
(.141) 

42.0 
.079 *** 
(.112) 

54.3 

Difficult Ties by Role 
Relationship b 

% Difficult-
Only 

% Difficult 
Engaged-in-
Exchange 

% Difficult-
Only 

% Difficult 
Engaged-in-
Exchange 

Kin 
Wife 
.0 
27.0 
.0 
13.0 * 
Husband 
.0 
20.0 
.0 
15.0 
Female romantic partner 
.0 
14.0 
.0 
28.0 
Male romantic partner 
.0 
19.0 
.0 
14.0 
Mother 
4.5 
24.0 
12.7 ** 
29.0 * 
Father 
5.6 
13.0 
2.1 
24.0 
Daughter 
.0 
.0 
6.0 
16.0 
Son 
.0 
.0 
5.2 
19.0 
Sister 
5.6 
30.0 
10.2 * 
8.0 *** 
Brother 
13.1 
13.0 
5.7 * 
5.0 * 
Other female relative 
11.0 
6.0 
6.5 
8.0 
Other male relative 
5.1 
7.0 
5.8 
5.0 
Non-kin 
Housemate 
3.3 
18.0 
.7 * 
24.0 
Neighbor 
.7 
5.0 
2.7 
3.0 
Workmate 
11.6 
6.0 
11.7 
5.0 
Schoolmate 
2.5 
9.0 
3.6 
4.0 * 
Churchmate 
3.5 
5.0 
2.9 
5.0 
Friend 
2.3 
7.0 
1.9 
6.0 
Acquaintance 
11.7 
9.0 
15.5 
6.0 

Difficult Ties by Type of Exchange b 
Socialize 
9.5 
8.0 ** 
Confide 
11.8 
9.0 ** 
Advice 
14.8 
8.0 *** 
Practical help 
9.9 
7.0 * 
Emergency help 
15.2 
11.2 *** 
Provide support to alter 
17.1 
14.9 ** 

a Aggregated person-level measures. 
b Name-level measures. 
* p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed tests) for differences between cohorts. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="14,51.31,62.39,383.03,599.99"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Multilevel Results Predicting the Log-Odds an Alter Would Be Named a Difficult Tie: Coefficients (Odds Ratios in Parentheses), by Cohort (Weighted)</figDesc><table coords="14,51.31,95.39,383.03,566.99">Difficult-Only Tie 
Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Tie 

21-to 30-Year-
Olds 

50-to 70-Year-
Olds 

21-to 30-Year-
Olds 

50-to 70-Year-
Olds 

Analysis 1 
Analysis 2 
Analysis 3 
Analysis 4 

Intercept 
−2.265 ** 
(.104) 

−2.599 *** 
(.074) 

−4.214 *** 
(.015) 

−3.728 *** 
(.024) 
Alter-level variables 
Role Relationship 
Kin 
Wife 
1.937 ** 
(6.935) 

.658 
(1.932) 
Husband 
1.273 
(3.573) 

.498 
(1.645) 
Female romantic 
partner 

1.036 
(2.819) 

1.736 ** 
(5.676) 
Male romantic 
partner 

.856 * 
(2.353) 

.964 
(2.623) 
Mother 
−.703 
(.495) 

.963 * 
(2.620) 

1.541 *** 
(4.669) 

1.848 *** 
(6.350) 
Father 
−.724 
(.482) 

−.190 
(.304) 

.827 
(2.287) 

1.716 *** 
(5.563) 
Daughter 
.914 * 
(2.493) 

1.036 *** 
(2.819) 
Son 
.404 
(1.497) 

1.231 *** 
(3.424) 
Sister 
−.120 
(.887) 

.820 * 
(2.271) 

2.025 *** 
(7.576) 

.691 *** 
(1.995) 
Brother 
.899 
(2.458) 

.083 
(1.087) 

.875 * 
(2.400) 

.062 
(1.064) 
[reference: other 
relative] 
Non-kin 
Housemate 
−.587 
(.556) 

−1.488 
(.226) 

.278 
(1.321) 

.547 
(1.727) 
Neighbor 
−2.265 ** 
(.104) 

−.398 
(.672) 

−.210 
(.811) 

−.701 
(.496) 
Workmate 
.844 ** 
(2.327) 

.620 * 
(1.858) 

−.251 
(.778) 

−.149 
(.862) 
Schoolmate 
−.403 
(.668) 

−.412 
(.662) 

.170 
(1.185) 

−.214 
(.807) 
Churchmate 
−.355 
(.701) 

−.359 
(.698) 

−.182 
(.834) 

−.030 
(.971) 
Friend 
−1.392 *** 
(.249) 

−1.756 *** 
(.173) 

−.244 
(.784) 

−.090 
(.914) 
Acquaintance 
.453 
(1.574) 

.316 
(1.372) 

.515 
(1.673) 

.317 
(1.373) 
Type of Social Exchange 
Socialize 
.041 
(1.042) 

−.109 
(.897) 

(continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="15,51.49,66.18,382.85,599.99"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>(continued)    </figDesc><table coords="15,391.82,658.58,42.51,7.60">(continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="16,51.56,66.18,83.02,8.55"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>(continued)    </figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="21,51.97,62.39,380.83,180.27"><head>Table 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Multilevel Results Predicting the Log-Odds an Alter Would Be Named a Difficult Engaged-in-Exchange Tie with Interactions between Providing Support to Alter and Support Received from Alter: Coefficients (Odds Ratios in Parentheses), by Cohort (Weighted)</figDesc><table coords="21,51.97,102.14,358.92,140.52">21-to 30-Year-Olds 
50-to 70-Year-Olds 

Providing support to alter 
1.426 *** 
(4.164) 

1.732 *** 
(5.652) 
x socialize 
.242 
(1.273) 

.033 
(1.034) 
x confide 
−.140 
(.869) 

−.051 
(.950) 
x advice 
−.171 
(.843) 

−.869 *** 
(.420) 
x practical help 
−.001 
(.999) 

−.035 
(.966) 
x emergency help 
−.008 
(.992) 

−.075 
(.928) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="22,51.49,62.39,368.72,454.27"><head>Table 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Multilevel</figDesc><table coords="22,51.49,62.39,368.72,454.27">Results Predicting the Log-Odds an Alter Would Be Named a Difficult 
Engaged-in-Exchange Tie with Interactions between Providing Support to Alter and Role 
Relationship: Coefficients (Odds Ratios in Parentheses), by Cohort (Weighted) 

21-to 30-Year-Olds 
50-to 70-Year-Olds 

Providing support to alter 
1.120 *** 
(3.034) 

1.414 *** 
(4.111) 
Kin 
x wife 
1.836 *** 
(6.274) 

−.437 
(.646) 
x husband 
.727 
(2.069) 

−.438 
(.645) 
x female romantic partner 
.483 
(2.198) 

1.283 
(3.607) 
x male romantic partner 
.788 
(1.621) 

−.713 
(.490) 
x mother 
.688 
(1.989) 

1.243 ** 
(3.465) 
x father 
−.444 
(.641) 

1.313 * 
(3.717) 
x daughter 
.535 
(1.708) 
x son 
.788 ** 
(2.199) 
x sister 
1.708 *** 
(5.520) 

−.089 
(.915) 
x brother 
.378 
(1.460) 

−.539 
(.583) 
Non-kin 
x housemate 
−.399 
(.712) 

.274 
(1.315) 
x neighbor 
−.055 
(.946) 

−.408 
(.665) 
x workmate 
−.072 
(.931) 

.009 
(1.009) 
x schoolmate 
.364 
(1.439) 

−1.048 
(.351) 
x churchmate 
−.856 
(.425) 

.601 
(1.824) 
x friend 
.020 
(1.021) 

−.257 
(.773) 
x acquaintance 
1.250 * 
(3.492) 

−.025 
(.976) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="26,51.24,99.01,358.98,406.52"><head>Table A1 .</head><label>A1</label><figDesc>Percentages for Respondent-Level Variables, by Cohort (Unweighted)Living in current town for two or fewer years.</figDesc><table coords="26,51.24,117.76,358.98,387.77">21-to 30-Year-Olds 
(n = 480) 

50-to 70-Year-Olds 
(n = 666) 

Male 
31.3 
35.7 
Age 50 to 60 
44.6 
Race/ethnicity 
White 
50.0 
75.2 *** 
Asian 
29.0 
10.0 *** 
Latino 
14.8 
6.0 *** 
Black and other 
6.3 
8.7 
Married 
11.3 
46.6 *** 
Partnered 
51.7 
16.7 *** 
Foreign-born 
19.0 
13.1 ** 
New resident in town a 
59.8 
5.9 *** 
Education 
Less than bachelor's degree 
23.5 
29.9 ** 
Bachelor's degree 
54.2 
24.8 *** 
More than bachelor's degree 
22.3 
35.3 *** 
Income b 
Low (up to $35,000) 
49.0 
18.3 *** 
Medium ($35,000 to $75,000) 
27.1 
26.9 
High ($75,000 and higher) 
24.0 
54.8 *** 
Self-reported health 
Excellent 
64.8 
58.3 * 
Good 
24.4 
24.9 
Fair or bad 
10.8 
16.8 ** 
No health problem c 
78.0 
67.0 *** 
Network size d 
11.24 
(4.25) 

10.33 *** 
(4.47) 
Prop. kin in network d 
35.62 
(19.43) 

40.25 *** 
(24.02) 
Web 
71.0 
24.0 *** 
Facebook 
59.4 
Personal reference 
7.3 

a 

b 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="27,51.49,62.39,358.92,175.77"><head>Table A2 .</head><label>A2</label><figDesc>Alter Descriptors, Percentages by Cohort (Weighted)</figDesc><table coords="27,51.49,81.14,358.92,157.02">21-to 30-Year-Olds 
(n = 5,022 alters) 

50-to 70-Year-Olds 
(n = 6,613 alters) 

Alter Descriptors 
Female (for non-kin) 
32.6 
35.9 *** 
Same age 
62.5 
44.4 *** 
Older 
33.0 
13.3 *** 
Met in past year 
15.5 
5.4 *** 
Emotionally close 
45.0 
46.3 
Share household 
13.0 
9.9 *** 
Live within five min. 
20.8 
22.3 * 
Live over one hour away 
30.3 
21.9 *** 
Same religion 
49.2 
45.9 *** 
Same race 
65.9 
71.7 *** 
Different political opinion 
22.9 
18.1 *** 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">* p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01; *** p &lt; .001 (two-tailed tests) for differences between cohorts.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We wish to thank Ori Schwartz, the University of California Social Network Study's (UCNets) Executive Director, Leora Lawton, and participants, and the four ASR anonymous reviewers for their excellent comments and suggestions. We also thank the Center for Economic and Social Research at the University of South California for development and data management, especially programmer Bart Orriens, and UCNets fieldwork managers, Kenric Erickson and Cat Conti.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Funding</head><p>This research is supported by National Institute of Aging Grant R01 AG041955-01, Claude S. Fischer, principal investigator.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Copyright of American Sociological Review is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="28,51.49,608.48,182.51,7.02;28,63.49,618.48,170.51,7.02;28,63.49,628.48,170.53,7.02;28,63.49,638.48,170.51,7.03;28,63.49,648.48,136.66,7.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family Relationships and Troubled Sleep among U.S. Adults: Examining the Influences of Contact Frequency and Relationship Quality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ailshire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sarah</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Burgard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Health and Social Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="248" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,66.64,182.50,7.02;28,264.00,76.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,86.64,170.51,7.02;28,264.00,96.64,170.54,7.03;28,264.00,106.64,170.51,7.03;28,264.00,116.64,170.51,7.03;28,264.00,126.64,137.09,7.02" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Convoys of Social Relations: Integrating Life-Span and Life-Course Perspectives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toni</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Antonucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fiori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kira</forename><surname>Birditt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">M H</forename><surname>Jackey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Handbook of Life-Span Development</title>
		<editor>R. M. Lerner, M. E. Lamb, and A. M. Freund</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hoboken, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="434" to="73" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Social and Emotional Development</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,136.64,182.49,7.02;28,264.00,146.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,156.64,170.50,7.03;28,264.00,166.64,154.00,7.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Support and Reciprocity: A Cross-Ethnic and Cross-National Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toni</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Antonucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><surname>Fuhrer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="549" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,176.64,182.51,7.02;28,264.00,186.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,196.64,170.50,7.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond the Nuclear Family: The Increasing Importance of Multigenerational Bonds</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vern</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bengtson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,206.64,182.50,7.02;28,264.00,216.64,170.49,7.02;28,264.00,226.64,170.51,7.03;28,264.00,236.64,162.22,7.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mental Health in U.S. Adults: The Role of Positive Social Support and Social Negativity in Personal Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bertera</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="48" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,246.64,182.50,7.02;28,264.00,256.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,266.64,170.50,7.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship Quality Profiles and Well-Being among Married Adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kira</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Birditt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toni</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Antonucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Family Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="595" to="604" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,276.64,182.53,7.02;28,264.00,286.64,170.51,7.02;28,264.00,296.64,170.63,7.03;28,264.00,306.64,170.52,7.03;28,264.00,316.64,138.85,7.02" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Parent-Child and Intergenerational Relationships in Adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kira</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Birditt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fingerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>M. A. Fine and F. D. Finchman</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>Taylor &amp; Francis</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="87" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Handbook of Family Theories: A Content-Based Approach</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,326.64,182.51,7.02;28,264.00,336.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,346.64,170.53,7.03;28,264.00,356.64,170.50,7.03;28,264.00,366.64,66.66,7.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Longitudinal Patterns of Negative Relationship Quality across Adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kira</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Birditt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Lisa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toni</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Jackey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Antonucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Gerontology Series B: Psychological and Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,376.64,182.53,7.03;28,264.00,386.64,143.56,7.02" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Exchange and Power in Social Life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Transaction Publishers</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Brunswick, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,396.64,182.49,7.03;28,264.00,406.64,170.50,7.03;28,264.00,416.64,35.34,7.02" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Crosscutting Social Circles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Transaction Publishers</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Brunswick, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,426.64,182.52,7.02;28,264.00,436.64,170.52,7.02;28,264.00,446.64,170.50,7.02;28,264.00,456.64,170.51,7.03;28,264.00,466.64,170.54,7.03;28,264.00,476.64,128.89,7.02" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Friendship across the Life Span: Reciprocity in Individual and Relationship Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rosemary</forename><surname>Blieszner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Roberto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fingerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Growing Together: Personal Relationships across the Life Span</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="159" to="82" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,486.64,182.50,7.02;28,264.00,496.63,170.50,7.03;28,264.00,506.63,170.53,7.03;28,264.00,516.64,75.99,7.02" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">in Handbook of Theory and Research for the Sociology of Education</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierre</forename><surname>Bourdieu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. G. Richardson</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Greenwood</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="58" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Forms of Capital</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,526.64,182.53,7.02;28,264.00,536.64,170.51,7.02;28,264.00,546.64,170.52,7.02;28,264.00,556.63,170.52,7.03;28,264.00,566.63,62.36,7.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trivial&apos; Topics and Rich Ties: The Relationship between Discussion Topic, Alter Role, and Resource Availability Using the &apos;Important Matters&apos; Name Generator</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Brashears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="493" to="511" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,576.64,182.53,7.02;28,264.00,586.64,170.49,7.02;28,264.00,596.63,170.51,7.03;28,264.00,606.63,84.51,7.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Enemy of My Friend Is Easy to Remember: Balance as a Compression Heuristic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Brashears</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brashears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in Group Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="31" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,616.63,182.51,7.03;28,264.00,626.63,49.34,7.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decay Functions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Burt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.00,636.64,182.52,7.02;28,264.00,646.64,170.52,7.02;29,63.49,66.64,170.51,7.02;29,63.49,76.63,170.50,7.03;29,63.49,86.63,91.11,7.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Support, Social Strain, Loneliness, and Well-Being among Older Adults: An Analysis of the Health and Retirement Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yixin</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Feeley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="141" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,96.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,106.64,170.54,7.02;29,63.49,116.63,170.51,7.03;29,63.49,126.63,67.98,7.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Can We Improve Our Physical Health by Altering Our Social Networks?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sheldon</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Denise</forename><surname>Janicki-Deverts</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="375" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,136.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,146.63,170.50,7.03;29,63.49,156.64,45.12,7.02" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Capital in the Creation of Human Capital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Coleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,166.63,182.51,7.03;29,63.49,176.64,170.51,7.02;29,63.49,186.64,32.45,7.02" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Foundations of Social Theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Coleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Belknap Press of Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,196.64,182.53,7.02;29,63.49,206.63,170.50,7.03;29,63.49,216.63,112.88,7.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring Ambivalence in Family Ties: Progress and Prospects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ingrid</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Connidis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,226.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,236.64,170.52,7.02;29,63.49,246.63,170.52,7.03;29,63.49,256.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sociological Ambivalence and Family Ties: A Critical Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ingrid</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Connidis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julie</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mcmullin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="558" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,266.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,276.63,170.51,7.03;29,63.49,286.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Time, Gender, and the Negotiation of Family Schedules</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Daly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kerry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Symbolic Interaction</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="365" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,296.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,306.63,170.50,7.03;29,63.49,316.64,61.26,7.02" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Disposable Ties and the Urban Poor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><surname>Desmond</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1295" to="1335" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,326.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,336.64,170.52,7.02;29,63.49,346.64,170.50,7.02;29,63.49,356.63,159.54,7.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Creating Networks for Survival and Mobility: Social Capital among African American and Latin American Low-Income Mothers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sylvia</forename><surname>Domínguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Celeste</forename><surname>Watkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Problems</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,366.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,376.64,170.51,7.02;29,63.49,386.63,99.18,7.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Context, Spatial Structure, and Network Structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patrick</forename><surname>Doreian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norman</forename><surname>Conti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,396.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,406.64,170.51,7.02;29,63.49,416.64,170.50,7.02;29,63.49,426.63,170.52,7.03;29,63.49,436.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Demands, Social Supports, and Psychological Distress among Low-Income Women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emily</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Durden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terrence</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Angel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,446.63,182.51,7.03;29,63.49,456.63,165.32,7.03" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social Exchange Theory: The Two Traditions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Ekeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,466.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,476.63,164.87,7.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Power-Dependence Relations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Emerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="1962" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,486.64,182.50,7.02;29,63.49,496.64,170.53,7.02;29,63.49,506.63,151.02,7.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Network Analysis, Culture, and the Problem of Agency</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mustafa</forename><surname>Emirbayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeff</forename><surname>Goodwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1411" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,516.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,526.64,170.53,7.02;29,63.49,536.63,170.54,7.03;29,63.49,546.63,129.92,7.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Networks and Contexts: Variation in the Structure of Social Ties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barbara</forename><surname>Entwisle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><surname>Faust</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rindfuss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toshiko</forename><surname>Kaneda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1495" to="1533" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,556.64,182.53,7.02;29,63.49,566.63,170.52,7.03;29,63.49,576.64,35.63,7.02" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Networks Containing Negative Ties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Everett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Borgatti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="131" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,586.64,182.52,7.02;29,63.49,596.63,170.53,7.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Focused Organization of Social Ties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Feld</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1015" to="1050" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,606.64,182.54,7.02;29,63.49,616.63,170.51,7.03;29,63.49,626.63,86.43,7.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Structural Determinants of Similarity among Associates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Feld</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="797" to="801" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,51.49,636.64,182.53,7.02;29,63.49,646.64,170.53,7.02;29,264.00,66.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,76.64,170.51,7.02;29,264.00,86.64,77.10,7.02" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foci of Activity as Changing Contexts for Friendship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Feld</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Carter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Placing Friendship in Context</title>
		<editor>R. G. Adams and G. Allan</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="136" to="52" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,96.64,182.50,7.02;29,264.00,106.64,170.48,7.02;29,264.00,116.64,170.51,7.02;29,264.00,126.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,136.64,14.00,7.02" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Best of Ties, the Worst of Ties: Close, Problematic, and Ambivalent Social Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fingerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Elizabeth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kira</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Birditt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="792" to="808" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,146.63,182.51,7.03;29,264.00,156.63,170.51,7.03;29,264.00,166.64,69.78,7.02" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">To Dwell among Friends: Personal Networks in Town and City</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,176.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,186.63,135.10,7.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Do We Mean by &apos;Friend&apos;?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,196.63,182.53,7.03;29,264.00,206.63,170.52,7.03;29,264.00,216.63,169.86,7.03" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Century of Difference: How America Changed in the Last One Hundred Years</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Hout</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Russell Sage Foundation</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,226.64,182.54,7.02;29,264.00,236.63,170.52,7.03;29,264.00,246.63,103.41,7.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On a New Schedule: Transitions to Adulthood and Family Change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Furstenberg</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Frank</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Future of Children</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,256.63,182.52,7.03;29,264.00,266.63,155.93,7.03" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Facing the Mirror: Older Women and Beauty Shop Culture</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frida</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Furman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Routledge</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,276.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,286.64,170.52,7.02;29,264.00,296.63,152.79,7.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Caring for Kith and Kin: Gender, Employment, and the Privatization of Care</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naomi</forename><surname>Gerstel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sally</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Gallagher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Problems</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="558" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,306.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,316.64,170.50,7.02;29,264.00,326.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,336.63,52.45,7.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Intergenerational Stake Phenomenon over 20 Years</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roseann</forename><surname>Giarrusso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Due</forename><surname>Feng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vern</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bengtson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Gerontology and Geriatrics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,346.63,182.53,7.03;29,264.00,356.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,366.63,170.51,7.03;29,264.00,376.64,18.89,7.02" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Choosing a Better Life: Evaluating the Moving to Opportunity Social Experiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Goering</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Feins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Urban Institute Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,386.64,182.53,7.02;29,264.00,396.63,145.76,7.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Norm of Reciprocity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alwin</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Gouldner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1960" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,406.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,416.63,170.51,7.03;29,264.00,426.63,118.22,7.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Economic Action and Social Structure: The Problem of Embeddedness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Granovetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="510" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,436.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,446.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,456.63,170.53,7.03;29,264.00,466.63,170.53,7.03;29,264.00,476.64,167.34,7.02" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Theoretical Agenda for Economic Sociology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">M F</forename><surname>Granovetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Guillén</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>England</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The New Economic Sociology: Developments in an Emerging Field</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Russell Sage Foundation</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="60" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,486.64,182.50,7.02;29,264.00,496.64,170.51,7.02;29,264.00,506.64,170.52,7.02;29,264.00,516.63,143.98,7.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Between Elderly Parents and Adult Children: A New Look at the Intergenerational Care Provided by the &apos;Sandwich Generation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emily</forename><surname>Grundy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Henretta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ageing &amp; Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="702" to="722" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,526.63,182.52,7.03;29,264.00,536.63,154.10,7.03" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Marriage in a Culture of Divorce</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karla</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Hackstaff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Temple University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Philadelphia</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,546.64,182.51,7.02;29,264.00,556.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,566.63,75.10,7.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Asking Rules of Reciprocity in Networks of Care for Children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Qualitative Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="458" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,576.63,182.53,7.03;29,264.00,586.63,170.50,7.03;29,264.00,596.64,81.55,7.02" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Not-So-Nuclear Families: Class, Gender, and Networks of Care</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Rutgers University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Brunswick, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,606.64,182.52,7.02;29,264.00,616.64,170.52,7.02;29,264.00,626.63,143.26,7.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Avoidance in Negative Ties: Inhibiting Closure, Reciprocity and Homophily</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicholas</forename><surname>Harrigan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Janice</forename><surname>Yap</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="126" to="167" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,252.00,636.64,182.53,7.02;29,264.00,646.63,151.32,7.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Behavior as Exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>Homans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="597" to="606" />
			<date type="published" when="1958" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,66.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,76.64,170.52,7.02;30,63.49,86.63,132.22,7.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structures and Processes of Social Support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>House</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Debra</forename><surname>Umberson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karl</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Landis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="318" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,96.64,182.54,7.02;30,63.49,106.64,170.50,7.02;30,63.49,116.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,126.63,77.78,7.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Broken Ties: Reciprocity and Other Factors Affecting the Termination of Older Adults&apos; Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><surname>Ikkink</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Theo</forename><surname>Van Tilburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="177" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,136.64,182.52,7.02;30,63.49,146.63,170.50,7.03;30,63.49,156.63,81.99,7.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perspectives on American Kinship in the Later 1990s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Colleen</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and the Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="623" to="662" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,166.63,182.52,7.03;30,63.49,176.63,139.55,7.03" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Understanding Social Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Kadushin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,186.64,182.54,7.02;30,63.49,196.63,170.53,7.03;30,63.49,206.63,170.54,7.03;30,63.49,216.64,10.00,7.02" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Ties and Mental Health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ichiro</forename><surname>Kawachi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Berkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Urban Health: Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="458" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,226.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,236.64,170.52,7.02;30,63.49,246.64,170.51,7.02;30,63.49,256.63,103.78,7.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparing Four Different Methods for Measuring Personal Social Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Killworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gene</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mccarty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><surname>Shelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,266.64,182.52,7.02;30,63.49,276.64,170.52,7.02;30,63.49,286.63,155.02,7.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Origins of Homophily in an Evolving Social Network</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gueorgi</forename><surname>Kossinets</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Duncan</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Watts</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">115</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="405" to="450" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,296.64,182.52,7.02;30,63.49,306.63,170.50,7.03;30,63.49,316.64,26.00,7.02" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Affect Theory of Social Exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lawler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="321" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,326.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,336.64,170.50,7.02;30,63.49,346.63,170.50,7.03;30,63.49,356.63,170.50,7.03;30,63.49,366.64,144.29,7.02" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Friendship as a Social Process: A Substantive and Methodological Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Lazarsfeld</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Merton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Freedom and Control in Modern Society</title>
		<editor>M. Berger, T. Abel, and C. Page</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Van Nostrand</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1954" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="18" to="66" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,376.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,386.64,170.51,7.02;30,63.49,396.63,89.32,7.03" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neighborhood Context and Residential Mobility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barret</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Oropesa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Demography</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,406.64,182.51,7.02;30,63.49,416.64,170.50,7.02;30,63.49,426.64,170.50,7.02;30,63.49,436.63,151.99,7.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive, Negative, and Ambivalent Interactions with Family and Friends: Associations with Well-Being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hyo</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maximiliane</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Jung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Szinovacz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marriage and Family</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="660" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,446.64,182.49,7.02;30,63.49,456.64,170.53,7.02;30,63.49,466.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,476.63,76.43,7.03" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contact, Support, and Friction: Three Faces of Networks in Community Life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ann</forename><surname>Leffler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Krannich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dair</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gillespie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="337" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,486.63,182.52,7.03;30,63.49,496.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,506.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,516.64,30.66,7.02" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ain&apos;t No Trust: How Bosses, Boyfriends, and Bureaucrats Fail Low-Income Mothers and Why It Matters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><surname>Levine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,526.63,182.50,7.03;30,63.49,536.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,546.64,32.45,7.02" xml:id="b65">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social Capital: A Theory of Social Structure and Action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nan</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,556.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,566.64,170.52,7.02;30,63.49,576.63,118.20,7.03" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Support, Negative Social Interactions, and Psychological Well-Being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lincoln</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Service Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,586.64,182.50,7.02;30,63.49,596.64,170.53,7.02;30,63.49,606.64,170.52,7.02;30,63.49,616.63,170.51,7.03;30,63.49,626.63,98.89,7.03" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stressful Social Relations and Mortality: A Prospective Cohort Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rikke</forename><surname>Lund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ulla</forename><surname>Christensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charlotte</forename><forename type="middle">Juul</forename><surname>Nilsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margit</forename><surname>Kriegbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naja Hulvej</forename><surname>Rod</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="720" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,51.49,636.64,182.52,7.02;30,63.49,646.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,66.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,76.63,170.51,7.03;30,264.00,86.63,109.39,7.03" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Integrating Social Exchange and Affective Explanations for the Receipt of Help and Harm: A Social Network Approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brent</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lyons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brent</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="66" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,96.64,182.52,7.02;30,264.00,106.64,170.51,7.02;30,264.00,116.63,170.52,7.03;30,264.00,126.64,49.55,7.02" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are Respondents More Likely to List Alters with Certain Characteristics? Implications for Name Generator Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Marin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="289" to="307" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,136.64,182.53,7.02;30,264.00,146.64,170.53,7.02;30,264.00,156.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,166.63,129.09,7.03" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simplifying the Personal Network Name Generator: Alternative to Traditional Multiple and Single Name Generator</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Marin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Keith</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hampton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Field Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,176.64,182.51,7.02;30,264.00,186.63,170.52,7.03;30,264.00,196.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Core Discussion Networks of Americans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Marsden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,206.64,182.53,7.02;30,264.00,216.64,170.54,7.02;30,264.00,226.63,170.54,7.03;30,264.00,236.63,170.50,7.03;30,264.00,246.64,170.51,7.02;30,264.00,256.64,32.45,7.02" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Network Diversity, Subcultures, and Opportunities for Contact</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Marsden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Papers in Honor of Peter M. Blau</title>
		<editor>C. Calhoun, M. W. Meyer, and W. R. Scott</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Pp. 397-410 in Structures of Power and Constraint</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,266.63,182.51,7.03;30,264.00,276.63,170.53,7.03;30,264.00,286.64,24.66,7.02" xml:id="b73">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Gift: The Form and Reason for Exchange in Archaic Societies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marcel</forename><surname>Mauss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1923" />
			<pubPlace>New York; Norton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,296.64,182.49,7.02;30,264.00,306.63,170.51,7.03;30,264.00,316.63,128.35,7.03" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Procedure for Surveying Personal Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynne</forename><surname>Mccallister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="179" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,326.64,182.53,7.02;30,264.00,336.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,346.64,170.52,7.02;30,264.00,356.63,145.76,7.03" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Homophily in Voluntary Organizations: Status Distance and the Composition of Face-to-Face Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mcpherson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynn</forename><surname>Smith-Lovin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="370" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,366.64,182.53,7.02;30,264.00,376.64,170.51,7.02;30,264.00,386.63,166.87,7.03" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Birds of a Feather: Homophily in Social Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mcpherson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynn</forename><surname>Smith-Lovin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="459" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,396.63,182.50,7.03;30,264.00,406.63,170.51,7.03;30,264.00,416.64,75.55,7.02" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Fragmented Ties: Salvadoran Immigrant Networks in America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cecilia</forename><surname>Menjívar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,426.64,182.51,7.02;30,264.00,436.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,446.63,101.55,7.03" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Distance Matter in the Age of the Internet?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Diana</forename><surname>Mok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Wellman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Juan</forename><surname>Carrasco</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Urban Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2747" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,456.64,182.53,7.02;30,264.00,466.64,170.53,7.02;30,264.00,476.64,170.51,7.02;30,264.00,486.63,170.53,7.03;30,264.00,496.64,41.55,7.02" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Contexts and Personal Relationships: The Effect of Meeting Opportunities on Similarity of Relationships of Different Strength</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerald</forename><surname>Mollenhorst</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Beate</forename><surname>Völker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henk</forename><surname>Flap</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,506.64,182.50,7.02;30,264.00,516.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,526.64,170.50,7.02;30,264.00,536.63,146.22,7.03" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changes in Personal Relationships: How Social Contexts Affect the Emergence and Discontinuation of Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerald</forename><surname>Mollenhorst</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Beate</forename><surname>Völker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henk</forename><surname>Flap</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,546.63,182.51,7.03;30,264.00,556.63,170.53,7.03;30,264.00,566.64,170.52,7.02;30,264.00,576.64,85.54,7.02" xml:id="b81">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">Nonresponse in Social Science Surveys: A Research Agenda</title>
		<editor>R. Tourangeau and T. J. Plewes</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Washington, DC</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>The National Academies Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Research Council</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,586.63,182.52,7.03;30,264.00,596.63,170.52,7.03;30,264.00,606.64,71.56,7.02" xml:id="b82">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Social Economy of Single Motherhood: Raising Children in Rural America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margaret</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Routledge</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,252.00,616.64,182.50,7.02;30,264.00,626.64,170.51,7.02;30,264.00,636.63,170.52,7.03;30,264.00,646.63,83.10,7.03" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Burden of Reciprocity: Processes of Exclusion and Withdrawal from Personal Networks among Low-Income Families</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shira</forename><surname>Offer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="788" to="805" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,66.64,182.54,7.02;31,63.49,76.64,170.52,7.02;31,63.49,86.64,170.53,7.02;31,63.49,96.63,146.44,7.03" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Costs of Thinking about Work and Family: Mental Labor, Work-Family Spillover, and Gender Equality among Parents in Dual-Earner Families</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shira</forename><surname>Offer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Forum</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="916" to="952" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,106.64,182.50,7.02;31,63.49,116.64,170.50,7.02;31,63.49,126.64,170.52,7.02;31,63.49,136.63,163.10,7.03" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Functional Specificity in Discussion Networks: The Influence of General and Problem-Specific Networks on Health Outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brea</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Perry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bernice</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pescosolido</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,146.64,182.50,7.02;31,63.49,156.64,170.50,7.02;31,63.49,166.63,159.02,7.03" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond Rational Choice: The Social Dynamics of How People Seek Help</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bernice</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pescosolido</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1096" to="1138" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,176.64,182.52,7.02;31,63.49,186.64,170.50,7.02;31,63.49,196.64,170.50,7.02;31,63.49,206.63,170.53,7.03;31,63.49,216.63,76.00,7.03" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Helping Hands: Neighborhood Diversity, Deprivation, and Reciprocity of Support in Non-Kin Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mai</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Phan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nadine</forename><surname>Blumer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Demaiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6-7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="899" to="918" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,226.64,182.49,7.02;31,63.49,236.64,170.53,7.02;31,63.49,246.64,170.50,7.02;31,63.49,256.63,103.78,7.03" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s Not Who You Know, It&apos;s How You Know Them: Who Exchanges What with Whom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gabrielle</forename><surname>Plickert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rochelle</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Côté</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Wellman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="405" to="429" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,266.64,182.51,7.02;31,63.49,276.63,170.50,7.03;31,63.49,286.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Status-Based Model of Market Competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podolny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="829" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,296.64,182.51,7.02;31,63.49,306.64,170.52,7.02;31,63.49,316.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,326.63,118.22,7.03" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Embeddedness and Immigration: Notes on the Social Determinants of Economic Action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alejandro</forename><surname>Portes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julia</forename><surname>Sensenbrenner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1320" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,336.64,182.52,7.02;31,63.49,346.63,170.50,7.03;31,63.49,356.64,59.11,7.02" xml:id="b91">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Hierarchical Linear Models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Raudenbush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bryk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,366.64,182.51,7.02;31,63.49,376.63,170.50,7.03;31,63.49,386.64,32.21,7.02" xml:id="b92">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Raudenbush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Anthony</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Bryk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Congdon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>2013. HLM 7.01 for Windows</idno>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>Computer software</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,406.64,182.53,7.02;31,63.49,416.63,170.51,7.03;31,63.49,426.63,108.14,7.03" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Equity Considerations in the Friendships of Older Adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Roberto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Gerontology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="288" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,436.64,182.50,7.02;31,63.49,446.64,170.52,7.02;31,63.49,456.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,466.64,57.26,7.02" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Negative Side of Social Interaction: Impact on Psychological Well-Being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1097" to="1108" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,476.64,183.12,7.02;31,63.49,486.64,170.53,7.02;31,63.49,496.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,506.63,170.53,7.03;31,63.49,516.64,170.53,7.02;31,63.49,526.64,117.55,7.02" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stressful Aspects of Older Adults&apos; Social Relationships: Current Theory and Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Pp. 173-92 in Stress and Coping in Later-Life Families</title>
		<editor>M. A. Parris Stephens, J. N. Crowther, S. E. Hobfoll, and D. L. Tennenbaum</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Hemisphere Publishing Corporation</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,536.64,182.54,7.02;31,63.49,546.64,170.53,7.02;31,63.49,556.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,566.63,130.74,7.03" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exposure and Reactivity to Negative Social Exchanges: A Preliminary Investigation Using Daily Time Diaries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Gerontology: Psychological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="100" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,576.64,182.50,7.02;31,63.49,586.64,170.52,7.02;31,63.49,596.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,606.63,84.80,7.03" xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Networks in Later Life: Weighing Positive and Negative Effects on Health and Well-Being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,616.63,182.49,7.03;31,63.49,626.63,170.52,7.03;31,63.49,636.64,94.89,7.02" xml:id="b98">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">No More Kin: Exploring Race, Class, and Gender in Family Networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Roschelle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,51.49,646.63,182.51,7.03;31,63.49,656.64,67.33,7.02" xml:id="b99">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sahlins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Stone Age Economics. Chicago: Aldine and Atherton</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,66.64,182.51,7.02;31,264.00,76.64,170.50,7.02;31,264.00,86.63,170.50,7.03;31,264.00,96.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Kin Support among Blacks and Whites: Race and Family Organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Natalia</forename><surname>Sarkisian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naomi</forename><surname>Gerstel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="812" to="849" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,106.63,182.53,7.03;31,264.00,116.63,170.52,7.03;31,264.00,126.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,136.63,120.22,7.03" xml:id="b101">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Not Quite Adults: Why 20-Somethings Are Choosing a Slower Path to Adulthood, and Why It&apos;s Good for Everyone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Settersten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barbara</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Bantam Books</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,146.64,182.52,7.02;31,264.00,156.64,170.51,7.02;31,264.00,166.63,170.50,7.03;31,264.00,176.63,98.00,7.03" xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tracking Changes in Social Relations throughout Late Life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Neal</forename><surname>Krause</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jersey</forename><surname>Liang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joan</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Gerontology: Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,186.64,182.50,7.02;31,264.00,196.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,206.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family Leisure and Changing Ideologies of Parenthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociology Compass</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="688" to="703" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,216.64,182.51,7.02;31,264.00,226.64,170.51,7.02;31,264.00,236.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,246.63,71.10,7.03" xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intergenerational Support to Aging Parents: The Role of Norms and Needs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Merrill</forename><surname>Silverstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daphna</forename><surname>Gans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frances</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Family Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1068" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,256.64,182.51,7.02;31,264.00,266.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,276.64,145.06,7.02" xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Faithfulness and Gratitude</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Georg</forename><surname>Simmel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Pp. 379-95 in The Sociology of Georg Simmel</title>
		<editor>K. H. Wolff</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Free Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1950" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,286.63,182.50,7.03;31,264.00,296.63,170.50,7.03;31,264.00,306.64,79.77,7.02" xml:id="b106">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Unanticipated Gains: Origins of Network Inequality in Everyday Life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mario</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,316.64,182.51,7.02;31,264.00,326.64,170.52,7.02;31,264.00,336.63,170.53,7.03;31,264.00,346.63,77.78,7.03" xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Weak Ties and the Core Discussion Network: Why People Regularly Discuss Important Matters with Unimportant Alters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mario</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="470" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,356.64,182.50,7.02;31,264.00,366.64,170.52,7.02;31,264.00,376.63,133.76,7.03" xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Stable Is the Core Discussion Network?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mario</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Vontrese Deeds Pamphile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mcmahan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Network</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="102" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,386.64,182.53,7.02;31,264.00,396.64,170.53,7.02;31,264.00,406.63,170.52,7.03;31,264.00,416.63,53.34,7.03" xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Because They Were There: Access, Deliberation, and the Mobilization of Networks for Support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mario</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Sukhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,426.63,182.53,7.03;31,264.00,436.63,161.02,7.03" xml:id="b110">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">All Our Kin: Strategies for Survival in a Black Community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carol</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Stack</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
			<publisher>Harper &amp; Row</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,446.64,182.50,7.02;31,264.00,456.64,170.52,7.02;31,264.00,466.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,476.63,107.10,7.03" xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intergenerational Family Relations in Adulthood: Patterns, Variations, and Implications in the Contemporary United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Teresa</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Swartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,486.63,182.51,7.03;31,264.00,496.63,132.05,7.03" xml:id="b112">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Social Psychology of Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Thibaut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harold</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1959" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,506.64,182.50,7.02;31,264.00,516.63,170.51,7.03;31,264.00,526.63,144.88,7.03" xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mechanisms Linking Social Ties and Support to Physical and Mental Health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peggy</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thoits</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Health and Social Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,536.64,182.54,7.02;31,264.00,546.64,170.49,7.02;31,264.00,556.63,170.53,7.03;31,264.00,566.63,164.63,7.03" xml:id="b114">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is It Better to Give or to Receive? Social Support and the Well-being of Older Adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patricia</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,576.63,182.50,7.03;31,264.00,586.63,159.98,7.03" xml:id="b115">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Old New York: Late Life in the City</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stacey</forename><surname>Torres</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Forthcoming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,596.64,182.53,7.02;31,264.00,606.63,170.52,7.03;31,264.00,616.63,114.22,7.03" xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dual Exchange Theory, Social Networks, and Informal Social Support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edwina</forename><surname>Uehara</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="521" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,252.00,626.64,182.52,7.02;31,264.00,636.64,170.52,7.02;31,264.00,646.63,170.52,7.03;31,264.00,656.63,68.00,7.03" xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reciprocity Reconsidered: Gouldner&apos;s &apos;Moral Norm of Reciprocity&apos; and Social Support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edwina</forename><surname>Uehara</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="483" to="502" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,66.64,182.52,7.02;32,63.49,76.64,170.53,7.02;32,63.49,86.63,170.51,7.03;32,63.49,96.64,49.55,7.02" xml:id="b118">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multilevel Analysis of Personal Networks as Dependent Variables</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Van Duijn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jooske</forename><surname>Marijtje</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><surname>Van Busschbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Snijder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="209" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,106.64,182.52,7.02;32,63.49,116.63,170.51,7.03;32,63.49,126.63,170.50,7.03" xml:id="b119">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Support Networks Before and After Retirement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Theo</forename><surname>Van Tilburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personality Relationships, Special Issue: Social Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="433" to="478" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,136.64,182.52,7.02;32,63.49,146.64,170.53,7.02;32,63.49,156.64,170.50,7.02;32,63.49,166.63,170.51,7.03;32,63.49,176.63,151.47,7.03" xml:id="b120">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of Perceived Social Support: Interpersonal Transactions, Personal Outlook, and Transient Affective States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amiram</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Vinokur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yaacov</forename><surname>Schul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Caplan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1137" to="1182" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,186.64,182.50,7.02;32,63.49,196.64,170.53,7.02;32,63.49,206.64,170.54,7.02;32,63.49,216.63,170.50,7.03;32,63.49,226.64,37.55,7.02" xml:id="b121">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Support and Strain from Partner, Family, and Friends: Costs and Benefits for Men and Women in Adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Heather</forename><surname>Walen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margie</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lachman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,236.64,182.49,7.02;32,63.49,246.64,170.52,7.02;32,63.49,256.63,170.50,7.03;32,63.49,266.63,170.51,7.03;32,63.49,276.64,145.56,7.02" xml:id="b122">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Network Capital in a Multilevel World: Getting Support from Personal Communities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Wellman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Frank</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Social Capital: Theory and Research</title>
		<editor>N. Lin, K. Cook, and R. S. Burt</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Aldine de Gruyter</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="273" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,286.64,182.50,7.02;32,63.49,296.64,170.50,7.02;32,63.49,306.63,170.50,7.03;32,63.49,316.64,45.55,7.02" xml:id="b123">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Different Strokes from Different Folks: Community Ties and Social Support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Wellman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scot</forename><surname>Wortley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="558" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,51.49,326.63,182.50,7.03;32,63.49,336.63,170.51,7.03;32,63.49,346.64,135.10,7.02" xml:id="b124">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Restructuring of American Religion: Society and Faith since World War II</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Wuthnow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,252.00,66.64,182.49,7.02;32,264.00,76.63,170.52,7.03;32,264.00,86.63,106.43,7.03" xml:id="b125">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Generalized Exchange and Social Dilemmas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Toshio</forename><surname>Yamagishi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychology Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="235" to="283" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,252.00,111.64,182.53,7.02;32,252.00,121.64,182.51,7.02;32,252.00,131.64,182.49,7.02;32,252.00,141.64,182.50,7.02;32,252.00,151.64,182.54,7.02;32,252.00,161.64,182.54,7.02;32,252.00,171.63,182.53,7.03;32,252.00,181.63,182.50,7.03;32,252.00,191.63,182.50,7.03;32,252.00,201.64,182.53,7.02;32,252.00,211.64,66.95,7.02" xml:id="b126">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">She received her PhD in Sociology from the University of Chicago. Her research focuses on personal networks, social support and reciprocity, time use and family dynamics, and work and family. Her work appears in various journals, including the American Sociological Review</title>
		<ptr target="https://biu.academia.edu/ShiraOffer" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science Research, and Gender &amp; Society. For more information and downloads</title>
		<imprint/>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Shira Offer is an Associate Professor at the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at Bar-Ilan University, Israel</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marriage and Family</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,252.00,236.64,182.54,7.02;32,252.00,246.64,182.50,7.02;32,252.00,256.64,182.50,7.02;32,252.00,266.63,182.51,7.03;32,252.00,276.63,182.52,7.03;32,252.00,286.64,182.51,7.02;32,252.00,296.63,182.50,7.03;32,252.00,306.63,182.51,7.03;32,252.00,316.63,182.52,7.03;32,252.00,326.63,182.53,7.03;32,252.00,336.64,182.51,7.02;32,252.00,346.64,57.06,7.02" xml:id="b127">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">His recent books deal with social change over the twentieth century (Fischer and Hout, Century of Difference, 2006), the social history of American culture (Made in America, 2010), and developments in Americans&apos; personal ties (Still Connected: Family and Friends in America Since</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claude</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Fischer is Professor of the Graduate School in Sociology at the University of California, Berkeley</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>A collection of his columns for the Boston Review appeared in 2014 as Lurching toward Happiness in America. His major current project, funded by the National Institute of Aging. is a panel study of how personal ties change</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
