<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness and risk of mortality: A longitudinal investigation in Alameda County, California</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2010-03-31">Available online 31 March 2010</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Patterson</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of British Columbia</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>V6T 1Z1</postCode>
									<settlement>Vancouver</settlement>
									<region>BC</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerry</forename><surname>Veenstra</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of British Columbia</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>V6T 1Z1</postCode>
									<settlement>Vancouver</settlement>
									<region>BC</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness and risk of mortality: A longitudinal investigation in Alameda County, California</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2010-03-31">Available online 31 March 2010</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.socscimed.2010.03.024</idno>
					<note>Short report a r t i c l e i n f o Article history:</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:13+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>USA Loneliness Mortality Socioeconomic status Social networks Sleep Physical activity Depression</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>We investigated the prospective impact of self-reported loneliness on all-cause mortality, mortality from ischemic disease and mortality from other cardiovascular diseases. We tested these effects through GEE binomial regression models applied to longitudinal data from the Alameda County Study of persons aged 21 and over arranged into person-years. Controlling for age and gender, the chances of all-cause mortality were significantly higher among respondents reporting that they often feel lonely compared to those who report that they never feel lonely. Frequent loneliness was not significantly associated with mortality from ischemic heart disease but more than doubled the odds of mortality from other ailments of the circulatory system in models controlling for age and gender. Subsequent models showed that physical activity and depression may be important mediators of loneliness-mortality associations. Finally, we find support for the contention that chronic loneliness significantly increases risk of mortality but also find reason to believe that relatively recent changes in feelings of loneliness increase risk of mortality as well.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>Loneliness is a common affliction in American society. Nationally representative surveys report that the percentage of Americans who regularly experience lonely feelings exceeds 25% <ref type="bibr" coords="1,257.21,489.30,36.37,7.54;1,42.52,499.74,20.20,7.54" target="#b18">(Perlman, 2004)</ref>. The claim that loneliness is widespread in contemporary America should not come as a surprise upon noting that people nowadays appear to have fewer friends and family to confide in <ref type="bibr" coords="1,42.52,531.15,180.08,7.54" target="#b15">(McPherson, Smith-Lovin, &amp; Brashears, 2006)</ref>, the majority of marriages now end in divorce <ref type="bibr" coords="1,169.17,541.58,52.71,7.54" target="#b20">(Pinsof, 2002)</ref>, and objectivelyassessed social isolation appears to be on the rise with each generation <ref type="bibr" coords="1,85.60,562.50,57.14,7.54" target="#b21">(Putnam, 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Numerous studies have documented associations between loneliness and health. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,187.54,583.42,106.04,7.54;1,42.52,593.91,52.35,7.54" target="#b23">Steed, Boldy, Grenade, and Iredell (2007)</ref> reported a negative association between loneliness and self-rated health, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,127.56,604.34,165.97,7.54;1,42.52,614.83,25.26,7.54" target="#b8">Hawkley, Burleson, Berntson, and Cacioppo (2003)</ref> found that lonely people tend to have higher basal total peripheral resistance and lower cardiac output, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.71,625.27,66.87,7.54;1,42.52,635.76,36.99,7.54" target="#b22">Sorkin, Rook, and Lu (2002)</ref> determined that lonely people are more likely to suffer from an adverse coronary condition and <ref type="bibr" coords="1,196.27,646.19,72.85,7.54" target="#b13">Herlitz et al. (1998)</ref> found that lonely adults are less likely to recover successfully from cardiac surgery.</p><p>Several different explanations for the health effects of loneliness have been proposed in the literature. Some scholars suggest that the coping mechanisms used by people to deal with their loneliness can negatively affect their health. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,446.57,478.84,115.96,7.54;1,311.53,489.33,75.90,7.54" target="#b14">Lauder, Mummery, Jones, and Caperchione (2006)</ref> found that lonely people are more likely to smoke while <ref type="bibr" coords="1,364.94,499.76,153.25,7.54" target="#b12">Hawkley, Thisted, and Cacioppo (2009)</ref> discovered that they tend to exercise less. Loneliness has been linked to depression  and suicide <ref type="bibr" coords="1,357.50,531.17,88.57,7.54" target="#b6">(Conroy &amp; Smith, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,448.73,531.17,38.58,7.54" target="#b17">Peck, 1983</ref>) and may be a risk factor for the sexual transmission of HIV <ref type="bibr" coords="1,468.80,541.60,93.74,7.54;1,311.54,552.09,74.37,7.54" target="#b16">(Muñoz-Laboy, Hirsch, &amp; Quispe-Lazaro, 2009</ref>). <ref type="bibr" coords="1,374.58,562.52,85.18,7.54">Cacioppo (2003, 2007)</ref> suggest that loneliness can also influence health by directly affecting bodily processes. For instance, they hypothesize that loneliness compromises the body's rejuvenating functions by disturbing sleep or otherwise hindering sleep's recuperative effect. They also argue that loneliness is a subtle but long-lasting stressor which creates wear and tear on the body similar to the effects of aging. From the latter hypothesis emerges a picture of lonely young adults who show signs of subclinical disease processes that persist across the years and manifest in ill health in midlife and beyond where they are especially vulnerable to high blood pressure and cardiac dysfunction <ref type="bibr" coords="1,331.90,677.62,167.95,7.54" target="#b11">(Hawkley, Masi, Berry, &amp; Cacioppo, 2006)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,509.12,677.62,53.50,7.54;1,311.55,688.11,71.40,7.54" target="#b25">Thurston and Kubzansky (2009)</ref> recently reported a prospective association between loneliness and coronary heart disease among women that appears to support the wear and tear hypothesis.</p><p>We used longitudinal survey data from a sample of adults aged 21 and older in the Alameda County Study to investigate the relationship between loneliness and mortality in light of the abovementioned explanations. Although numerous studies have identified empirical associations between loneliness and health, few of these have used longitudinal data and thus little is certain about the persistence of loneliness over time, its long-term wear on the body and its eventual effect on mortality. Moreover, although some of the outcomes of loneliness, such as suicide and HIV infection, are believed to affect younger adults more than older adults <ref type="bibr" coords="2,59.82,171.38,91.72,7.54" target="#b3">(Brannon &amp; Feist, 2007)</ref>, the literature on loneliness and health has to date predominantly focused on elderly people.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data</head><p>The Alameda County Health and Ways of Living Study <ref type="bibr" coords="2,246.96,224.39,36.94,7.54;2,32.84,234.82,58.36,7.54" target="#b1">(Berkman &amp; Breslow, 1983</ref>) included a stratified longitudinal survey collected in five waves between 1965 and 1999. After dividing Alameda County into homogeneous geographic units, a mailed survey was deployed in 1965 on a representative sample that included the 8083 members of 4452 non-institutionalized households who were 21 years of age or older, or were 20 years old and married, in 1965. The overall response rate in the first wave was 85.7% (n ¼ 6928). Subsequent waves were administered to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,192.58,308.07,91.29,7.54;2,32.83,318.51,54.97,7.54">survivors in 1974, 1994, 1995 and 1999</ref>, although the questionnaire administered in 1995 was an abbreviated version of the longer ones used in the other waves. Year of death was recorded for the deceased when known and cause of death was ascertained from ICD-9 codes listed on death certificates. In our analyses we distinguished between mortality from all causes, mortality from ischemic heart disease and mortality from other cardiovascular diseases.</p><p>We restricted our analyses to respondents who were 21 years of age or older in 1965 (n ¼ 6789). Of these people, information including year of death if deceased was available for 5454 respondents in 1974 (80.3% of the sample), 4808 respondents in 1994 (70.8%), 4718 respondents in 1995 (69.5%) and 4522 respondents in 1999 (66.6%). In total, 3168 of the 6789 respondents (46.7%) were known to have died by the end of the study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Loneliness</head><p>Perlman and Peplau (1981) define loneliness as "the unpleasant experience that occurs when a person's network of social relations is deficient in some important way, either quantitatively or qualitatively" (p. 31). More recently, loneliness researchers have understood loneliness to be a subjective perception of social isolation which may or may not be closely associated with objective characteristics of social circumstances <ref type="bibr" coords="2,301.85,287.17,87.80,7.54" target="#b7">Cornwell &amp; Waite, 2010)</ref>. We utilized a survey question which asked respondents how often they feel 'very lonely or remote from other people' to measure loneliness. Response categories for this question were 'never,' 'sometimes' and 'often.' <ref type="table" coords="2,461.51,318.53,30.54,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> indicates that approximately half of the respondents in each wave reported being 'never' lonely and that very few respondents claimed to be 'often' lonely at any one time. Because we are interested in determining whether chronic loneliness is especially relevant for mortality outcomes as hypothesized by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,165.77,87.69,87.18,7.54">Cacioppo (2003, 2007)</ref>, we constructed a second loneliness variable that assessed changes in loneliness between the current or most recent wave and the wave that preceded it. Levels of loneliness that remained stable over time were coded as: consistently 'often' lonely, consistently 'sometimes' lonely, or consistently 'never' lonely. Other categories characterized movement from 'never' to 'sometimes' lonely, from 'never' to 'often' lonely, from 'sometimes' to 'often' lonely, from 'often' to 'never' lonely, from 'sometimes' to 'never' lonely, and from 'often' to 'sometimes' lonely. <ref type="table" coords="3,123.07,181.81,30.02,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> indicates that more than 30% of respondents were consistently 'never' lonely at any one time, that less than 2% of respondents were consistently 'often' lonely at any one time, and that there was a substantial amount of movement between loneliness scores for respondents from one wave to another.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Socio-demographic characteristics</head><p>Gender (coded male/female) and race (coded White/Black/ Other) were first recorded in 1965. Respondents were asked about their marital status (coded married/unmarried) and household incomes in <ref type="bibr" coords="3,86.10,310.91,207.52,7.54;3,42.57,321.40,97.24,7.54">1965, 1974, 1994 and 1999 and their years of education in 1965, 1974 and 1994.</ref> Education was capped at 17 years of schooling in each wave in order to make the education measures consistent. The response categories for income changed significantly across the waves, so we created continuous variables that replaced the ordinal values with the median incomes for the categories. Median incomes for the upper open-ended categories were extrapolated by assuming that the logged incomes followed a normal curve, resulting in upper-end median values of $35,000 in 1965, $45,000 in 1974, $230,000 in 1994 and $217,500 in 1999. The resulting variables were then adjusted for inflation and transformed by taking the natural log.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Other variables</head><p>Two questions asked respondents how many relatives and how many friends they have that they 'feel close to.' These were four-level ordinal measures in 1965 but were continuous up to a value representing 10 or more in later waves. We replaced the 1965 ordinal values with the median values for the respective ranges and capped the new variables at 10, the minimum value of the highest range. We used self-reported participation in physical exercise, sports and either swimming or long walks combined in a single continuous measure to measure physical activity (following <ref type="bibr" coords="3,515.00,108.62,47.66,7.54;3,311.52,119.05,123.96,7.54" target="#b24">Strawbridge, Deleger, Roberts, &amp; Kaplan, 2002)</ref>. A variable distinguished current smokers, past smokers and respondents who had never smoked while another determined whether respondents had trouble either getting to sleep or staying asleep. Finally, we included a survey question to measure depression that asked respondents how often they felt 'sad or very unhappy,' with 'never', 'sometimes' and 'often' as response options. <ref type="table" coords="3,389.16,181.82,26.57,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> contains the distributions of responses to the categorical variables used in our analyses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head><p>We accomplished our investigation in two stages. First, we created a series of cumulative binomial regression models to predict all-cause mortality, mortality from ischemic heart disease and mortality from other cardiovascular diseases with the original loneliness variable. The first model for each dependent variable included loneliness, age and gender, the second added race, education and income, the third added marital status and close relationships with friends and family, the fourth added physical activity, smoking and trouble sleeping, and the fifth added depression. These sets of cumulative models, described in <ref type="table" coords="3,532.02,335.41,30.54,7.54;3,311.54,345.84,20.45,7.54" target="#tab_1">Tables 2  and 3</ref>, enabled us to determine the direction and strength of the effects of loneliness on mortality controlling for potential causes of spuriousness e for example, close relationships are known to influence both loneliness <ref type="bibr" coords="3,415.01,377.25,89.25,7.54" target="#b11">(Hawkley et al., 2008)</ref> and mortality <ref type="bibr" coords="3,311.54,387.69,98.49,7.54" target="#b2">(Berkman &amp; Syme, 1979)</ref> e and then the degree to which the loneliness effects may be mediated by health behaviors and by feelings of depression.</p><p>In the second stage of our investigation we replicated these sets of models on the sample of survey respondents who were known to have survived until at least 1974, substituting the second version of the loneliness variable for the original version. These models, described in <ref type="table" coords="3,359.72,460.94,25.41,7.54">Table 4</ref>, enabled us to investigate the degree to which chronic versus transient experiences of loneliness <ref type="bibr" coords="3,509.49,471.37,53.09,7.54" target="#b26">(Young, 1982)</ref> were responsible for mortality outcomes.</p><p>We used Generalized Estimating Equations (GEE) applied to a person-years version of the survey dataset to produce the binomial regression models. We used unstructured working correlation matrices but found similar results with AR-1 and exchangeable correlation matrices. Results were also similar to those obtained by using discrete-time hazard models with the logit link and age as the measure of time. To create person-years we created a row in the dataset for each year that a given respondent was known to be alive and a variable that indicated whether the respondent had died in a given year. Each row contained the information provided by the respondent in the most recent wave of the survey. For respondents who died during the course of the study, the final row represented the year in which they had died. For respondents who survived and did not attrite from the study, the last row represented 2000, the final year in which mortality data were collected. Gender and race were assumed to remain constant across the lifespan but age was updated for each personyear. A strategy of list-wise deletion applied to the binomial regression models produced N ¼ 6079 in Wave 1, a loss of 710 cases overall (10.5% of the sample). The biggest contributors to missing data in Wave 1 were income (n ¼ 358) and the physical activity index (n ¼ 129). Sample attrition was unrelated to loneliness (results not shown). The majority of the independent variables in our models were subject to change over time, and the lengthy gaps between the first and second waves and second and third waves of the study were particularly problematic in this regard. To resolve this issue, we removed all of the person-years that exceeded 5 years from the most recent wave of the survey from our dataset, leaving us with 887 deaths to explain in stage one of our analyses and 566 deaths to explain in stage two.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Regarding all-cause mortality, Model 1 in <ref type="table" coords="4,472.16,558.44,26.96,7.54" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> indicates that the odds of dying for people who reported being 'often' lonely were 1.63 times as high as those for people who reported being 'never' lonely, controlling for age and gender. Being 'sometimes' lonely had a weaker but still statistically significant effect on mortality. The effect of frequent loneliness diminished as socio-demographic characteristics, marital status and close relationships were added to the models and lost statistical significance with the introduction of physical activity, smoking and trouble sleeping. Supplementary analyses (not shown) indicated that physical activity and to a lesser extent smoking were mainly responsible for the reduced effect of loneliness from Model 3 to Model 4. Upon controlling for depression the remaining effect of loneliness on mortality was negligible.</p><p>The models in <ref type="table" coords="4,375.17,694.46,28.89,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> describe the effects of loneliness on mortality from ischemic heart disease and on mortality from other cardiovascular diseases. Loneliness did not display a statistically significant effect on mortality from ischemic heart disease. The effect of loneliness on mortality from other cardiovascular diseases closely resembled the nature of its effect on all-cause mortality but was even stronger in magnitude. The loneliness effect on this form of mortality diminished in strength but remained statistically significant after controlling for socio-demographic characteristics and social circumstances and then lost significance after additionally controlling for health behaviors and depression. As shown in <ref type="table" coords="5,104.83,411.98,26.12,7.54">Table 4</ref>, respondents who felt consistently 'often' lonely were at higher risk of mortality than respondents who felt consistently 'never' lonely, controlling for age and gender, although the difference was not statistically significant. Respondents who felt 'often' lonely in the more distant past but subsequently felt less lonely incurred the highest risk of mortality, followed by respondents who shifted from 'never' to 'often' lonely, and respondents who shifted from 'sometimes' to 'never' lonely incurred the lowest risks of mortality. Results for mortality from ischemic heart disease and from other circulatory diseases (not shown) were inconclusive, possibly due to small numbers of cause-specific deaths.</p><p>In summary, loneliness manifested an association with all-cause mortality that persisted after controlling for potential causes of spuriousness and then was attenuated after controlling for health behaviors and depression. Loneliness was not related to mortality from ischemic heart disease but manifested an association with mortality from other cardiovascular diseases that persisted after controlling for potential causes of spuriousness and social circumstances and then was attenuated after controlling for health behaviors and depression. Finally, changes in loneliness from one wave to another were a risk factor for mortality, even among people who felt substantially less lonely than they had previously.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Our study has several important limitations. First, all of the data are self-reported. Second, we used an imprecise measure of loneliness that has only three response categories, conflates loneliness and remoteness from others and potentially conflates intensity of loneliness and frequency of loneliness, leading to obvious issues of validity and reliability. A third limitation pertains to the irregular intervals at which the data were collected, one gap fully 20 years in length, an issue that we could only imperfectly resolve analytically by removing person-years containing information older than 5 years. Finally, associations with theoretically important causes of death other than those involving the cardiovascular system could not be adequately investigated here because of sample size limitations. For example, there were only 15 suicide deaths and 7 deaths from infectious diseases in the sample.</p><p>In GEE binomial regression models predicting all-cause mortality, the odds of dying were about 40% higher among people who claimed to often feel lonely than among those who never feel lonely, net of socio-demographic influences and social relationships. The effect of loneliness on mortality from other cardiovascular diseases such as stroke and cardiac arrest was even greater. Among the first empirical demonstrations of a loneliness effect on mortality using representative, longitudinal data, our study indicates that loneliness is an important health risk. In our models, health behaviors, especially physical activity, and depression appeared to explain the effects of loneliness on all-cause mortality and on mortality from some cardiovascular diseases, suggesting that they may be important mediators of the loneliness effect on mortality.</p><p>Other provocative results came from our models testing the effects of chronic versus transient experiences of loneliness on mortality. We found that the greatest risks of mortality were associated not with subjective perceptions of loneliness that were stable over time but with perceptions of loneliness that were more volatile, especially for people who felt lonely in the past but subsequently recovered to some extent. This finding lends some support to the wear and tear hypothesis proffered by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,311.53,652.58,86.71,7.54">Cacioppo (2003, 2007)</ref> given that the detrimental effects of loneliness appear to have had a long trajectory for these respondents. However, these findings also suggest that the detrimental effects of loneliness may be more imminent than previous literatures have assumed and that changing fortunes in loneliness may be particularly detrimental for health and well-being.</p><p>As this is one of very few longitudinal studies of the health effects of loneliness on a representative sample, more work is needed to distinguish the effects of loneliness from mediating <ref type="table" coords="5,42.52,66.75,22.45,6.03">Table 4</ref> Binomial regression models predicting all-cause mortality (n ¼ 40,108 person years; total deaths ¼ 566 health behaviors and possible confounders as they relate to mortality and morbidity. It is possible that loneliness characterizes a kind of sadness for some people and that this affect is common to both loneliness and depression. Future health research should therefore consider loneliness and depression in tandem and distinguish between them more clearly than we could do here. Our findings suggest that loneliness is a health concern for people of all ages. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,103.52,150.45,109.30,7.54" target="#b0">Baumeister and Leary (1995)</ref> argue that human beings are fundamentally motivated by a need for belonging in personal communities. People who do not seem to meet this fundamental need suffer accordingly in terms of their physical health as well as their overall well-being. If the search for belonging is so intimately woven into the human character, and if loneliness is reflective of a failure to find satisfaction in ways that can prove fatal, then our study has important implications for public health, especially if the trend towards greater social isolation in North America continues.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,32.83,372.72,514.06,365.85"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Characteristics of the survey sample.</figDesc><table coords="2,38.78,395.45,508.10,343.12">1965 
(%) 
1974 
(%) 
1994 
(%) 
1995 
(%) 
1999 
(%) 

Loneliness I 
Never lonely 
3460 
51.6% 
2198 
46.6% 
1358 
50.9% 
1332 
52.9% 
1130 
54.2% 
Sometimes lonely 
2902 
43.3% 
2193 
46.5% 
1187 
44.5% 
1081 
42.9% 
873 
41.9% 
Often lonely 
344 
5.1% 
328 
7.0% 
125 
4.7% 
104 
4.1% 
82 
3.9% 

Loneliness II 
Consistently never lonely 
e 
e 
1404 
32.8% 
711 
29.3% 
891 
38.7% 
765 
40.8% 
Consistently sometimes lonely 
e 
e 
1188 
27.8% 
667 
27.5% 
691 
30.0% 
521 
27.8% 
Consistently often lonely 
e 
e 
60 
1.4% 
28 
1.2% 
36 
1.6% 
20 
1.1% 
From often to sometimes lonely 
e 
e 
106 
2.5% 
111 
4.6% 
58 
2.5% 
37 
2.0% 
From sometimes to never lonely 
e 
e 
530 
12.4% 
473 
19.5% 
298 
12.9% 
237 
12.7% 
From often to never lonely 
e 
e 
43 
1.0% 
32 
1.3% 
14 
0.6% 
13 
0.7% 
From never to sometimes lonely 
e 
e 
716 
16.7% 
315 
13.0% 
253 
11.0% 
228 
12.2% 
From sometimes to often lonely 
e 
e 
152 
3.6% 
58 
2.4% 
48 
2.1% 
38 
2.0% 
From never to often lonely 
e 
e 
76 
1.8% 
28 
1.2% 
14 
0.6% 
14 
0.7% 
Gender 
Female 
3679 
54.2% 
2674 
55.6% 
1538 
56.9% 
1433 
56.6% 
1183 
56.4% 
Male 
3110 
45.8% 
2133 
44.4% 
1167 
43.1% 
1099 
43.4% 
916 
43.6% 
Race 
White 
5351 
78.8% 
3868 
80.5% 
2221 
82.1% 
2097 
82.8% 
1766 
84.1% 
Black 
851 
12.5% 
486 
10.1% 
236 
8.7% 
209 
8.3% 
150 
7.1% 
Other non-White 
585 
8.6% 
453 
9.4% 
248 
9.2% 
226 
8.9% 
183 
8.7% 
Marital status 
Married 
5070 
25.3% 
3591 
25.1% 
1862 
69.1% 
e 
e 
1425 
68.0% 
Unmarried 
1719 
74.7% 
1206 
74.9% 
834 
30.9% 
e 
e 
670 
32.0% 
Smoking 
Never smoked 
2667 
39.7% 
2001 
41.6% 
1196 
44.5% 
e 
e 
955 
46.0% 
Past smoker 
1073 
16.0% 
1161 
24.2% 
1106 
41.1% 
e 
e 
914 
44.0% 
Current smoker 
2985 
44.4% 
1616 
33.6% 
387 
14.4% 
e 
e 
207 
10.0% 
Trouble sleeping 
Almost never 
3583 
52.9% 
2354 
49.0% 
1195 
44.2% 
1098 
43.5% 
861 
41.1% 
Sometimes 
2649 
39.1% 
1936 
40.3% 
1173 
43.4% 
1082 
42.8% 
936 
44.6% 
Often 
544 
8.0% 
2354 
10.4% 
333 
12.3% 
346 
13.7% 
300 
14.3% 
Depression 
Never 
2365 
35.3% 
1555 
33.3% 
1214 
46.4% 
1151 
46.2% 
1017 
49.5% 
Sometimes 
4009 
59.8% 
2837 
60.8% 
1294 
49.5% 
1233 
49.4% 
961 
46.8% 
Often 
332 
5.0% 
272 
5.8% 
107 
4.1% 
110 
4.4% 
77 
3.7% 

Total cases 
6789 
4807 
2705 
2532 
2099 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="3,42.46,531.29,514.13,212.37"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Binomial regression models predicting all-cause mortality (n ¼ 76,137 person years; total deaths ¼ 887).</figDesc><table coords="3,42.46,553.97,514.13,189.69">Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 
Model 5 

OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI} 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 

Sometimes lonely 
1.20** 
[1.05e1.38] 
1.18* 
[1.03e1.35] 
1.13 
[0.98e1.31] 
1.11 
[0.96e1.29] 
1.01 
[0.86e1.17] 
Often lonely 
1.63*** 
[1.25e2.13] 
1.50** 
[1.14e1.98] 
1.39* 
[1.05e1.83] 
1.22 
[0.93e1.60] 
1.03 
[0.76e1.39] 
Age 
1.09*** 
[1.09e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.09] 
1.08*** 
[1.08e1.09] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
Gender 
1.39*** 
[1.22e1.59] 
1.46*** 
[1.27e1.68] 
1.52*** 
[1.32e1.76] 
1.56*** 
[1.34e1.81] 
1.59*** 
[1.36e1.85] 
Race ¼ Black 
1.06 
[0.83e1.35] 
1.04 
[0.82e1.32] 
1.07 
[0.85e1.36] 
1.08 
[0.85e1.36] 
Race ¼ other non-white 
1.01 
[0.77e1.31] 
0.99 
[0.76e1.29] 
1.04 
[0.79e1.37] 
1.06 
[0.81e1.39] 
Education 
0.97** 
[0.95e0.99] 
0.97** 
[0.95e0.99] 
0.99 
[0.98e1.02] 
1.00 
[0.98e1.02] 
Income 
0.85*** 
[0.78e0.93] 
0.88** 
[0.81e0.97] 
0.92 
[0.84e1.00] 
0.92 
[0.84e1.00] 
Married status 
0.84* 
[0.71e0.99] 
0.86 
[0.73e1.02] 
0.86 
[0.73e1.01] 
Number of close friends 
0.99 
[0.96e1.01] 
0.99 
[0.97e1.02] 
1.00 
[0.97e1.02] 
Number of close relatives 
0.98 
[0.96e1.01] 
0.99 
[0.97e1.02] 
0.99 
[0.97e1.02] 
Physical activity 
0.80*** 
[0.76e0.85] 
0.81*** 
[0.76e0.85] 
Current smoker 
2.06*** 
[1.73e2.45] 
2.04*** 
[1.71e2.42] 
Past smoker 
1.21* 
[1.02e1.44] 
1.20* 
[1.01e1.42] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ sometimes 
0.99 
[0.85e1.14] 
0.96 
[0.83e1.12] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ often 
1.17 
[0.95e1.45] 
1.12 
[0.91e1.38] 
Sometimes depressed 
1.27** 
[1.09e1.49] 
Often depressed 
1.41* 
[1.03e1.93] 

***p &lt; 0.001, **p &lt; 0.01, *p &lt; 0.05. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="4,32.73,66.75,514.12,392.33"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Binomial regression models predicting death from cardiovascular diseases (n ¼ 76,137 person-years).</figDesc><table coords="4,32.73,89.48,514.12,369.59">Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 
Model 5 

OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 

Ischemic heart disease (212 deaths) 
Sometimes lonely 
1.07 
[0.81e1.42] 
1.04 
[0.78e1.37] 
1.05 
[0.79e1.40] 
1.04 
[0.77e1.39] 
1.00 
[0.72e1.39] 
Often lonely 
1.22 
[0.69e2.19] 
1.07 
[0.60e1.91] 
1.09 
[0.61e1.97] 
0.96 
[0.53e1.72] 
0.77 
[0.37e1.60] 
Age 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.07e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.07e1.10] 
1.10*** 
[1.08e1.11] 
1.10*** 
[1.08e1.11] 
Gender 
1.83*** 
[1.40e2.41] 
1.96*** 
[1.49e2.60] 
1.91*** 
[1.43e2.54] 
1.92*** 
[1.43e2.58] 
1.95*** 
[1.45e2.62] 
Race ¼ Black 
0.89 
[0.54e1.45] 
0.90 
[0.55e1.47] 
0.95 
[0.59e1.55] 
0.96 
[0.59e1.56] 
Race ¼ Other non-white 
1.07 
[0.65e1.76] 
1.09 
[0.66e1.78] 
1.16 
[0.70e1.90] 
1.16 
[0.70e1.90] 
Education 
0.96* 
[0.92e1.00] 
0.96* 
[0.92e0.99] 
0.99 
[0.95e1.02] 
0.99 
[0.95e1.02] 
Income 
0.79** 
[0.67e0.93] 
0.78** 
[0.66e0.93] 
0.82* 
[0.69e0.97] 
0.82* 
[0.69e0.98] 
Married 
1.08 
[0.77e1.51] 
1.12 
[0.80e1.57] 
1.11 
[0.79e1.56] 
Number of close friends 
1.02 
[0.97e1.07] 
1.03 
[0.98e1.08] 
1.03 
[0.98e1.08] 
Number of close relatives 
0.98 
[0.94e1.03] 
0.99 
[0.95e1.04] 
0.99 
[0.95e1.04] 
Exercise 
0.79*** 
[0.71e0.88] 
0.79*** 
[0.71e0.89] 
Current smoker 
2.66*** 
[1.88e3.77] 
2.63*** 
[1.86e3.73] 
Past smoker 
1.24 
[0.87e1.76] 
1.22 
[0.86e1.74] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ sometimes 
0.93 
[0.68e1.28] 
0.92 
[0.68e1.27] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ often 
1.28 
[0.85e1.93] 
1.23 
[0.81e1.86] 
Sometimes depressed 
1.06 
[0.76e1.48] 
Often depressed 
1.59 
[0.81e3.12] 

Other cardiovascular diseases (220 deaths) 
Sometimes lonely 
1.23 
[0.93e1.63] 
1.20 
[0.91e1.58] 
1.12 
[0.84e1.49] 
1.10 
[0.82e1.47] 
0.89 
[0.65e1.21] 
Often lonely 
2.30*** 
[1.46e3.64] 
2.02** 
[1.26e3.25] 
1.77* 
[1.10e2.86] 
1.55 
[0.96e2.49] 
1.10 
[0.65e1.85] 
Age 
1.11*** 
[1.10e1.12] 
1.10*** 
[1.09e1.12] 
1.10*** 
[1.08e1.11] 
1.10*** 
[1.09e1.12] 
1.10*** 
[1.09e1.12] 
Gender 
0.95 
[0.73e1.25] 
1.00 
[0.76e1.32] 
1.15 
[0.85e1.55] 
1.29 
[0.93e1.78] 
1.34 
[0.96e1.86] 
Race ¼ Black 
1.15 
[0.76e1.76] 
1.11 
[0.73e1.67] 
1.14 
[0.76e1.73] 
1.16 
[0.77e1.74] 
Race ¼ other non-white 
0.83 
[0.47e1.46] 
0.79 
[0.45e1.41] 
0.84 
[0.47e1.48] 
0.87 
[0.49e1.54] 
Education 
0.94** 
[0.91e0.99] 
0.94** 
[0.90e0.98] 
0.96 
[0.92e1.01] 
0.97 
[0.93e1.01] 
Income 
0.83* 
[0.70e1.00] 
0.90 
[0.76e1.08] 
0.93 
[0.78e1.12] 
0.93 
[0.78e1.11] 
Married 
0.62** 
[0.45e0.87] 
0.65* 
[0.47e0.91] 
0.64* 
[0.46e0.90] 
Number of close friends 
0.98 
[0.93e1.03] 
0.99 
[0.94e1.04] 
0.99 
[0.95e1.04] 
Number of close relatives 
0.98 
[0.94e1.03] 
0.99 
[0.94e1.03] 
0.99 
[0.94e1.03] 
Exercise 
0.79*** 
[0.70e0.88] 
0.79*** 
[0.71e0.89] 
Current smoker 
1.57* 
[1.11e2.22] 
1.53* 
[1.08e2.17] 
Past smoker 
0.88 
[0.62e1.25] 
0.87 
[0.62e1.23] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ sometimes 
0.90 
[0.66e1.22] 
0.86 
[0.63e1.17] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ often 
1.36 
[0.93e1.99] 
1.25 
[0.86e1.83] 
Sometimes depressed 
1.68** 
[1.22e2.30] 
Often depressed 
1.97* 
[1.11e3.49] 

***p &lt; 0.001, **p &lt; 0.01, *p &lt; 0.05. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="5,42.52,75.31,514.09,255.28"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>). ***p &lt; 0.001, **p &lt; 0.01, *p &lt; 0.05.</figDesc><table coords="5,48.37,89.48,508.24,227.70">Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 
Model 5 

OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 
OR 
[95% CI] 

Consistently sometimes lonely 
1.09 
[0.88e1.36] 
1.07 
[0.86e1.33] 
1.01 
[0.81e1.26] 
0.97 
[0.77e1.21] 
0.82 
[0.64e1.04] 
Consistently often lonely 
1.71 
[0.89e3.28] 
1.44 
[0.73e2.86] 
1.29 
[0.64e2.58] 
1.10 
[0.55e2.19] 
0.85 
[0.42e1.72] 
From often to sometimes lonely 
2.03*** 
[1.34e3.08] 
1.86** 
[1.22e2.83] 
1.71* 
[1.12e2.62] 
1.52 
[0.96e2.41] 
1.27 
[0.80e2.02] 
From sometimes to never lonely 
0.81 
[0.60e1.08] 
0.79 
[0.59e1.05] 
0.77 
[0.58e1.03] 
0.74* 
[0.55e1.00] 
0.70* 
[0.52e0.95] 
From often to never lonely 
2.24 
[0.98e5.12] 
1.98 
[0.86e4.59] 
1.90 
[0.83e4.36] 
1.69 
[0.72e3.95] 
1.65 
[0.72e3.79] 
From never to sometimes lonely 
1.21 
[0.94e1.55] 
1.16 
[0.90e1.49] 
1.12 
[0.87e1.45] 
1.12 
[0.86e1.44] 
0.97 
[0.75e1.27] 
From sometimes to often lonely 
1.30 
[0.77e2.20] 
1.19 
[0.70e2.01] 
1.12 
[0.66e1.87] 
1.02 
[0.62e1.65] 
0.78 
[0.46e1.31] 
From never to often lonely 
1.85* 
[1.09e3.16] 
1.66 
[0.98e2.83] 
1.57 
[0.93e2.67] 
1.28 
[0.76e2.15] 
1.01 
[0.60e1.70] 
Age 
1.10*** 
[1.09e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
1.09*** 
[1.08e1.10] 
Gender 
1.35*** 
[1.14e1.60] 
1.47*** 
[1.23e1.74] 
1.50*** 
[1.25e1.81] 
1.57*** 
[1.30e1.90] 
1.60*** 
[1.32e1.93] 
Race ¼ Black 
0.88 
[0.64e1.20] 
0.86 
[0.62e1.17] 
0.89 
[0.66e1.21] 
0.89 
[0.65e1.20] 
Race ¼ other non-white 
0.98 
[0.70e1.36] 
0.95 
[0.68e1.32] 
1.02 
[0.73e1.42] 
1.04 
[0.75e1.44] 
Education 
0.98 
[0.96e1.01] 
0.98 
[0.95e1.01] 
1.01 
[0.98e1.03] 
1.01 
[0.98e1.04] 
Income 
0.79*** 
[0.70e0.88] 
0.80*** 
[0.71e0.90] 
0.85** 
[0.76e0.96] 
0.85** 
[0.76e0.96] 
Married status 
0.90 
[0.73e1.11] 
0.92 
[0.75e1.14] 
0.92 
[0.75e1.13] 
Number of close friends 
0.98 
[0.95e1.01] 
0.99 
[0.96e1.02] 
0.99 
[0.96e1.02] 
Number of close relatives 
0.99 
[0.96e1.02] 
1.00 
[0.97e1.02] 
1.00 
[0.97e1.03] 
Physical activity 
0.79*** 
[0.74e0.84] 
0.79*** 
[0.74e0.85] 
Current smoker 
1.87*** 
[1.49e2.35] 
1.85*** 
[1.47e2.33] 
Past smoker 
1.18 
[0.96e1.45] 
1.17 
[0.96e1.44] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ sometimes 
1.02 
[0.85e1.23] 
0.99 
[0.82e1.20] 
Trouble sleeping ¼ often 
1.14 
[0.87e1.48] 
1.06 
[0.82e1.39] 
Sometimes depressed 
1.40*** 
[1.15e1.70] 
Often depressed 
1.62* 
[1.12e2.36] 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgements</head><p>GV is financially supported by a Senior Scholar personnel award (2007e2012) from the Michael Smith Foundation for Health Research. Daniel Perlman originally introduced AP to the loneliness literature. Nathan Lauster provided statistical advice. Access to the Alameda County dataset was facilitated by the Inter-consortium for Political and Social Research. AP dedicates this article to his beloved twin brother, Benjamin Patterson.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.83,393.81,251.02,6.03;6,44.79,401.80,239.07,6.03;6,44.79,409.74,29.16,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The need to belong: desire for interpersonal attachments as a fundamental human motivation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Leary</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="529" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,417.74,251.00,6.03;6,44.78,425.68,126.76,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Health and ways of living: The Alameda County study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Berkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Breslow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,433.67,251.02,6.03;6,44.78,441.61,239.07,6.03;6,44.78,449.61,93.23,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social networks, host resistance, and mortality: a none-year follow-up study of Alameda County residents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Berkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Syme</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Epidemiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">109</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="186" to="204" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,457.60,251.07,6.03;6,44.78,465.54,159.49,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Health psychology: An introduction to behavior and health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Brannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Feist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Thomson Wadsworth</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Belmont, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>6th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,473.53,251.03,6.03;6,44.78,481.47,136.71,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceived social isolation and cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="447" to="454" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,489.47,250.98,6.03;6,44.78,497.46,239.11,6.03;6,44.78,505.40,181.51,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness as a specific risk factor for depressive symptoms: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hughes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Waite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thisted</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology and Aging</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="140" to="151" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,32.82,513.40,251.10,6.03;6,44.79,521.34,103.43,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Family loss and hospital suicide. Suicide and Life-Threatening Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Conroy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="194" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,66.77,251.03,6.03;6,313.74,74.77,239.09,6.03;6,313.74,82.70,157.82,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring social isolation among older adults using multiple indicators from the NSHAP study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Cornwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Waite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/geronb/gbp037</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journals of Gerontology, Series B: Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,90.70,251.02,6.03;6,313.74,98.64,239.15,6.03;6,313.74,106.63,194.95,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness in everyday life: cardiovascular activity, psychosocial context, and health behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Burleson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Berntson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,114.63,251.00,6.03;6,313.74,122.57,115.29,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness and pathways to disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="98" to="105" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,130.56,251.04,6.03;6,313.75,138.50,174.99,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aging and loneliness: downhill quickly?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="191" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,146.50,251.02,6.03;6,313.75,154.43,239.21,6.03;6,313.75,162.43,239.20,6.03;6,313.75,170.43,239.16,6.03;6,301.84,178.36,251.04,6.03;6,313.75,186.36,239.11,6.03;6,313.75,194.30,67.28,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From social structural factors to perceptions of relationship quality and loneliness: the Chicago health, aging, and social relations study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hughes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Waite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Masi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thisted</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>S375es384</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Masi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Berry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journals of Gerontology, Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="152" to="164" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Psychology and Aging</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,202.29,251.08,6.03;6,313.75,210.29,239.10,6.03;6,313.75,218.23,48.89,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness predicts reduced physical activity: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hawkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thisted</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="354" to="363" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,226.22,250.99,6.03;6,313.75,234.16,239.11,6.03;6,313.75,242.16,239.18,6.03;6,313.75,250.15,175.38,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The feeling of loneliness prior to coronary artery bypass grafting might be a predictor of short-and long-term postoperative mortality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Herlitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Wiklund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Caidahl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hartford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Haglid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Karlsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="120" to="125" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.84,258.09,250.99,6.03;6,313.75,266.08,239.11,6.03;6,313.75,274.02,77.81,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A comparison of health behaviours in lonely and non-lonely populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Lauder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mummery</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Caperchione</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology, Health, and Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.85,281.96,250.99,6.10;6,313.74,289.89,239.13,6.03;6,313.74,297.89,99.14,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social isolation in America: changes in core discussion networks over two decades</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mcpherson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Smith-Lovin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Brashears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="353" to="357" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,305.88,251.01,6.03;6,313.74,313.82,239.12,6.03;6,313.74,321.82,48.56,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness as a sexual risk factor for male Mexican migrant workers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muñoz-Laboy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hirsch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Quispe-Lazaro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="802" to="810" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,329.76,251.02,6.03;6,313.74,337.75,28.44,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The last moments of life: learning to cope</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Peck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Deviant Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="313" to="332" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,345.75,251.01,6.03;6,313.74,353.69,129.40,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">European and Canadian studies of loneliness among seniors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Perlman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal on Aging</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="181" to="188" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,361.68,251.02,6.03;6,313.74,369.62,239.11,6.03;6,313.74,377.61,148.42,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a social psychology of loneliness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Perlman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Peplau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Personal relationships. 3: Personal relationships in disorder (pp. 31e56)</title>
		<editor>S. Duck, &amp; R. Gilmour</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,385.46,251.00,6.38;6,313.74,393.55,197.00,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The death of &quot;Till Death Us Do Part&quot; and the transformation of pair-bonding in the 20th century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Pinsof</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Family Process</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="157" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,401.54,251.02,6.03;6,313.73,409.48,89.44,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bowling alone: The collapse and revival of American community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Putnam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Simon &amp; Schuster</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.82,417.48,250.99,6.03;6,313.73,425.42,239.13,6.03;6,313.73,433.41,158.03,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness, lack of emotional support, lack of companionship, and the likelihood of having a heart condition in an elderly sample</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sorkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annals of Behavioral Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="290" to="298" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.82,441.41,251.02,6.03;6,313.73,449.34,239.11,6.03;6,313.73,457.34,40.91,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The demographics of loneliness among older people in Perth, Western Australia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Steed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Boldy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Grenade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Iredell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Australasian Journal on Ageing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.82,465.28,251.09,6.03;6,313.73,473.27,239.13,6.03;6,313.73,481.21,94.08,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Physical activity reduces the risk of subsequent depression for older adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Strawbridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Deleger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kaplan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Epidemiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">156</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="238" to="334" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.82,489.21,251.08,6.03;6,313.73,497.20,174.08,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Women, loneliness, and incident coronary heart disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Thurston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Kubzansky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychosomatic Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="836" to="842" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.83,505.14,251.00,6.03;6,313.74,513.14,239.13,6.03;6,313.74,521.07,212.07,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loneliness, depression, and cognitive therapy: theory and application</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Loneliness: A sourcebook of current theory, research, and therapy (pp. 379e406)</title>
		<editor>L. A. Peplau, &amp; D. Perlman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
