# ackextract
Acknowledgement and its name entities extraction from scholarly papers.

Copyright (c) 2020, Jian Wu, Pei Wang, Xin Wei
### Catalog
Covid-19Ground_truth: 100 covid-19 papers,each one has a JSON file (full paper in JSON format), a txt file(ackowledgment section) and an ann file (entities annotation), some also has a pdf file(full paper in PDF format).

SBSpaper200Ground_truth: 100 SBS(Social Behavior Science) papers,each one has a PDF file (full paper in PDF format), a txt file(ackowledgment section), a tei file(full paper in XML format generated by GROBID from PDF file) and an ann file (entities annotation), some also has a pdf file.
Code: package developed.

Testdata: testing data for evaluate NER tools, sentence segmentation tools and sentence classification tools.

Result: entities extracted from all covid-19 papers and some advanced analysis, all are csv files.





## Operating System: 
This code works on Windows and Linux so far, it should work on Mac as well

## Installation
### Dependencies: Make sure that both Python 3.0+ and Java 1.8+ are installed on your system. 
### Requirement: 
#### Install StanfordNLP(https://github.com/stanfordnlp),
#### Install Pragmatic Segmenter(https://pypi.org/project/pysbd/#files,) 
#### Install Grobid(https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid/releases), 
Grobid 0.5.5 works better so far.
go to grobid directory like C:\downloads\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5
and run 
```
gradlew clean install
```
.

## Preparation:
Before importing ackeer.py, make sure running stanfordnlp server at first: 
### go to stanfordnlp directory
and run 
```
java -mx4g -cp "*" edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.StanfordCoreNLPServer -port 9000 -timeout 15000
```
### go to grobid directory
and run
```
gradlew run
```
## Functions
Check the code and comments for more details

## brief example of implementation
make sure testPDF.py,testXML.py and ackseer.py in the same directory
go into this directory through commandline
windows run 
```
py testPDF.py
```
then there generate an TEI file which is the XML form of the PDF file
and it will return the name entities inside its acknowledgement section as well

to extract name entities directly from TEI file please run testXML.py
