<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Religious Economy or Organizational Field? Predicting Bishops&apos; Votes at the Second Vatican Council</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melissa</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wilde</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pennsylvania</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristin</forename><surname>Geraty</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">North Central College c Indiana University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shelley</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emily</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bowman</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pennsylvania</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>3718 Locust Walk, 113 McNeil Building</addrLine>
									<postCode>19104-6299</postCode>
									<settlement>Philadelphia</settlement>
									<region>PA</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Religious Economy or Organizational Field? Predicting Bishops&apos; Votes at the Second Vatican Council</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0003122410368927</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:20+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Vatican II</term>
					<term>Neo-Institutional Theory</term>
					<term>Rational Choice Theory</term>
					<term>voting behavior</term>
					<term>religious change</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>This article explores the national factors that predict bishops' votes on two of the most contentious issues at the Second Vatican Council. Using data obtained from the Vatican Secret Archive, analyses demonstrate that rational choice oriented theory in the sociology of religion that focuses on competition is limited. While competition is important to religious leaders' actions, its effects can be understood only in relation to other crucial characteristics of the social environment within which leaders operate. These characteristics, which we derive from Neo-Institutional Theory (NIT), shape leaders' interests and often lead them to prioritize concerns about their institutions' legitimacy over the concerns about efficiency and growth rational choice theorists assume are predominant. Most NIT studies examine the population of firms within one organizational field. Because we hold firm constant and examine how variation in the type of organizational field (supplied by the more than 100 countries in our analyses) predicts firm leaders' actions, this study represents a unique test of NIT.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The Second Vatican Council <ref type="bibr" coords="1,167.76,476.49,67.04,8.74">(Vatican II, 1962</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,53.01,488.45,28.09,8.74">to 1965</ref>, a watershed event in the history of Roman Catholicism, brought about a multitude of changes. Vatican II ended the requirement of a Latin mass; sent nuns from their cloisters out into the world; relaxed dietary restrictions, confessional obligations, and service attire for the laity; significantly relaxed the Roman Catholic Church's (RCC) claim of being the one true church; and officially renounced the RCC's claims to power in relation to nationstates. Many researchers note that bettering the Church's relations with Protestants was a key issue at the Council, the master frame around which many reforms revolved <ref type="bibr" coords="1,408.65,476.52,25.93,8.74;1,252.74,488.48,73.94,8.74" target="#b81">(Snow and Benford 1992)</ref>, and ultimately one of the Council's most important achievements <ref type="bibr" coords="1,252.74,512.41,147.22,8.74">(Alberigo and Komonchak 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,407.51,512.41,27.07,8.74;1,252.74,524.38,22.72,8.74" target="#b11">Brown 1967;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,277.96,524.38,56.86,8.74" target="#b34">Greeley 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,337.32,524.38,45.67,8.74" target="#b72">Rynne 1968</ref> Although sociologists are unified in seeing the Council as an important event, and many have examined the effects of Council reforms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.30,103.91,77.95,8.74">(e.g., Burns 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,134.82,103.91,67.17,8.74" target="#b13">Casanova 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,207.56,103.91,25.51,8.74;2,51.30,115.87,22.72,8.74" target="#b21">Dillon 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,78.00,115.87,92.78,8.74" target="#b28">Finke and Stark 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,174.76,115.87,58.33,8.74" target="#b34">Greeley 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.30,127.84,104.36,8.74" target="#b78">Seidler and Meyer 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,159.98,127.84,49.62,8.74" target="#b80">Smith 1991)</ref>, few studies attempt to explain how Council reforms came to fruition. This gap is no doubt related to the fact that although many theories in the sociology of religion make implicit assumptions about institutional change, and its study was fundamental to the theories of founding sociologists such as Weber and Durkheim, there is surprisingly little theory available to explain how, why, or when institutional religious change occurs. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,173.42,245.08,3.39,5.94">1</ref> We seek to further understandings of the factors that direct religious change in particular, and organizational change in general, by answering the following two questions about the Council: Why were some bishops more or less open to reform than others? And just as importantly, what explains the types of reform they supported; in particular, why were bishops more or less likely to favor improving relations with Protestants?</p><p>Answering these questions provides insight into sociological theories of religion and institutions. We will demonstrate that rational choice oriented theory in the sociology of religion, known as Religious Competition Theory (RCT), is limited. RCT argues that competition creates more flexible religious leaders who are more open to change. We find that competition is important in explaining religious leaders' actions, but its effects can be understood only in relation to other crucial characteristics of the social environment within which leaders operate. These characteristics, which we derive from Neo-Institutional Theory (NIT), shape leaders' interests and often lead them to prioritize concerns about their institutions' legitimacy over the concerns about efficiency and growth that RCT assumes are predominant.</p><p>This study also contributes to NIT. Most studies testing the theory examine a population of firms within one organizational field. 2 While these studies provide useful insights into how firm characteristics predict various organizational outcomes (for an example specifically related to religious organizations, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,251.04,115.87,55.80,8.74" target="#b14">Chaves [1996</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,316.17,115.87,16.60,8.74" target="#b14">Chaves [ , 1997</ref>), such studies cannot examine the effects of the broader organizational field. We hold firm constant (by focusing only on the RCC) and examine how variation in organizational fields (supplied by the more than 100 countries in our analysis), in particular how stable and structurated they are, predict firm leaders' actions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ABOUT VATICAN II</head><p>Councils such as Vatican II are rare events for the Roman Catholic Church. Only the Pope can call a Council, and they have occurred, on average, less than once every century. During a Council, all of the bishops, cardinals, heads of religious orders, and theologians of the Church (hereafter referred to simply as bishops) gather together, discuss issues of concern, draft statements on those issues, and eventually vote on whether to ratify the statements.</p><p>Researchers agree that many of the most important statements that came out of Vatican II were intended to, and did, improve relations with Protestants (Alberigo and Komonchak 2000; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,339.58,438.82,51.68,8.74" target="#b72">Rynne 1968</ref>). <ref type="bibr" coords="2,408.35,438.82,24.47,8.74;2,251.04,450.79,26.56,8.74">Wilde (2007)</ref> demonstrates that this focus on Protestants was a key dividing line among the bishops, whom she argues came from four distinct types of organizational fields. The first group, bishops from religiously diverse but stable countries (e.g., Germany and the United States), was the friendliest to Protestants. Such countries had a strong ecumenical movement, providing an organizational arena in which religious leaders, primarily Protestants, sought to better relations among all Christians.</p><p>These ecumenically friendly bishops' agenda contrasted sharply with that of bishops from monopolistic Catholic countries, such as Italy and Spain, who constituted the second major group. These bishops were openly antagonistic to ecumenism and even to Protestants in general. Because these two groups' agendas were so diametrically opposed, passing any particular reform, whether ecumenically oriented or not, depended on winning a majority of the votes from the two remaining groups: monopolistic countries in Latin America, where the Church was in decline and whose bishops were progressive but not ecumenical, and missionary countries in Africa and Asia, where the Church was growing and whose bishops were generally supportive of all change <ref type="bibr" coords="3,53.01,223.50,50.80,8.74">(Wilde 2007)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,64.91,235.41,55.30,8.74">Wilde (2007)</ref> attributes the bishops' differential willingness to support change in general, and ecumenically friendly reforms in particular, to the ways in which the Church's status as an incumbent organization combined with the stability and diversity of the religious field in a given country. While this argument melds important concepts from RCT with those from NIT, many of these concepts are poorly operationalized, if at all, in her book, and her argument has not been subjected to a rigorous quantitative test. As a result, the interactions among these factors have never been systematically examined. These interactions are crucial theoretically, and our analysis demonstrates they do predict bishops' openness to various types of reforms.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>THE COUNCIL VOTES</head><p>For the first Council vote 3 we examine, the bishops had to decide whether ''On the Sources of Revelation'' (hereafter referred to as ''revelation''), a very conservative document that had been written prior to the Council, was an acceptable basis for a statement. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,75.00,556.04,3.39,5.94">4</ref> The document was considered conservative for a number of reasons. First, contrary to the feelings of most progressively inclined bishops, it upheld the inerrancy of the Bible and refuted the validity of historical or anthropological Biblical research. Furthermore, to the distress of ecumenically oriented bishops, the schema asserted that there are two sources of revelation-scripture and tradition (tradition meaning Church interpretation or doctrine). This was problematic because Protestants had long argued that scripture was the only valid source of revelation. While ecumenists did not expect a true resolution of this major difference, they wanted to avoid having the Council emphasize such differences.</p><p>Thus, whether or not they were ecumenically inclined, progressive bishops were united in their opposition to the schema, making a vote rejecting it a good indication of general openness to change. Toward the end of the first of the four Council sessions, the conservative schema was rejected, 1,368 to 822 (Alberigo and Komonchak 1997).</p><p>The second vote we examine in this article is the first vote on the Blessed Virgin Mary (hereafter referred to as ''Mary''). 5 This vote asked the bishops to decide to what extent the Council would stress Mary's importance. Those in favor of emphasizing Mary (and along with her, differences between Catholics and Protestants) wanted her to have her own separate Council schema. Bishops whose primary goal for the Council was bettering relations with Protestants were very much against this. Many Protestants saw Catholic devotion to Mary as inappropriate, even verging on the heretical, because her status among Catholics often seemed to equal, or even surpass, Jesus'. Catholic devotion to Mary was thus a significant issue for the ecumenical movement at the time of the Council (much more so than the issue of revelation), 6 and ecumenically oriented bishops felt very strongly that the Council should avoid emphasizing Mary's importance. They thus opposed giving Mary a separate Council document. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,327.23,532.00,3.39,5.94">7</ref> The question of how the Council would treat Mary deeply divided the bishops. The vote on Mary was the closest vote of the Council (1,115 to 1,075), 8 with the ecumenical position that she would not have her own statement winning by only 40 votes during the Second Session (Alberigo and Komonchak 2000).</p><p>In summary, the vote on revelation allows us to differentiate among factors that predict a general openness to reform, while the first vote on Mary enables us to examine factors that predict openness to ecumenical concerns in particular. To achieve these goals, it is necessary to combine rational choice oriented RCT, which focuses on the effects of competition, with culturally oriented NIT, which sees legitimacy concerns at the heart of most organizational processes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RATIONAL CHOICE THEORY AND RELIGION</head><p>Rational Choice Theory contends that individual and group actions are based on utility maximization. In short, this tradition asserts that individuals and organizations act on the basis of real or imagined cost-benefit calculations. Consistency between preferences and actions (as a result of such calculations) makes such choices rational.</p><p>As a parsimonious and predictive theory, Rational Choice Theory has made inroads into many fields of sociology (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,182.96,391.02,50.18,8.74;4,51.31,402.92,62.46,8.74" target="#b41">Hechter and Kanazawa 1997)</ref>, most visibly (and many would say surprisingly) in the sociology of religion (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.31,426.85,57.37,8.74" target="#b90">Warner 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,114.90,426.85,53.29,8.74" target="#b96">Young 1997)</ref>. According to proponents of Religious Competition Theory (RCT), religious institutions that feel more competition work harder to attract and to keep members, generally being more flexible and open to change than institutions in monopolistic environments (which, according to the theory, ''tend to be lazy'' <ref type="bibr" coords="4,206.48,510.55,26.56,8.74;4,51.31,522.51,73.79,8.74">[Finke and Stark 1992:19</ref>; see also <ref type="bibr" coords="4,168.07,522.51,53.12,8.74" target="#b77">Seidler 1979]</ref>). 9 These institutions then enjoy more participation and dedication from their members as a result <ref type="bibr" coords="4,91.81,558.36,141.22,8.74" target="#b26">(Finke, Guest, and Stark 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,51.31,570.32,102.48,8.74" target="#b28">Finke and Stark 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,160.51,570.32,72.62,8.74;4,51.31,582.29,23.08,8.74" target="#b83">Stark and Finke 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,76.98,582.29,112.22,8.74">Stark and Iannaccone 1996)</ref>.</p><p>The key causal relationship for the theory is the effect competition has on religious leaders, as its self-appointed nickname, Supply-Side Theory, implies <ref type="bibr" coords="4,140.53,630.09,92.65,8.74;4,251.04,68.04,22.36,8.74" target="#b27">(Finke and Iannaccone 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,278.31,68.04,115.54,8.74" target="#b85">Stark and Iannaccone 1994)</ref>. Despite this, however, research that tests the theory has concentrated on predicting religious participation and has entirely neglected to examine the ways in which competition affects religious leaders.</p><p>In this study, we test this key causal relationship by taking RCT as a starting point for the first of the two questions we examine. That is, were the bishops at Vatican II who came from competitive environments more open to change than their counterparts from less competitive environments? <ref type="bibr" coords="4,407.62,209.19,6.85,5.94">10</ref> We find that bishops from competitive environments were indeed more open to change, substantiating RCT's most basic causal mechanism.</p><p>In addition to providing support for what was, until now, a largely untested causal mechanism, our analyses improve upon empirical investigations of competition in a number of ways. First, because our sample of bishops who voted at the Council comes from more than 100 countries, we examine religious competition more thoroughly than research on more limited samples. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,394.13,364.59,6.85,5.94">11</ref> Second, proponents and critics agree that another weakness of most empirical examinations of RCT is the almost exclusive use of religious pluralism to measure competition. This is particularly problematic because the most common measure of pluralism has mathematical problems <ref type="bibr" coords="4,350.47,450.59,82.34,8.74;4,251.03,462.56,22.72,8.74" target="#b16">(Chaves and Gorski 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,277.12,462.56,48.48,8.74" target="#b64">Olson 1998)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,329.90,460.23,6.77,5.94">12</ref> Furthermore, the focus on pluralism has meant that the two other factors that theoretically determine competition have been largely ignored <ref type="bibr" coords="4,319.92,510.40,49.71,8.74" target="#b66">(Olson 1999</ref>). The first of these factors is the relationship between religious institutions and the state. Often referred to simply as ''regulation,'' it is widely seen as the most important explanatory variable in the theory (cf. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,384.36,570.16,48.47,8.74;4,251.03,582.13,45.82,8.74" target="#b15">Chaves and Cann 1992)</ref>. Our measure of the relationship between the Church and the state comes from the National Catholic Almanac (1955) 13 and has three categories: <ref type="bibr" coords="4,393.85,615.68,6.85,5.94">14</ref> (1) the RCC is the state religion, (2) another religion is the state religion, and (3) the country has formal religious freedom. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,210.78,77.66,6.85,5.94">15</ref> The second factor we include to measure competition is the proportion of the population belonging to the RCC in 1965, which is commonly referred to as ''market share'' in the literature (hereafter ''percent Catholic'').</p><p>Together, these two measures constitute a significant improvement over previous empirical investigations of RCT. This is partly because, although theoretically it is not necessarily the ''real'' amount of religious competition in an environment so much as the amount of competition an institution perceives that spurs marketing, previous research relies on survey data to construct measures of religious pluralism and market share. Such information is arguably accurate, but it is not the same as using data that reflect an institution's own perception of its situation, which we have with our two measures, both obtained from the National Catholic Almanac <ref type="bibr" coords="5,172.17,319.15,62.60,8.74" target="#b30">(Foy 1966 and</ref>. Furthermore, we find that the interaction between the Church's relationship with the state and its market share is particularly important.</p><p>With these two measures, our analyses, particularly of the vote on revelation, demonstrate that RCT does indeed help to predict which bishops were more or less open to change. However, RCT could not explain the fact that market share had virtually no effect in religiously free environments, an enormous conservative effect in places where the RCC was the state church, and contradictory effects from vote to vote in places where another religion was established by the state. We argue that RCT's focus on how competition forces ''suppliers to be more responsive and efficient'' <ref type="bibr" coords="5,117.13,534.35,117.66,8.74">(Stark and Finke 2000:201,</ref> emphasis added) causes researchers to ignore other key factors that determine leaders' priorities. Neo-institutional scholars, who have long argued that concerns about efficiency and growth are not typically a driving concern of the leaders of for-profit firms, emphasize these other factors.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>NEO-INSTITUTIONAL THEORY AND THE COUNCIL</head><p>Neo-Institutional Theory (NIT) developed in response to rational choice models of organizational behavior. NIT scholars argue that institutional settings shape actors' preferences and actions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,327.40,163.66,71.88,8.74" target="#b43">(Immergut 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,405.69,163.66,28.83,8.74;5,252.74,175.63,67.97,8.74" target="#b44">Ingram and Clay 2000)</ref>; they thus insist on the importance of institutional embeddedness and bounded rationality when explaining human and organizational behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="5,410.68,211.52,23.85,8.74;5,252.74,223.49,68.73,8.74" target="#b75">(Scott and Meyer 1991)</ref>. In a nutshell, these scholars argue that ''organizations compete not just for resources and customers, but for political power and institutional legitimacy, for social as well as economic fitness'' <ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.74,283.25,142.08,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:150)</ref>. This is the case because ''economic worlds are social worlds . . . <ref type="bibr" coords="5,334.88,307.18,21.05,8.74">[and]</ref> operate according to principles like other social worlds. Actors engage in political actions vis-à-vis one another and construct local cultures to guide that interaction'' <ref type="bibr" coords="5,349.34,354.98,80.85,8.74">(Fligstein 1996:657)</ref>. These local cultures are constructed within an institution's organizational field, which is defined as ''those organizations that, in the aggregate, constitute a recognized area of institutional life: key suppliers, resource and product consumers, regulatory agencies and other organizations that produce similar services or products'' <ref type="bibr" coords="5,365.27,450.65,69.29,8.74;5,252.74,462.61,70.14,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:148)</ref>.</p><p>NIT has been incorporated into research on education (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,334.77,486.76,99.81,8.74;5,252.74,498.83,76.07,8.74" target="#b19">Crowson, Boyd, and Mawhinney 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,333.38,498.83,101.12,8.74" target="#b49">Kraatz and Zajac 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.74,510.91,57.43,8.74" target="#b59">Meyer 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,318.02,510.91,116.50,8.74" target="#b61">Meyer and Rowan 1978;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.74,522.98,53.75,8.74" target="#b69">Rowan 1982</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,317.95,522.98,18.48,8.74">Rowan , 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,347.99,522.98,86.53,8.74;5,252.74,535.06,21.85,8.74" target="#b74">Schofer and Meyer 2005)</ref>, health care (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,366.72,535.06,67.78,8.74;5,252.74,547.13,23.10,8.74" target="#b71">Ruef and Scott 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,288.40,547.13,98.91,8.74" target="#b76">Scott et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,399.82,547.13,34.78,8.74;5,252.74,559.21,135.64,8.74" target="#b91">Wholey, Christianson, and Sanchez 1992)</ref>, for-profit industries and corporations (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,392.35,571.28,42.16,8.74;5,252.74,583.36,60.11,8.74" target="#b4">Baum and Ingram 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,320.49,583.36,114.07,8.74" target="#b5">Baum and Mezias 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.74,595.43,113.15,8.74" target="#b12">Carroll and Wade 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,373.46,595.43,61.14,8.74" target="#b23">Dobbin 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.74,607.51,81.21,8.74" target="#b38">Hannan et al. 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,337.04,607.51,65.09,8.74" target="#b40">Haveman 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,405.17,607.51,29.35,8.74;5,252.74,619.58,21.85,8.74" target="#b62">Mezias 1995)</ref>, nonprofits (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,357.10,619.58,55.99,8.74" target="#b8">Binder 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,418.29,619.58,16.29,8.74;6,51.31,68.13,21.84,8.74" target="#b68">Rao 1998)</ref>, social movement organizations (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.31,80.20,75.78,8.74" target="#b3">Armstrong 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,135.73,80.20,67.37,8.74" target="#b18">Clemens 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,211.75,80.20,21.37,8.74;6,51.31,92.28,23.08,8.74" target="#b36">Hage 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,77.99,92.28,70.66,8.74" target="#b54">Lounsbury 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,152.21,92.28,80.87,8.74;6,51.31,104.35,23.10,8.74" target="#b56">McAdam and Scott 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,77.44,104.35,59.94,8.74" target="#b63">Minkoff 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,140.37,104.35,70.78,8.74" target="#b73">Schneiberg 2002)</ref>, and some aspects of religion (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,177.74,116.32,55.33,8.74" target="#b6">Bender 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.31,128.28,52.29,8.74" target="#b14">Chaves 1996</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,112.41,128.28,18.47,8.74" target="#b14">Chaves , 1997</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,139.73,128.28,93.34,8.74" target="#b20">Demerath et al. 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.31,140.25,58.86,8.74" target="#b21">Dillon 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,119.90,140.25,55.97,8.74" target="#b24">Finke 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,185.60,140.25,47.50,8.74;6,51.31,152.21,69.15,8.74" target="#b25">Finke and Dougherty 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,123.04,152.21,88.88,8.74" target="#b83">Stark and Finke 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Most of these studies examine a population of firms within one organizational field and consequently do not consider how the characteristics of differing organizational fields determine firms' actions. In this article, we examine two of NIT's key concepts about an institution's organizational field: how structurated and how stable it is. The concept of structuration originated with <ref type="bibr" coords="6,193.86,259.84,39.24,8.74;6,51.30,271.80,25.99,8.74" target="#b32">Giddens's (1979)</ref> theory about the ways in which individuals' actions are embedded in and shaped by the social worlds they inhabit. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.30,307.64,118.18,8.74" target="#b22">DiMaggio and Powell (1983)</ref>, organizational fields become more structurated through four processes, all of which were occurring for the Church in Protestant-dominated organizational fields at the time of the Council.</p><p>First, structuration entails ''an increase in the extent of interaction among organizations in the field'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,110.36,391.33,122.71,8.74;6,51.30,403.30,16.28,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983: 148)</ref>. This was seen among Protestants in the ecumenical movement as a whole (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,206.43,415.26,26.67,8.74;6,51.30,427.23,22.31,8.74" target="#b7">Berger 1963;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,76.41,427.23,52.35,8.74" target="#b31">Gaines 1966;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,131.53,427.23,80.32,8.74" target="#b89">Visser't Hooft 1982)</ref>, and between Protestants and Catholics in particular, at the time of Vatican II (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,163.15,451.16,69.93,8.74" target="#b79">Skydsgaard 1957;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.30,463.12,43.16,8.74" target="#b87">Todd 1956</ref>). Second, structuration involves ''the emergence of sharply defined interorganizational structures of domination and patterns of coalition'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,141.15,498.96,91.93,8.74;6,51.30,510.92,38.39,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:148)</ref>. The ecumenical movement was, by its very nature, a coalition among the most established and most powerful religious institutions in their organizational fields. Third, structuration results in ''an increase in the information load with which organizations in a field must contend'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,142.06,582.66,91.03,8.74;6,51.30,594.62,38.39,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:148)</ref>. Such an increased information load was evident in the ecumenical literature on Protestant/Catholic relations, which one author described as approaching ''overwhelming dimensions'' as the Council started <ref type="bibr" coords="6,251.03,92.05,138.50,8.74">(''Ecumenical Chronicle'' 1962:78)</ref>.</p><p>Finally, and most importantly, structuration creates ''a mutual awareness'' among different organizations ''that they are engaged in a common enterprise'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,342.25,139.85,90.56,8.74;6,251.03,151.81,39.13,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:148)</ref>. Such a realization is readily apparent in the ecumenical literature from the decade prior to the Council. For example, a German Lutheran theologian wrote in 1955 that ''there is a new spirit today in the relations between Protestantism and Catholicism. The old historical barriers between them have crumbled from within, and they are being drawn together by a renewal of the Christian spirit'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,280.22,259.44,72.63,8.74">(Kinder 1955:343)</ref>.</p><p>As fields become more structurated, legitimacy concerns, such as whether Catholic devotion to Mary diminishes Jesus' importance, rise to the foreground. To examine whether being in a field structurated by Protestants affected bishops' openness to such concerns, we coded the countries that were more than 50 percent Protestant or had strong ecumenical movements in 1970 as 1; 16 we coded all other countries as 0. This relatively simple variable has significant explanatory power in predicting bishops' votes at Vatican II.</p><p>Field stability is the second key factor from NIT that we examine. In stable organizational fields, ''the identities and status hierarchies of firms (the incumbents and the challengers)'' are well established, and firm leaders attempt ''to mitigate the effects of competition with other firms'' by erecting ''social understandings whereby firms can avoid direct price competition and can solve their internal political problems'' <ref type="bibr" coords="6,394.59,522.32,38.27,8.74;6,251.04,534.29,53.93,8.74">(Fligstein 1996:657-63)</ref>. In their efforts to mitigate competition and keep their fields stable, firm leaders often focus on legitimacy far more than the concerns about efficiency or growth for which their for-profit organizations were originally designed.</p><p>To examine whether bishops from more stable fields were indeed more concerned about legitimacy than were those from less stable fields, we created a measure of the Church's organizational field stability by subtracting each country's percent Catholic in 1954 from the same measure for 1965. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,228.02,280.40,6.77,5.94">17</ref> We obtained these data from the 1955 and 1966 National Catholic Almanac <ref type="bibr" coords="7,210.23,306.64,20.49,8.74">(Foy)</ref>. This measure thus represents the Church's own perspective of how it was faring in various areas around the world at the time of the Council. Although it spans just more than a decade, our measure of stability has significant variation, with 16 percent of the countries in our analysis (mostly from Africa and Asia) showing at least 2 percent growth in percent Catholic, and 18 percent showing at least a 2 percent decline (mostly from Latin America). Our analyses demonstrate that an organizational field's stability is crucial to predicting bishops' votes at Vatican II, particularly once it is interacted with the last variable we developed with the help of NIT: a measure of whether the RCC was an incumbent organization in a given country.</p><p>For our variable representing whether the Church was an incumbent organization, we coded all of the countries in Africa and Asia as 0 (with the exception of the Church in the Philippines, which we coded as incumbent) 18 and all other countries as 1. While it is perhaps a stretch to call the RCC in any organizational field a true ''challenger,'' the Church was not a real incumbent organization in Africa or Asia (see <ref type="bibr" coords="7,172.46,629.39,62.36,8.74" target="#b48">Kollman 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> McKenna 1997), certainly not the way it was in Italy, Spain, Brazil, or even the United States. Incumbent firms are most averse to competition, and thus most responsive to legitimacy concerns, in more stable fields-a conclusion our findings support.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head><p>We present results from separate binomial logistic regression analyses that examine the effects of Church establishment, percent Catholic, structuration, stability, and incumbency on both votes, 19 as well as results from a multinomial logistic regression that allows us to examine swing voters. 20 Because our primary theoretical concern is with how bishops' national contexts influenced their voting behaviors, for the sake of a parsimonious article and models, all independent variables are at the country level. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,427.75,474.51,6.77,5.94">21</ref> We use robust standard errors to adjust for country-level effects on individual-level observations. <ref type="table" coords="7,309.42,512.66,31.62,8.74" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> presents the summary statistics for the variables used in our models.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Sources of Revelation: General Openness to Change</head><p>Our analysis begins with a model that examines how Church establishment and percent Catholic affect the likelihood that a bishop voted progressively on revelation. Model 1 in <ref type="table" coords="8,62.02,474.44,30.77,8.74" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref> demonstrates that even after controlling for percent Catholic, bishops from countries where the RCC was established (the reference category for all models) were more conservative than bishops living in countries with formal religious freedom or countries where another religion was established. At 90 percent Catholic (the middle of the range of percent Catholic for countries where the RCC was established), the predicted probability that bishops where the RCC was established would vote to reject the conservative schema was .35. The same predicted probability for bishops in religiously free environments was more than twice that at .73. Despite the stark differences shown by Model 1, Model 2 demonstrates that we should not assume these variables operate independently. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,330.18,531.94,6.77,5.94">22</ref> The effect of percent Catholic varies substantially with different Church/state relations (see <ref type="figure" coords="8,362.16,558.13,32.97,8.74" target="#fig_1">Figure 1</ref>). 23 Most strikingly, percent Catholic has virtually no effect on the bishops' votes in countries with formal religious freedom (the dotted line). Bishops become more conservative as the Church's market share increases in countries where the RCC or another religion was established. This effect is most dramatic for bishops in countries where the RCC was the state religion. In these countries, the probability that a bishop voted progressively on revelation decreases dramatically, from .95 to .21, as the percent of the population Catholic increases from 75 to 100.</p><p>Here we see our first indication that the variables developed from RCT have limited explanatory power. RCT would not predict that bishops would be extremely progressive where the Church enjoys a substantial but not complete majority (i.e., around 75 to 80 percent of the population) along with legal protection from the state. RCT stresses the importance of the relationship between Church and state for predicting religious institutions' actions; institutions that enjoy state support should be much less open to change than those that do not. <ref type="figure" coords="9,143.72,615.15,33.45,8.74" target="#fig_1">Figure 1</ref> demonstrates, however, that bishops enjoying state support were the most (as well as the least) progressive of all the bishops at the Council.</p><p>Rather than attributing this finding to a unique situation in which market share matters more in places where an institution is established than it does in religiously free environments (something that in and of itself would be a substantial qualification of the theory), we suggest this is a result of the ways in which market share changed during the previous decade in some of the countries in this category. <ref type="figure" coords="9,322.92,519.54,34.69,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 2</ref> supports this conclusion, presenting predicted probabilities generated on the basis of Model 3 (which includes only our neo-institutional variables). <ref type="figure" coords="9,264.70,567.34,33.19,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 2</ref>'s x-axis plots changes in percent Catholic from 1954 to 1965, with less stable fields at both ends of the spectrum (representing places where the Church's market share was declining or growing the most) and the most stable fields in the middle. As  NIT predicts, bishops were most open to change in places where the Church had declined the most. Such declines were most apparent in organizational fields where the Church had been the dominant institution (operationalized here as an incumbent organization in a field that was not structurated by influences from other organizations).</p><p>In summary, Model 3, and its depiction in <ref type="figure" coords="10,51.31,485.35,34.29,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 2</ref>, suggests that the concepts developed by Neo-Institutional theorists to explain the actions of leaders of for-profit firms are also useful for predicting the actions of leaders of religious organizations. The best way to assess these theories' usefulness, however, is to include the measures that operationalize them in the same model as our measures that operationalize religious competition.</p><p>We have done so in Model 4, which demonstrates that both types of measures are useful in predicting religious leaders' general openness to change. 24 Even after controlling for Church establishment and market share, the interaction between incumbency and our measure of whether an organizational field was structurated by a strong Protestant presence retains a substantial and statistically significant effect.</p><p>Recall, however, that organizational sociology is primarily oriented toward predicting whether and how organizations' leaders react to legitimacy concerns. The most prevalent legitimacy concerns at the Council were raised by Protestants, who were not nearly as concerned with what the Council would say about revelation as with what it would say about Mary. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Blessed Virgin Mary: Predicting Bishops' Concerns about Legitimacy</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RCC is an Incumbent in a Highly Structurated Field</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RCC is an Incumbent in an Unstructurated Field</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RCC is Not an Incumbent in an Unstructurated Field</head><p>-21 -19 -17 -15 -13 -11 -9 -7 -5 -3 -1 1 3 5 7 9 11 13 share many similarities with our findings regarding the vote on revelation. 25 Once again, we find that the effect of percent Catholic varies significantly with the Church's relationship with the state. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,108.51,522.82,6.77,5.94">26</ref>  <ref type="figure" coords="11,118.15,525.13,33.44,8.74" target="#fig_4">Figure 3</ref> (based on Model 2), demonstrates that bishops from religiously free environments were again quite progressive, but that, again, this is true almost regardless of percent Catholic. Furthermore, we once again find that market share has the biggest effect on bishops in countries where the Church was established as the state religion, with relatively small decreases in market share radically changing the likelihood that a bishop voted to minimize Mary's importance. Again, we suspect this finding is due to the instability of these more progressive bishops' organizational fields, rather than the relatively small differences in market share within this category (our models that include the organizational variables support this conclusion).</p><p>So far, our findings about both votes are fairly consistent, but we begin to see differences between them with the solid line in <ref type="figure" coords="11,252.74,609.18,34.23,8.74" target="#fig_4">Figure 3</ref>, which represents countries where another religion was established as the state religion. In these countries, percent Catholic has an unexpected and fairly dramatic progressive effect for the vote on Mary. This contradicts our findings on revelation, where the bishops in this category became more conservative as percent Catholic increased. RCT makes few detailed predictions about what to expect when a religious institution is a minority in a religious economy with another established religion (other than the prediction that when such situations give rise to hostility, as they do in Northern Ireland, religious participation will likely be high). We thus have little reason to expect that increases in the RCC's market share would cause bishops to be more likely to support bettering relations with Protestants, much less a theoretical explanation for why this would be so.</p><p>This finding is interpretable from within the Neo-Institutional framework, however, because although they are indistinguishable within current RCT, the countries in this category have two very different kinds of organizational fields. The countries in the first type of field, such as Great Britain and New Zealand, have an established Protestant Church and tend to be at the high end of percent Catholic for this category. The second type of field consists of Muslim countries such as Syria, Jordan, and Iraq, which tend to be at the low end of percent Catholic among countries where another religion is established. Because of the ecumenical movement, bishops in Protestant-dominated countries were subjected to more legitimacy critiques both generally and about Mary in particular. We thus suspect that their progressivism on the issue of Mary is spuriously correlated with percent Catholic-and is much better explained by our measures of incumbency, field  The analyses that include our organizational variables provide support for this conclusion. Whereas percent Catholic seems to have either unpredicted or conflicting effects from vote to vote, Model 3 and its illustration in <ref type="figure" coords="13,65.42,485.18,35.71,8.74" target="#fig_6">Figure 4</ref> demonstrate that our organizational variables have consistent and expected effects. Furthermore, the majority of coefficients for the organizational variables are larger and more statistically significant in Model 4 for the vote on Mary than on revelation, something to be expected given Mary's centrality to legitimacy concerns. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,220.99,566.53,6.77,5.94">27</ref> Model 4 also demonstrates, once again, that the way in which incumbency interacts with stability is crucial: incumbents in declining fields were very progressive, although not as progressive this time as incumbents in highly structurated fields (which also tended to be rather stable, thus the short range for that line in <ref type="figure" coords="13,263.23,425.42,64.10,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figures 2 and 4)</ref>, who were the most likely to vote against having the Council emphasize Mary by giving her her own schema.</p><p>The binary logistic regressions analyzed so far enable us to examine the factors that predict a progressive or conservative stance on each individual vote, but they do not provide insight on the most crucial population: bishops who swung between the two votes. Of the 1,627 bishops who voted on both issues, more than a quarter of them voted progressively on one but conservatively on the other.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SWING VOTERS</head><p>To examine these bishops and the factors that predict their priorities in greater detail, we  conducted a multinomial logistic regression comparing four categories of voters: those who always voted progressively, those who voted progressively on revelation but conservatively on Mary and vice versa, and those who always voted conservatively. Most findings from this analysis are consistent with our analyses of the individual votes, so to save space we do not present the full models. 28 A few central findings from this analysis, however, are worth describing in greater detail.</p><p>The most useful comparisons arise when we examine differences between structurated and unstructurated countries within the two categories of swing voters. 29 Compared with bishops from unstructurated countries, bishops from structurated countries were up to two times more likely to be the swing voters who voted conservatively on revelation but progressively on Mary, and three times less likely to be the swing voters who voted progressively on revelation but conservatively on Mary.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSIONS</head><p>This article sought to answer two questions about the Council: Why were some bishops more or less open to reform than others? And just as importantly, what explains the type of reform they supported; in particular, why did some support the master frame of improving relations with Protestants? To answer these questions, we tested two theories: Rational Choice Theory that focuses on competition, and the more culturally oriented Neo-Institutional Theory that focuses on other factors pertaining to an organization and its environment.</p><p>We found that, as RCT would predict, the relationship between church and state is a crucial predictor of bishops' openness to change. Bishops from religiously free environments were much more likely than bishops from countries where the RCC was the state Church to vote progressively on both of the votes we examined here.</p><p>However, once we examined this relationship in conjunction with how it interacted with the RCC's market share, we found that RCT could not explain the fact that market share had virtually no effect in religiously free environments, an enormous conservative effect in places where the RCC was the state church, and contradictory effects from vote to vote in places where another religion was established by the state. This finding is novel, in large part, because although religious leaders' actions are a key intervening variable for RCT, empirical tests of the theory have neglected to examine such actions in detail (focusing instead on correlations between competition and religious participation). RCT has thus neglected to consider the ways in which characteristics of the broader institutional environment influence leaders.</p><p>Neo-institutional theorists, by contrast, argue that the structuration and stability of leaders' institutional environments, or organizational fields, couple with the position of their organizations within those fields (namely whether they are incumbents or challengers) to shape leaders' interests. They further argue that this often causes leaders to prioritize concerns about their institutions' legitimacy in the eyes of important players over concerns about efficiency and growth that RCT assumes are predominant.</p><p>Our findings demonstrate that these organizational factors are key to predicting bishops' votes at Vatican II. Just like leaders of for-profit firms, religious leaders are interested first and foremost in their firms' survival. They are thus oriented toward keeping stable organizational fields stable (by interpreting murkiness, justifying actions, and addressing legitimacy concerns), stabilizing fields that have destabilized or are not yet stabilized, and minimizing the risks of competition.</p><p>These findings have two important implications for RCT, both of which require broadening commonly used theoretical concepts. First, rather than thinking of a religious institution's environment strictly as a ''religious economy'' that presents more or less competition for that institution, sociologists of religion need to examine institutions' broader organizational fields and all of the organizations that ''constitute a recognized area of institutional life'' <ref type="bibr" coords="15,169.89,187.60,64.87,8.74;15,53.01,199.57,69.52,8.74">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983:148)</ref>. Doing so means recognizing that the presence of other powerful institutions creates pressure to demonstrate organizational legitimacy, not necessarily greater concerns about retaining a competitive edge.</p><p>Second, religious competition theorists need to move away from conceptualizing religious leaders' actions as simply ''marketing strategies.'' Instead, theorists should think about them in terms of organizational strategies, of which the decision to market to gain or keep constituents is but one of many possible priorities. Doing so will enable researchers to better predict when legitimacy concerns will move to the foreground of leaders' priorities. This will also allow for a more careful exploration of the link between the type of organizational strategy leaders pursue and the effects they have on their institutions.</p><p>1. The sociology of religion largely focuses on religion's effects on people; on the growth, decline, or persistence of a particular religious group; or on individual participation, rather than the organizational resources, forces, and mobilization efforts involved in an event like the Council (notable exceptions are Burns 1992; <ref type="bibr" coords="15,370.09,87.31,43.97,6.99" target="#b14">Chaves 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,416.35,87.31,18.17,6.99;15,267.71,97.23,18.18,6.99" target="#b24">Finke 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,288.74,97.23,39.21,6.99" target="#b50">Kurtz 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,330.81,97.23,81.79,6.99" target="#b78">Seidler and Meyer 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,415.45,97.23,19.09,6.99;15,267.71,107.21,18.18,6.99" target="#b80">Smith 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,288.51,107.21,52.31,6.99" target="#b95">Wuthnow 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,343.51,107.21,36.71,6.99" target="#b97">Zaret 1985)</ref>. 2. The most notable exceptions are <ref type="bibr" coords="15,379.28,117.19,52.13,6.99;15,267.71,127.11,46.80,6.99">Hannan and colleagues (1995)</ref>, who examine the same industry in several different countries, <ref type="bibr" coords="15,362.33,137.09,72.19,6.99;15,267.71,147.07,59.66,6.99" target="#b60">and Meyer, Ramirez, and Soysal (1992)</ref>, who examine how the system of mass education diffused globally. Neither of these studies, however, focuses on the same firm across countries, as we do here. 3. The vote tallies identify individual bishops, their titles, dioceses, and votes (in the case of the two votes analyzed in this article, a placet for accept or a non-placet for reject). We obtained the bishops' country information from the 1965 Annuario Pontificio, or the year closest to 1965 in which a bishop appeared <ref type="bibr" coords="15,331.10,246.69,99.85,6.99">(Annuario Pontificio 1962-66)</ref>. For more information on the database construction, please see <ref type="bibr" coords="15,305.35,266.65,65.63,6.99">Wilde (2007:131-32</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="15,372.01,406.13,49.12,6.99" target="#b52">(Laurentin 1964</ref>:2). 8. The official totals for this vote were 1,114 placets to 1,074 non-placets (Alberigo and Komonchak 2000). We found that two bishops whose votes were isolated on the last page of this vote were excluded from the Vatican's official totals (one placet and one non-placet). 9. This applies to groups regardless of theological orientation. RCT posits that in competitive environments, even the most conservative religious leaders should be more active and willing to change aspects of their religion than would those who live in less competitive environments. 10. By ''more open to change,'' we do not mean to imply that all religious leaders in competitive environments are oriented toward lessening tension between their institutions and broader society. Religious change can be world-rejecting or worldaccepting, although RC theorists argue that liberalization, such as that which occurred during the Council, is detrimental and that strict churches are stronger <ref type="bibr" coords="15,296.45,615.34,56.30,6.99" target="#b42">(Iannaccone 1994</ref>). Because we focus on the causes of the changes that came from the Inflation Factors (VIFs). Incumbency and percent Catholic have the highest VIF at 4.25 (anything over 5 is considered a problem <ref type="bibr" coords="17,172.81,87.31,50.19,6.99" target="#b58">[Menard 1995])</ref>. A Wald test of these two variables (see <ref type="bibr" coords="17,211.29,97.23,23.48,6.99;17,67.92,107.21,18.59,6.99" target="#b1">Allison 1999)</ref> indicates that our conclusions are robust. The hypothesis that both incumbency and percent Catholic have a coefficient of zero cannot be rejected (X 2 5 4.18, p 5 .12). Furthermore, a simple comparison of the models indicates that multicollinearity does not seem to be inflating the regression coefficients when the variables are included together in Model 4, as compared to when they are examined separately in Models 2 and 3. However, because percent Catholic and incumbency are highly correlated at .7, we do not emphasize the nonsignificance of any coefficients in our models. 25. We compare the analyses from both votes in the following section, despite the fact that only 85 to 86 percent of the bishops voted on both issues.</p><p>Restricting the models to only these bishops decreases the statistical significance of some coefficients (most likely due to the smaller sample size), but it does not substantially change their direction or magnitude. Furthermore, our multinomial model, which is, by necessity, restricted to bishops who voted on both issues, provides additional support for the findings from the binomial analysis (for more information, see Tables S2 and S4 in the online methodological supplement). 26. A difference of 16.300 in the BIC statistics between Models 1 and 2 provides strong support for Model 2. 27. As expected, the competition variables appear to be much less robust predictors of progressivism for the vote on Mary than for the vote on revelation. For revelation, BIC tests (reported in <ref type="table" coords="17,181.42,426.02,53.35,6.99" target="#tab_2">Tables 2 and 3)</ref> strongly prefer Model 2, which has only the competition variables, and somewhat prefer the (much less parsimonious, a key factor of BIC tests) full Model 4 over Model 3. For the vote on Mary BIC tests strongly prefer Model 4 over Models 2 and 3. Furthermore, excluding Italy (our largest and most conservative category of bishops) does not affect our findings for the vote on revelation, but it does alter our findings for the vote on Mary, with only the organizational variables retaining significance in Model 4. 28. See <ref type="table" coords="17,86.62,545.59,33.79,6.99">Table S4</ref> in the online methodological supplement. 29. For realistic comparisons, we only examined predicted probabilities for religiously free countries and levels of percent Catholic and change in percent Catholic that existed in both structurated and unstructurated environments. These values are presented in the online syntax supplement.</p><p>issue dividing American religious groups. It does so through a comparative-historical study of 33 denominations' reactions to changing norms regarding birth control, abortion, divorce, women's ordination, and homosexuality over the course of the twentieth century.</p><p>Kristin Geraty is an Assistant Professor at North Central College. Her research focuses on religion and politics, particularly the role of congregations in broad-based community organizations. Her dissertation examines how congregations initiate and sustain institutional membership in a political organization and how these relationships have shifted over time.</p><p>Shelley L. Nelson is a PhD candidate in sociology at Indiana University. Her current work examines how social and cultural capital influence college plans and access to higher education among potential first-generation college students in the United States. She is also conducting research on school racial composition and parental involvement in education (with Joshua Klugman and Jennifer C. Lee) and intergenerational financial transfers from parents to their adult children (with Leah K. VanWey).</p><p>Emily A. Bowman is a PhD candidate in sociology at Indiana University. Her dissertation examines the causes and consequences of key moments in U.S. history when the federal government was poised to take a greater role in funding and overseeing public K-12 education, but neglected to do so. She is also conducting research on the role of philanthropic foundations within the realm of American public education (with Pamela Barnhouse Walters) and the influence of leaders in Progressive-Era social movements.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="9,53.01,363.40,379.62,8.42"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Predicting Progressive Voting on Revelation Using Religious Competition Theory</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="10,51.31,359.20,357.33,8.42"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Predicting Progressive Voting on Revelation Using Neo-Institutional Theory</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="12,51.31,363.96,357.23,8.42"><head>Figure 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Predicting Progressive Voting on Mary Using Religious Competition Theory stability, and the amount of Protestant structuration in their countries.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6" coords="13,53.01,377.97,329.85,8.42"><head>Figure 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Predicting Progressive Voting on Mary with Neo-Institutional Theory</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="1,252.74,524.38,138.83,62.62"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>).</figDesc><table coords="1,252.74,557.80,102.83,29.20">a University of Pennsylvania 
b North Central College 
c Indiana University 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,53.01,68.88,381.54,143.84"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Summary Statistics (N 5 1,627)</figDesc><table coords="7,53.01,87.87,381.54,124.84">Variable 
Mean 
SD 
Minimum 
Maximum 

Dependent Variables 
First Vote on Mary 
.507 
.000 
1.000 
Vote on the Sources of Revelation 
.618 
.000 
1.000 
Independent Variables 
Percent Catholic in a Bishop's Country 
61.003 
38.361 
.100 
99.700 
Countries with Formal Religious Freedom 
.645 
.000 
1.000 
Countries with Another Established Religion 
.042 
.000 
1.000 
Countries where RCC is State Religion 
.313 
.000 
1.000 
Change in Percent Catholic 
.241 
3.352 
220.720 
13.270 
Strong Protestant Presence 
.251 
.000 
1.000 
RCC is an Incumbent Organization 
.758 
.000 
1.000 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="8,51.28,68.93,381.61,381.04"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Binary Logistic Regression Models Predicting a Progressive Vote on the Sources of RevelationNote: Numbers in parentheses are standard errors; N 5 1,894. *p \ .05; **p \ .01 (two-tailed tests).</figDesc><table coords="8,253.25,98.36,173.29,7.48">Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="10,81.35,69.28,351.60,569.52"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>presents the findings from our analysis of the contentious vote on Mary. The results Probability of Voting Progressively Change in Percent Catholic, 1954 to 1965</figDesc><table coords="10,98.70,69.28,15.57,192.76">0.00 

0.10 

0.20 

0.30 

0.40 

0.50 

0.60 

0.70 

0.80 

0.90 

1.00 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,53.00,68.93,381.57,385.01"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Binary Logistic Regression Models Predicting a Progressive Vote on the First Vote on the Blessed Virgin Mary</figDesc><table coords="11,263.91,98.36,164.27,7.48">Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="15,256.70,266.65,177.87,146.47"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>). The database is available at http://www.thearda.com. 4. November 20, 1962, Suffragationes, Volume I: Number 5. 5. October 29, 1963, Suffragationes, Volume XIX: Number 97. 6. Whereas there was little to no mention of revelation in the ecumenical literature before and during the Council, many Protestant commentators emphasized their profound feelings of alienation in relation to Catholic devotion to Mary. 7. One Catholic ecumenist noted that if the First Session had ended with a separate schema on Mary being promulgated, the Council would have been ''striking a blow at the ecumenical spirit''</figDesc><table></table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Council, not the effects, we do not engage this debate. 11. Until now, studies have either focused solely on the United States (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="16,130.79,97.23,102.31,6.99" target="#b9">Blau, Redding, and Land 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,107.21,48.28,6.99" target="#b10">Breault 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,120.98,107.21,69.43,6.99" target="#b26">Finke et al. 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,196.89,107.21,36.19,6.99;16,66.22,117.19,59.63,6.99" target="#b27">Finke and Iannaccone 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,130.80,117.19,75.86,6.99" target="#b28">Finke and Stark 1988</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,206.66,117.19,22.85,6.99" target="#b82">, 1992</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,87.09,127.11,46.92,6.99" target="#b46">Johnson 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,136.69,127.11,96.41,6.99" target="#b51">Land, Deane, and Blau 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,137.09,35.32,6.99" target="#b64">Olson 1998</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,107.10,137.09,14.54,6.99" target="#b66">Olson , 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,127.23,137.09,66.42,6.99" target="#b67">Perl and Olson 2000)</ref>, on a selection of countries consisting of outliers (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,157.04,118.70,6.99" target="#b37">Hamberg and Pettersson 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,193.73,157.04,39.37,6.99;16,66.22,166.97,53.84,6.99" target="#b66">Olson and Hadaway 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,125.52,166.97,40.58,6.99" target="#b82">Stark 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,171.56,166.97,61.53,6.99;16,66.22,176.95,60.47,6.99" target="#b84">Stark, Finke, and Iannaccone 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,132.55,176.95,100.55,6.99">Stark and Iannaccone 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,186.93,40.06,6.99" target="#b92">Wilde 2001)</ref>, countries from only one area of the world, such as Latin America <ref type="bibr" coords="16,181.31,196.90,39.40,6.99" target="#b33">(Gill 1999)</ref> or Europe <ref type="bibr" coords="16,93.83,206.83,85.87,6.99" target="#b45">(Jelen and Wilcox 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,184.20,206.83,48.91,6.99" target="#b53">Lechner 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,216.81,37.28,6.99" target="#b82">Stark 1993)</ref>, or only industrialized countries (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,226.78,82.99,6.99" target="#b15">Chaves and Cann 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,153.53,226.78,79.56,6.99;16,66.22,236.71,50.44,6.99" target="#b17">Chaves, Schraeder, and Sprindys 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,120.59,236.71,58.55,6.99" target="#b42">Iannaccone 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,183.01,236.71,50.10,6.99;16,66.22,246.69,53.09,6.99" target="#b88">Verweij, Ester, and Nauta 1997)</ref>. 12. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,256.66,43.02,6.99" target="#b64">Olson (1998)</ref> demonstrates that these problems are particularly serious in analyses that include measures of market share, such as percent Catholic. Because this is a key measure for us, we do not include a measure of pluralism in this analysis. 13. We use data from 1955 to avoid problems created by the Council, which was called in 1958, because religious freedom was one of its major focuses and seems to have changed the Church's assessment of its situation in some countries, particularly where it enjoyed privileges (see <ref type="bibr" coords="16,143.95,356.28,53.58,6.99">Wilde 2007:132)</ref>. 14. Most studies use scales or indices to examine the effects of relative amounts of religious regulation (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="16,85.61,386.16,79.52,6.99" target="#b15">Chaves and Cann 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,168.33,386.16,64.78,6.99" target="#b17">Chaves et al. 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.22,396.14,32.58,6.99" target="#b33">Gill 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,100.75,396.14,69.60,6.99" target="#b35">Grim and Finke 2007)</ref>. We use a categorical variable because we could not obtain detailed information about many of the measures included in such indices for more than half of our countries at the time of the Council, and because doing so is truer to the descriptions provided in the National Catholic Almanacs. 15. If the Church's official legal situation in a country differed from on-the-ground reality, the variable reflects the de facto situation. Furthermore, if there were regime or border changes between 1955 and 1965 (the end of the Council), we coded the country according to what the NCA said about it for the year closest to that change. A list of the countries in our analysis and the codes they were given for this variable are available in <ref type="table" coords="16,133.12,545.60,28.80,6.99">Table S1</ref> in the online methodological supplement (http://asr.sagepub.com/ supplemental). 16. The percentage of the population that was Protestant was obtained from the World Christian Database (http://worldchristiandatabase.org/wcd/). Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, and France were the non-majority Protestant countries with a strong ecumenical movement (see <ref type="bibr" coords="16,186.18,625.32,39.43,6.99">Wilde 2007)</ref>.</p><p>17. This was the largest pre-Council span of time with decent data. To obtain change in percent Catholic statistics for Dahomey, Ivory Coast, and Senegal, which were aggregated under French West Africa in 1955, we re-aggregated their 1965 population statistics and gave each of them the change in percent Catholic for the entire area (which was 0). In addition, percent Catholic from 1954 was missing and substituted with data from 1953 for Guadalupe, Martinique, Malaysia, and Somalia <ref type="bibr" coords="16,392.32,157.10,37.11,6.99" target="#b30">(Foy 1954)</ref>, and from 1957 for Ghana <ref type="bibr" coords="16,352.41,167.02,34.84,6.99" target="#b30">(Foy 1958)</ref>. 18. We considered coding the Church as an incumbent organization in French West Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Angola, and Uganda because these regions had a longer-standing history of RCC missionary activity than did other areas within Africa. Ultimately, we determined that the Church's presence suffered from ''a lack of consistency'' <ref type="bibr" coords="16,266.01,246.74,67.32,6.99">(Hastings 1994:194)</ref> in these regions, making its presence much weaker than it was in other missionary countries, such as the Philippines, where we coded the Church as an incumbent organization. 19. Because GDP is a national-level variable of general importance, we also examined its effect <ref type="bibr" coords="16,409.78,296.58,23.07,6.99;16,266.01,306.56,62.77,6.99">(World Bank 1960-present)</ref>. It did not have significant effects, did not change the effects of any of our other variables on either vote, and caused us to lose an additional 150 cases, so we do not include it here. 20. Our analyses include about 85 percent of the almost 2,200 bishops who lodged valid votes on each issue. The vast majority of lost voters are due to unavailable or unreliable information about a country, usually either Church establishment or percent Catholic, often because of communist suppression (a third of the missing cases on each vote). Another third of our missing cases are superior generals or heads of religious orders (N 5 95), for whom country of service information is not available. Analyses suggest no great differences between bishops with missing data and the average voter. 21. We examined all of the individual-level variables we had at our disposal, including age, whether a bishop's position was residential or administrative, and whether he was native to his country of service. Although age (and only age) has significant effects, with older bishops voting more conservatively, including it does not significantly change the effects of any of our more theoretically interesting national-level variables. 22. A difference of 69.471 in the Bayesian Information Criteria (BIC) statistics between Models 1 and 2 provides very strong support for the model with interaction effects. 23. Each line is truncated so that only actual values are displayed for <ref type="figure" coords="16,299.41,605.42,26.10,6.99">Figure 1</ref> and every other figure we present. 24. We checked for problems associated with multicollinearity in Model 4 by generating Variance</p><p>Copyright of American Sociological Review is the property of American Sociological Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,88.27,181.78,6.99;17,264.70,98.25,169.84,6.99;17,264.70,108.23,169.83,6.99;17,264.70,118.15,169.84,6.99;17,264.70,128.13,20.33,6.99;17,252.74,138.11,181.78,6.99;17,264.70,148.03,169.81,6.99;17,264.70,158.01,169.86,6.99;17,264.70,167.99,136.62,6.99;17,252.74,177.96,181.80,6.99;17,264.69,187.89,169.84,6.99;17,264.69,197.87,169.81,6.99;17,264.69,207.84,97.39,6.99" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">History of Vatican II: Volume I: Announcing and Preparing Vatican Council II: Toward a New Era in Catholicism</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Mature Council: Second Period and Intersession</title>
		<editor>Alberigo, Giuseppe and Joseph Komonchak</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Maryknoll, NY; Maryknoll, NY; Maryknoll, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Orbis Books</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1962-09" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">III</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Orbis Books. English ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,217.82,181.82,6.99;17,264.69,227.75,127.94,6.99" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple Regression, A Primer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Pine Forge Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,237.73,181.82,6.99;17,264.69,247.70,169.83,6.99;17,264.69,257.68,21.40,6.99" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Annuario Pontificio per l&apos;anno 1962-66. 1962-66</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Typis Polyglottis Vaticanis</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Vatican City</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Vatican Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,267.61,181.76,6.99;17,264.69,277.58,169.86,6.99;17,264.69,287.56,137.45,6.99" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Forging Gay Identities: Organizing Sexuality in San Francisco</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Armstrong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1950" to="1994" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,297.49,181.75,6.99;17,264.69,307.46,169.82,6.99;17,264.69,317.44,160.87,6.99" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Population-Level Learning in the Manhattan Hotel Industry, 1898-1980</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joel</forename><forename type="middle">A C</forename><surname>Baum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Ingram</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="996" to="1016" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,327.42,181.82,6.99;17,264.69,337.34,169.82,6.99;17,264.69,347.32,169.85,6.99;17,264.69,357.30,151.11,6.99" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Localized Competition and Organizational Failure in the Manhattan Hotel Industry, 1898-1990</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joel</forename><forename type="middle">A C</forename><surname>Baum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stephen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mezias</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="580" to="604" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,367.28,181.82,6.99;17,264.70,377.20,169.84,6.99;17,264.70,387.18,93.69,6.99" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Heaven&apos;s Kitchen: Living Religion at God&apos;s Love We Deliver</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Courtney</forename><surname>Bender</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,397.16,181.79,6.99;17,264.70,407.08,146.42,6.99" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Market Model for the Analysis of Ecumenicity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Berger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1963" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,417.06,181.83,6.99;17,264.70,427.04,169.85,6.99;17,264.70,437.02,95.99,6.99" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">For Love and Money: Organizations&apos; Creative Responses to Multiple Environmental Logics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><surname>Binder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Theory and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="547" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,446.94,181.82,6.99;17,264.70,456.92,169.84,6.99;17,264.70,466.90,169.83,6.99;17,264.70,476.88,103.13,6.99" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethno-cultural Cleavages and the Growth of Church Membership in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kent</forename><surname>Redding</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Land</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Forum</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="609" to="637" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,486.80,181.74,6.99;17,264.70,496.78,169.85,6.99;17,264.70,506.76,142.32,6.99" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New Evidence on Religious Pluralism, Urbanism, and Religious Participation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Breault</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1048" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.74,516.68,181.79,6.99;17,264.69,526.66,169.84,6.99;17,264.69,536.64,168.25,6.99;17,252.73,546.62,181.77,6.99;17,264.69,556.54,169.85,6.99;17,264.69,566.52,169.87,6.99;17,252.73,576.50,181.76,6.99;17,264.69,586.48,169.84,6.99;17,264.69,596.40,74.28,6.99" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Ecumenical Revolution: An Interpretation of the Catholic-Protestant Dialogue. Garden City, NY: Doubleday. Burns, Gene. 1992</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mcafee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1123" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Theory and Society</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,252.73,606.38,181.77,6.99;17,264.69,616.36,169.79,6.99;18,63.27,67.35,169.86,6.99;18,63.27,77.33,159.61,6.99" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Density Dependence in the Evolution of the American Brewing Industry Across Different Levels of Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Glenn</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Carroll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Wade</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="302" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.31,87.31,181.82,6.99;18,63.28,97.23,162.00,6.99" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Public Religions in the Modern World</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">José</forename><surname>Casanova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.31,107.21,181.80,6.99;18,63.28,117.19,169.83,6.99;18,63.28,127.11,83.18,6.99;18,51.31,137.09,181.76,6.99;18,63.28,147.07,169.85,6.99;18,63.28,157.04,83.88,6.99" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ordaining Women: Culture and Conflict in Religious Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Chaves</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="840" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Ordaining Women: The Diffusion of an Organizational Innovation</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.31,166.97,181.74,6.99;18,63.28,176.95,169.84,6.99;18,63.28,186.93,110.82,6.99" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Regulation, Pluralism and Religious Market Structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Chaves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Cann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rationality and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="272" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.31,196.90,181.74,6.99;18,63.28,206.83,169.85,6.99;18,63.28,216.81,105.00,6.99" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Pluralism and Religious Participation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Chaves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><surname>Gorski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,226.78,181.79,6.99;18,63.29,236.71,169.80,6.99;18,63.29,246.69,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,256.66,67.25,6.99" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">State Religion and Muslim Religious Vitality in the Industrialized West</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Chaves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mario</forename><surname>Schraeder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sprindys</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1087" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,266.64,181.77,6.99;18,63.29,276.57,169.80,6.99;18,63.29,286.54,169.84,6.99" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The People&apos;s Lobby: Organizational Innovation and the Rise of Interest Group Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elisabeth</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Clemens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,296.52,181.80,6.99;18,63.29,306.50,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,316.42,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,326.40,163.37,6.99" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Crowson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>William</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hanne</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Boyd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mawhinney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">The Politics of Education and the New Institutionalism: Reinventing the American School</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Washington, DC</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Falmer Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,336.38,181.77,6.99;18,63.29,346.36,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,356.28,160.18,6.99" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Sacred Companies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicholas</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Demerath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rhys</forename><surname>Peter Dobkin Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terry</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,366.26,181.79,6.99;18,63.29,376.24,169.82,6.99;18,63.29,386.16,55.08,6.99" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Catholic Identity: Balancing Reason, Faith and Power</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michele</forename><surname>Dillon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,396.14,181.77,6.99;18,63.29,406.12,169.82,6.99;18,63.29,416.10,169.85,6.99;18,63.29,426.02,138.27,6.99" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Iron Cage Revisited: Institutional Isomorphism and Collective Rationality in Organizational Fields</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dimaggio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Walter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,436.00,181.76,6.99;18,63.29,445.98,169.80,6.99;18,63.29,455.96,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,465.88,169.81,6.99;18,63.29,475.86,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,485.84,169.81,6.99;18,63.29,495.76,33.44,6.99;18,51.32,505.74,181.73,6.99;18,63.29,515.72,169.79,6.99;18,63.29,525.70,144.38,6.99" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Origins of Economic Principles: Railway Entrepreneurs and Public Policy in 19th Century America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ecumenical Review</title>
		<editor>W. R. Scott and S. Christensen</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="1962" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in The Institutional Construction of Organizations: International and Longitudinal Studies. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage. &apos;&apos;Ecumenical Chronicle: Report of the Executive Committee to the Central Committee, At Paris</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,535.62,181.80,6.99;18,63.29,545.60,169.85,6.99;18,63.29,555.58,169.83,6.99;18,63.29,565.56,123.75,6.99" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Innovative Returns to Tradition: Using Core Teachings as the Foundation for Innovative Accommodation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,575.48,181.78,6.99;18,63.29,585.46,169.79,6.99;18,63.29,595.44,169.84,6.99;18,63.29,605.36,131.72,6.99" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Professional Training: The Social and Religious Capital Acquired in Seminaries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><surname>Dougherty</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.32,615.34,181.82,6.99;18,63.29,625.32,169.79,6.99;18,263.02,67.40,169.85,6.99;18,263.02,77.38,142.32,6.99" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mobilizing Local Religious Markets: Religious Pluralism in the Empire State, 1855 to 1865</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Avery</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Roger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Guest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="218" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.06,87.36,181.83,6.99;18,263.02,97.28,169.85,6.99;18,263.02,107.26,169.81,6.99;18,263.02,117.24,100.52,6.99" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Supply-Side Explanations for Religious Change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Iannaccone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">527</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.06,127.16,181.80,6.99;18,263.03,137.14,169.85,6.99;18,263.03,147.12,169.81,6.99;18,263.03,157.10,100.62,6.99;18,251.06,167.02,181.82,6.99;18,263.03,177.00,153.16,6.99;18,251.06,186.98,181.78,6.99;18,263.03,196.96,169.85,6.99;18,263.03,206.88,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Economies and Sacred Canopies: Religious Mobilization in American Cities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="761" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1906" />
			<publisher>Rutgers University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>American Sociological Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.06,216.79,181.78,7.06;18,263.00,226.77,169.84,6.99;18,263.00,236.69,138.33,6.99" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Markets as Politics: A Political-Cultural Approach to Market Institutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Neil</forename><surname>Fligstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="656" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,246.67,181.80,6.99;18,262.99,256.65,146.58,6.99;18,251.04,266.63,181.82,6.99;18,263.00,276.55,113.54,6.99;18,251.04,286.53,181.82,6.99;18,263.00,296.51,113.54,6.99;18,251.04,306.49,181.82,6.99;18,263.00,316.41,113.54,6.99" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">National Catholic Almanac</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Felician</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Foy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1954" />
			<pubPlace>Paterson, NJ: St. Anthony&apos;s Guild; Paterson, NJ: St. Anthony&apos;s Guild</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Catholic Almanac. Paterson, NJ: St. Anthony&apos;s Guild ; National Catholic Almanac. Paterson, NJ: St. Anthony&apos;s Guild</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>National Catholic Almanac</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,326.39,181.78,6.99;18,263.00,336.37,169.86,6.99;18,263.00,346.35,134.99,6.99" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The World Council of Churches: A Study of its Background and History</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gaines</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1966" />
			<publisher>Richard R. Smith Co</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Peterborough, NH</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,356.27,181.80,6.99;18,263.00,366.25,169.85,6.99;18,263.00,376.23,169.85,6.99;18,263.00,386.15,53.84,6.99" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><surname>Giddens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Central Problems in Social Theory: Action, Structure, and Contradiction in Social Analysis</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Berkeley, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,396.13,181.79,6.99;18,263.00,406.11,169.79,6.99;18,263.00,416.09,169.85,6.99;18,263.00,426.01,65.90,6.99" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Government Regulation, Social Anomie and Protestant Growth in Latin America: A Cross-National Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><surname>Gill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rationality and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="316" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,435.99,181.74,6.99;18,263.00,445.97,169.87,6.99;18,263.00,455.95,169.92,6.99" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Catholic Revolution: New Wine, Old Wineskins, and the Second Vatican Council</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Greeley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,465.87,181.80,6.99;18,263.00,475.85,169.81,6.99;18,263.00,485.83,169.84,6.99;18,263.00,495.75,138.33,6.99" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Persecution in Cross-National Context: Clashing Civilizations or Regulated Religious Economies?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Grim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="633" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,505.73,181.78,6.99;18,263.00,515.71,169.84,6.99;18,263.00,525.68,74.28,6.99" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Innovation and Organizational Change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jerald</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hage</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="597" to="622" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,535.61,181.89,6.99;18,263.00,545.59,169.87,6.99;18,263.00,555.56,169.85,6.99;18,263.00,565.54,169.95,6.99" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Religious Market: Denominational Competition and Religious Participation in Contemporary Sweden</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eva</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hamberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thorleif</forename><surname>Pettersson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,251.04,575.47,181.82,6.99;18,263.01,585.45,169.87,6.99;18,263.01,595.42,169.81,6.99;18,263.01,605.35,169.85,6.99;18,263.01,615.33,169.84,6.99;18,263.01,625.30,142.32,6.99" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Evolution in a Multinational Context: Entries of Automobile Manufacturers in Belgium</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hannan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Glenn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Carroll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">Charles</forename><surname>Dundon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Torres</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="509" to="528" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.01,67.35,181.78,6.99;19,64.92,77.33,119.32,6.99" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Church in Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrian</forename><surname>Hastings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Clarendon Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1450" to="1950" />
			<pubPlace>Oxford, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.01,87.31,181.78,6.99;19,64.92,97.23,169.89,6.99;19,64.92,107.21,169.83,6.99;19,64.92,117.19,93.41,6.99" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Size and Change: Diversification in the Savings and Loan Industry after Deregulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Heather</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Haveman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.01,127.11,181.77,6.99;19,64.92,137.09,169.85,6.99;19,64.92,147.07,109.04,6.99" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sociological Rational Choice Theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Hechter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Satoshi</forename><surname>Kanazawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="214" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,157.04,181.76,6.99;19,64.92,166.97,169.88,6.99;19,64.92,176.95,169.86,6.99;19,64.92,186.93,32.13,6.99;19,53.02,196.90,181.81,6.99;19,64.92,206.83,152.38,6.99" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Consequences of Religious Market Structure: Adam Smith and the Economics of Religion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Iannaccone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1180" to="1211" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Rationality and Society</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,216.81,181.79,6.99;19,64.92,226.78,169.88,6.99" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Theoretical Core of the New Institutionalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ellen</forename><surname>Immergut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Politics and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,236.71,181.77,6.99;19,64.92,246.69,169.87,6.99;19,64.92,256.66,169.90,6.99;19,64.92,266.64,70.35,6.99" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Choice-Within-Constraints New Institutionalism and Implications for Sociology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Ingram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><surname>Clay</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="525" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,276.57,181.78,6.99;19,64.92,286.54,169.87,6.99;19,64.92,296.52,169.88,6.99;19,64.92,306.50,148.24,6.99" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Context and Conscience: The Catholic Church as an Agent of Political Socialization in Western Europe</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ted</forename><surname>Jelen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clyde</forename><surname>Wilcox</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,316.42,181.78,6.99;19,64.93,326.40,169.88,6.99;19,64.93,336.38,169.89,6.99;19,64.93,346.36,133.02,6.99" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Competition and Demand-Side Revivalism? Evaluating the Social Influences on New York State Evangelism in the 1830s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Curtis</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science History</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,356.28,181.78,6.99;19,64.93,366.26,169.86,6.99;19,64.93,376.24,85.93,6.99" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protestant-Roman Catholic Encounter: An Ecumenical Obligation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ernst</forename><surname>Kinder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Ecumenical Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="338" to="384" />
			<date type="published" when="1955" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,386.16,181.80,6.99;19,64.93,396.14,169.88,6.99;19,64.93,406.12,59.07,6.99" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Evangelization of Slaves and Catholic Origins in Eastern Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Kollman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Orbis Books</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Maryknoll, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,416.10,181.78,6.99;19,64.93,426.02,169.87,6.99;19,64.93,436.00,169.88,6.99;19,64.93,445.98,131.01,6.99" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the Limits of New Institutionalism: The Causes and Consequences of Illegitimate Organizational Change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kraatz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Zajac</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="812" to="848" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,455.96,181.80,6.99;19,64.93,465.88,169.86,6.99;19,64.93,475.86,115.46,6.99" xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Politics of Heresy: The Modernist Crisis in Roman Catholicism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lester</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Kurtz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,485.84,181.78,6.99;19,64.93,495.76,169.89,6.99;19,64.93,505.74,169.94,6.99;19,64.93,515.72,102.59,6.99" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Pluralism and Church Membership: A Spatial Diffusion Model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Land</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Glenn</forename><surname>Deane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="286" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,525.70,181.78,6.99;19,64.92,535.62,169.88,6.99;19,64.93,545.60,161.65,6.99" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Blessed Virgin at the Council.&apos;&apos; Marian Library Studies 109</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">René</forename><surname>Laurentin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1964" />
			<pubPlace>Dayton, OH</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Marian Library of the University of Dayton</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,555.58,181.78,6.99;19,64.93,565.56,169.90,6.99;19,64.93,575.48,65.93,6.99" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Secularization in the Netherlands?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lechner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="252" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,53.02,585.46,181.80,6.99;19,64.93,595.44,169.88,6.99;19,64.93,605.36,169.83,6.99;19,64.93,615.34,169.90,6.99;19,64.93,625.32,169.84,6.99" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutional Variation in the Evolution of Social Movements: Competing Logics and the Spread of Recycling Advocacy Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Lounsbury</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Social Movements and Organization Theory</title>
		<editor>G. F. Davis, D</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="95" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,264.72,67.40,169.84,6.99;19,264.72,77.38,114.56,6.99" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mcadam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Zald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.76,87.36,181.83,6.99;19,264.72,97.28,169.90,6.99;19,264.72,107.26,169.84,6.99;19,264.72,117.24,169.86,6.99;19,264.72,127.16,169.82,6.99;19,264.72,137.14,57.39,6.99" xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Organizations and Movements.&apos;&apos; Pp. 4-40 in Social Movements and Organization Theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Doug</forename><surname>Mcadam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W. Richard</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">;</forename><forename type="middle">G F</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Mcadam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Zald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.76,147.12,181.80,6.99;19,264.72,157.10,169.82,6.99;19,264.72,167.02,86.55,6.99" xml:id="b57">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Finding a Social Voice: The Church and Marxism in Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Mckenna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Fordham University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Bronx, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.76,177.00,181.80,7.00;19,264.72,186.91,120.27,7.06" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied Logistic Regression Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><surname>Menard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.74,196.89,181.78,6.99;19,264.70,206.82,169.84,6.99;19,264.70,216.79,169.85,6.99;19,264.70,226.77,169.83,6.99;19,264.70,236.70,102.66,6.99" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Centralization of Funding and Control in Educational Governance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Organizational Environments: Ritual and Rationality</title>
		<editor>J. W. Meyer and W. R. Scott. Beverly Hills, CA: Sage</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="98" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.74,246.67,181.78,6.99;19,264.70,256.65,169.81,6.99;19,264.70,266.63,169.83,6.99;19,264.70,276.56,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">World Expansion of Mass Education, 1870-1980</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Francisco</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yasemin Nuhoglu</forename><surname>Ramirez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Soysal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociology of Education</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="128" to="177" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.74,286.53,181.78,6.99;19,264.70,296.51,169.84,6.99;19,264.70,306.49,169.87,6.99;19,264.70,316.41,132.12,6.99" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Structure of Educational Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><surname>Rowan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Environments and Organizations</title>
		<editor>M. W. Meyer</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Francisco, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Jossey-Bass</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="109" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.74,326.39,181.91,6.99;19,264.70,336.37,169.90,6.99;19,264.70,346.35,169.90,6.99;19,264.70,356.27,169.85,6.99;19,264.70,366.25,169.94,6.99;19,264.70,376.23,169.92,6.99;19,264.70,386.15,32.95,6.99" xml:id="b62">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Using Institutional Theory to Understand For-Profit Sectors: The Case of Financial Reporting Standards</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mezias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>W. R. Scott and S. Christensen</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="164" to="98" />
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in The Institutional Construction of Organizations: International and Longitudinal Studies</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.74,396.13,181.79,6.99;19,264.70,406.11,169.85,6.99;19,264.70,416.09,163.62,6.99" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Service Provision to Institutional Advocacy: The Shifting Legitimacy of Organizational Forms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Debra</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Minkoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="943" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,426.01,181.84,6.99;19,264.71,435.99,169.80,6.99;19,264.71,445.97,59.54,6.99" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Pluralism in Contemporary U.S. Counties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">V A</forename><surname>Olson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="759" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,455.95,181.77,6.99;19,264.72,465.87,169.84,6.99;19,264.72,475.85,65.93,6.99" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Pluralism and U.S. Church Membership: A Reassessment</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociology of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,485.83,181.83,6.99;19,264.72,495.75,169.82,6.99;19,264.72,505.73,169.84,6.99;19,264.72,515.71,131.77,6.99" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Pluralism and Affiliation among Canadian Counties and Cities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">V A</forename><surname>Olson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Kirk</forename><surname>Hadaway</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="490" to="508" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,525.69,181.79,6.99;19,264.72,535.61,169.83,6.99;19,264.72,545.59,169.83,6.99;19,264.72,555.57,91.20,6.99" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religious Market Share and Intensity of Church Involvement in Five Denominations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Perl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">V A</forename><surname>Olson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,565.55,181.78,6.99;19,264.72,575.47,169.82,6.99;19,264.72,585.45,169.81,6.99;19,264.72,595.43,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Caveat Emptor: The Constructions of Nonprofit Consumer Watchdog Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hayagreeva</forename><surname>Rao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="912" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,252.75,605.35,181.82,6.99;19,264.72,615.33,169.84,6.99;19,264.72,625.31,169.87,6.99" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Structure and the Institutional Environment: The Case of Public Schools</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><surname>Rowan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="259" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.31,67.35,181.81,6.99;20,63.27,77.33,169.84,6.99;20,63.27,87.31,169.80,6.99;20,63.27,97.23,169.86,6.99;20,63.27,107.21,169.81,6.99;20,63.27,117.19,101.06,6.99" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The New Institutionalism and the Study of Educational Organizations: Changing Ideas for Changing Times</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The New Institutionalism in Education</title>
		<editor>H. D. Meyer and B. Rowan</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Albany, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="32" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>State University of New York Press</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.31,127.11,181.86,6.99;20,63.27,137.09,169.82,6.99;20,63.27,147.07,169.93,6.99;20,63.27,157.04,169.84,6.99;20,63.27,166.97,72.70,6.99" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Multidimensional Model of Organizational Legitimacy: Hospital Survival in Changing Institutional Environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ruef</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W. Richard</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="877" to="904" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,176.95,181.80,6.99;20,63.28,186.93,88.56,6.99" xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Vatican Council II</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xavier</forename><surname>Rynne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
			<pubPlace>New York: Farrar, Strauss and Giroux</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,196.90,181.74,6.99;20,63.28,206.83,169.84,6.99;20,63.28,216.81,169.79,6.99;20,63.28,226.78,169.84,6.99;20,63.28,236.71,80.32,6.99" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Heterogeneity and the Production of New Forms: Politics, Social Movements, and Mutual Companies in American Fire Insurance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Schneiberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in the Sociology of Organizations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,246.69,181.90,6.99;20,63.28,256.66,169.84,6.99;20,63.28,266.64,169.88,6.99;20,63.28,276.57,39.30,6.99" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Worldwide Expansion of Higher Education in the Twentieth Century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evan</forename><surname>Schofer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="898" to="920" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,286.54,181.89,6.99;20,63.28,296.52,169.81,6.99;20,63.28,306.50,169.82,6.99;20,63.28,316.42,169.81,6.99;20,63.28,326.40,169.84,6.99;20,63.28,336.38,72.25,6.99" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Organization of Societal Sectors: Propositions and Early Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Richard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The New Institutionalism in Organizational Analysis</title>
		<editor>W. W. Powell and P. J. DiMaggio</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago, IL</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="108" to="140" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,346.36,181.71,6.99;20,63.28,356.28,169.80,6.99;20,63.28,366.26,169.85,6.99;20,63.28,376.24,169.85,6.99;20,63.28,386.16,35.88,6.99" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutional Change and Healthcare Organizations: From Professional Dominance to Managed Care</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Richard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ruef</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carol</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mendel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Caronna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,396.14,181.78,6.99;20,63.28,406.12,169.86,6.99" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Priest Resignations in a Lazy Monopoly</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Seidler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="763" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,416.10,181.81,6.99;20,63.29,426.02,169.79,6.99;20,63.29,436.00,96.24,6.99" xml:id="b78">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Conflict and Change in the Catholic Church</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Seidler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<publisher>Rutgers University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Brunswick, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,445.98,181.81,6.99;20,63.29,455.96,152.31,6.99" xml:id="b79">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">One in Christ: Protestant and Catholic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Skydsgaard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1957" />
			<publisher>Muhlenberg Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Philadelphia, PA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,465.88,181.78,6.99;20,63.29,475.86,169.84,6.99;20,63.29,485.84,164.66,6.99" xml:id="b80">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Emergence of Liberation Theology: Radical Religion and Social Movement Theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christian</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,495.76,181.78,6.99;20,63.29,505.74,169.84,6.99;20,63.29,515.72,169.82,6.99;20,63.29,525.70,169.82,6.99;20,63.29,535.62,72.82,6.99" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Master Frames and Cycles of Protest</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Snow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Benford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Frontiers in Social Movement Theory</title>
		<editor>A. D. Morris and C. M. Mueller</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Haven, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Yale University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="55" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,545.60,181.79,6.99;20,63.29,555.58,138.31,6.99;20,51.32,565.56,181.77,6.99;20,63.29,575.48,169.84,6.99;20,63.29,585.46,169.80,6.99;20,63.29,595.44,25.90,6.99" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Research Note: Europe&apos;s Receptivity to New Religious Movements: Round Two</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="389" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Rationality and Society</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,51.32,605.36,181.80,6.99;20,63.28,615.34,169.81,6.99;20,63.28,625.32,115.46,6.99" xml:id="b83">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Acts of Faith: Explaining the Human Side of Religion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,67.40,181.79,6.99;20,263.01,77.38,169.84,6.99;20,263.01,87.36,169.87,6.99;20,263.01,97.28,74.78,6.99" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pluralism and Piety: England and Wales, 1851</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Finke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Iannaccone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="431" to="475" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,107.26,181.79,6.99;20,263.01,117.24,169.81,6.99;20,263.01,127.16,169.85,6.99;20,263.01,137.14,65.93,6.99" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Supply-Side Reinterpretation of the &apos;Secularization&apos; of Europe</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Iannaccone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="230" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,147.12,181.81,6.99;20,263.01,157.10,169.84,6.99;20,263.01,167.02,169.84,6.99;20,263.01,177.00,95.24,6.99" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response to Lechner: Recent Religious Declines in Quebec, Poland and the Netherlands: A Theory Vindicated</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="265" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,186.98,181.80,6.99;20,263.01,196.96,169.87,6.99;20,263.01,206.88,33.03,6.99" xml:id="b87">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Catholicism and the Ecumenical Movement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Todd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1956" />
			<publisher>Longmans, Green and Company</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,216.86,181.83,6.99;20,263.01,226.84,169.82,6.99;20,263.01,236.76,169.83,6.99;20,263.01,246.74,156.15,6.99" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Secularization as an Economic and Cultural Phenomenon: A Cross-National Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johan</forename><surname>Verweij</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Ester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rein</forename><surname>Nauta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="324" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.05,256.65,181.78,7.06;20,263.00,266.62,169.81,6.99;20,263.00,276.55,135.57,6.99" xml:id="b89">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Genesis and Formation of the World Council of Churches</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Visser&amp;apos;t Hooft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<publisher>World Council of Churches</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Geneva, Switzerland</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,286.53,181.78,6.99;20,263.00,296.50,169.85,6.99;20,263.00,306.48,169.83,6.99;20,263.00,316.41,83.19,6.99" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Work in Progress: Toward a New Paradigm for the Sociological Study of Religion in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1044" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,326.38,181.85,6.99;20,263.00,336.36,169.81,6.99;20,263.00,346.34,169.85,6.99;20,263.00,356.27,138.33,6.99" xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organization Size and Failure among Health Maintenance Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Douglas</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Wholey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Christianson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="829" to="871" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,366.24,181.82,6.99;20,263.00,376.22,169.83,6.99;20,263.00,386.15,169.90,6.99;20,263.00,396.12,169.82,6.99;20,263.00,406.10,169.87,6.99;20,263.00,416.08,36.84,6.99" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Excommunication to Nullification: Testing and Extending Religious Competition Theories of Religious Marketing With the Case of Catholic Marital Annulments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melissa</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wilde</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="235" to="284" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,426.00,181.79,6.99;20,263.00,435.98,169.85,6.99;20,263.00,445.96,55.08,6.99" xml:id="b93">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Vatican II: A Sociological Analysis of Religious Change</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,455.94,181.77,6.99;20,263.00,465.86,169.87,6.99;20,263.00,475.84,166.11,6.99" xml:id="b94">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Bank. 1960-present. World Development Indicators Online</title>
		<ptr target="http://devdata.worldbank.org/dataonline/help.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-08-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.04,485.82,181.82,6.99;20,262.99,495.74,169.20,6.99" xml:id="b95">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Restructuring of American Religion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Wuthnow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.03,505.72,181.82,6.99;20,262.99,515.70,169.85,6.99;20,262.99,525.68,54.29,6.99" xml:id="b96">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Rational Choice Theory and Religion: Summary and Assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Routledge Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.03,535.60,181.82,6.99;20,262.99,545.58,169.86,6.99;20,262.99,555.56,137.45,6.99" xml:id="b97">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Heavenly Contract: Ideology and Organization in Pre-Revolutionary Puritanism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Zaret</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,251.03,583.46,181.77,6.99;20,251.03,593.43,181.83,6.99;20,251.03,603.36,181.98,6.99;20,251.03,613.34,181.86,6.99;20,251.03,623.31,181.81,6.99" xml:id="b98">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Wilde is an Associate Professor of Sociology at the University of Pennsylvania. Her research focuses on the processes and factors that direct religious change. Her new project investigates how and why the politics of sex and gender have become the key</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Melissa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
