<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">THE PRAGMATIC AMERICAN: EMPIRICAL REALITY OR METHODOLOGICAL ARTIFACT? *</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher>Unnever and Cullen</publisher>
				<availability status="unknown"><p>Copyright Unnever and Cullen</p>
				</availability>
				<date type="published" when="1997">1997. 2000. 2003. 2012. 1994. 2012. 2013. 2011. 1997. 2010. 2014 195</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cullen</forename><surname>Plegate</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fisher ; Applegate</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">School of Criminal Justice, University at Albany, SUNY</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>135 Western Avenue</addrLine>
									<postCode>12222</postCode>
									<settlement>Albany</settlement>
									<region>NY</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">THE PRAGMATIC AMERICAN: EMPIRICAL REALITY OR METHODOLOGICAL ARTIFACT? *</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">CRIMINOLOGY</title>
						<imprint>
							<publisher>Unnever and Cullen</publisher>
							<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="222"/>
							<date type="published" when="1997">1997. 2000. 2003. 2012. 1994. 2012. 2013. 2011. 1997. 2010. 2014 195</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1111/crim</idno>
					<note>This line of inquiry has been particularly salient be-cause of the documented influence of popular attitudes on criminal justice policy and court decisions (Baumer and Martin, 2013; Brace and Boyea, 2008; Enns, in press; * Additional supporting information can be found in the listing for this article in the Wiley Online Library at Direct correspondence to Justin T. Pickett, The authors are grateful to Shawn Bushway for his assistance with collecting the data, and to Christina Mancini and Christi Metcalfe for their helpful comments on an earlier draft of the manuscript. C 2014 American Society of Criminology</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:12+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>public opinion</term>
					<term>response acquiescence</term>
					<term>crime attributions</term>
					<term>punitiveness</term>
					<term>rehabilitation</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Scholars widely agree that the public is pragmatic about criminal justice. The empirical basis for this conclusion is the failure in several previous studies to find a sizable negative relationship between dispositional and situational crime attributions, or between support for punitive and rehabilitative crime policies. We suggest, however, that public pragmatism may be an artifact of the use of unidirectional question batteries in prior research to measure attribution styles and policy support. When such questions are used, acquiescent responding can introduce systematic error that is positively correlated across items and scales. Drawing on data from an experiment with a national sample (N = 826) of Internet panelists, we examine how this methodological approach impacts the bivariate correlations and multivariate relationships between attribution styles and between support for punitive and rehabilitative crime policies. The findings reveal that using unidirectional sets of questions to measure these concepts likely results in 1) inflated alpha reliability coefficients, 2) an underestimation of the magnitude of the negative relationships between attribution styles and between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation, and 3) an underestimation of the extent to which punitiveness and support for rehabilitation are driven by the same factors, working in opposite directions.</p><p>A substantial and growing body of research has investigated public opinion about the causes of crime and the appropriate criminal justice response to offending (Ap-</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Nicholson-Crotty, Peterson, and <ref type="bibr" coords="2,187.66,60.68,61.35,9.21" target="#b53">Ramirez, 2009</ref>). An important finding has been that members of the public "are profoundly pragmatic when they consider the issue of crime and its control" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.79,84.58,111.15,9.21">(Unnever et al., 2010: 453)</ref>; they attribute crime to both individual failings (dispositional attributions) and environmental influences (situational attributions) and, as a result, simultaneously support punishment and rehabilitation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,345.37,108.49,77.59,9.21" target="#b51">(McCorkle, 1993;</ref>. Thus, in their seminal review of the research, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,391.63,120.45,31.27,9.21;2,40.37,132.41,142.49,9.21">Cullen, Fisher, and Applegate (2002: 60)</ref> concluded that "the central tendency in public opinion is to be punitive and progressive." Likewise, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,245.09,144.36,153.16,9.21">Mascini and Houtman (2006: 832)</ref> have argued that "the habit of conceiving of support for repression and for rehabilitation as diametrically opposed options should have been abandoned long ago."</p><p>The existence of public pragmatism has strong policy implications. Political responsiveness to the interests of a pragmatic public would involve bipartisan efforts to develop a multifaceted and balanced approach to crime control that ensures tough punishments for offenders and provides them with rehabilitative programming. The theoretical implications of public pragmatism are also significant. Evidence of pragmatism suggests that in the popular view, punitiveness and support for rehabilitation are distinct attitudinal phenomena, rather than opposing sides of a single construct . If this is accurate, and punitiveness and support for rehabilitation are not opposites, then they should not simply be related in opposite ways to the same key factors <ref type="bibr" coords="2,366.48,275.87,56.47,9.21;2,40.37,287.82,69.27,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,112.52,287.82,70.97,9.21" target="#b51">McCorkle, 1993)</ref>. A central tenet of the pragmatism thesis, then, is that the two types of policy support are best explained by separate theoretical models <ref type="bibr" coords="2,385.29,299.78,37.63,9.21;2,40.37,311.73,87.46,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.34,311.73,148.36,9.21" target="#b60">Pickett, Mancini, and Mears, 2013)</ref>.</p><p>The concern raised in this article, however, is that the pragmatism identified in prior studies may be an artifact of the methodology typically employed in public opinion research in the field of criminology and criminal justice. Despite the overwhelming evidence of acquiescence in survey responding <ref type="bibr" coords="2,242.33,359.55,72.01,9.21" target="#b46">(Krosnick, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,318.32,359.55,76.31,9.21" target="#b65">Saris et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,398.59,359.55,19.48,9.21;2,40.37,371.51,99.59,9.21" target="#b67">Schuman and Presser, 1981)</ref>, researchers often have constructed measures of key conceptscrime attributions, punitiveness, and support for rehabilitation-from batteries of questions that are unilaterally positive, where a response of "agree," "support," or "yes" indicates the presence of the concept of interest. 1 In these instances, acquiescence-"the tendency to answer items in a positive way regardless of their content" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,371.89,419.33,51.06,9.21;2,40.37,431.28,91.08,9.21">(Billiet and Davidov, 2008: 543)</ref>-can result in systematic measurement error that biases observed scores and relationships by introducing nonsubstantive variation in observations that is positively correlated across items and scales <ref type="bibr" coords="2,236.22,455.19,160.27,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001)</ref>. This finding is important because the strongest evidence of pragmatism has been the absence of a hydraulic relation-a sizeable negative correlation-between either dispositional and situational attributions, or punitiveness and support for rehabilitation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,339.07,491.06,78.67,9.21;2,40.37,503.02,46.58,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref>. Indeed, the absence of this hypothesized negative correlation is the criterion for pragmatism that <ref type="bibr" coords="2,235.20,514.97,114.85,9.21">Unnever et al. (2010: 433)</ref> identified at the outset of their analysis: "[T]he failure to detect a hydraulic relation would suggest that Americans are more centrist and pragmatic in their views on crime and its control."</p><p>In the current study, we evaluate how acquiescence bias may have influenced both the quality of the measures used in prior research and the resultant findings about public pragmatism. Our analyses draw on data from a recent experiment, in which respondents were randomly assigned to receive questionnaires that either did or did not include controls for acquiescence. Before describing our methodology and findings, we first delve more deeply into the potential problems created by response acquiescence, and we discuss how such stylistic responding may have contributed to the finding of public pragmatism in previous studies.</p><p>only <ref type="bibr" coords="4,61.96,60.51,16.60,9.21">-.22</ref>." In multiple-item scales, such as those used to measure crime attributions and views about criminal sanctions, one of the strongest predictors of acquiescence bias is the directional composition of the component items. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,267.30,84.41,155.63,9.21;4,40.37,96.37,18.82,9.21">Baumgartner and Steenkamp (2001: 146)</ref> put it as follows: " <ref type="bibr" coords="4,144.83,96.37,14.39,9.21">[T]</ref>he higher the proportion of positively or negatively worded items, the stronger the effect of acquiescent responding on scale scores should be. If the scale is balanced, . . . adverse effects of acquiescence should be minimized."</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PRIOR RESEARCH ON PUBLIC PRAGMATISM</head><p>Prior studies that assess whether the public is pragmatic in its views about crime and justice have approached the issue in one of two ways. The first is to examine whether a hydraulic relation exists between dispositional and situational crime attributions . According to attribution theory, dispositional attributions-attributing crime to individual failings-should increase perceived offender blameworthiness and incorrigibility and, in turn, foster punitiveness, whereas situational attributions-attributing crime to social or environmental causes-should reduce perceived offender blameworthiness and incorrigibility and, in turn, increase support for rehabilitation <ref type="bibr" coords="4,334.16,251.78,88.77,9.21" target="#b23">(Carroll et al., 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,40.37,263.75,149.82,9.21" target="#b26">Cochran, Boots, and Heide, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,193.89,263.75,123.98,9.21" target="#b37">Grasmick and McGill, 1994)</ref>. Theoretically, individuals should tend to endorse either a dispositional or a situational attribution style-the hydraulic relation hypothesis . In this way, "the punishment-versusrehabilitation debate is a manifestation of the distinction between dispositional and situational attributions of crime" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,168.80,311.56,149.20,9.21">(Grasmick and McGill, 1994: 40-1)</ref>.</p><p>To our knowledge, five previous investigations have provided tests of the hydraulic relation hypothesis as it relates to crime attributions. Consistent with the hypothesis, two studies found negative correlations between attribution styles, although the correlations are not large (r = -.09 and -.26) <ref type="bibr" coords="4,224.61,359.39,146.78,9.21" target="#b54">(Ortet-Fabregat and Pérez, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,375.33,359.39,47.59,9.21;4,40.37,371.34,89.23,9.21" target="#b73">Templeton and Hartnagel, 2012)</ref>. One study yielded mixed results across two samples <ref type="bibr" coords="4,362.02,371.34,60.94,9.21;4,40.37,383.29,21.91,9.21" target="#b23">(Carroll et al., 1987)</ref>. Two studies showed that the two attribution styles are actually positively correlated <ref type="bibr" coords="4,40.37,395.25,125.99,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref>. Four of these five investigations, however, operationalized attribution styles with scales constructed from agree/disagree items that are all positively worded, so that agreeing with the item indicates endorsement of the attribution style. The exception, the study by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,257.77,431.12,141.60,9.21">Ortet-Fabregat and Perez (1992)</ref>, was the one that provided the strongest support for the hydraulic relation hypothesis. Those authors reversed one item that should likely be in a dispositional attribution scale-"If a person commits a crime it is because he/she wants to"-and included it with 8 positively worded items in a situational attribution scale. The dispositional attribution scale in that study, however, was created from 11 items that are all positively worded. Thus, not a single study to date has assessed the relationship between attribution styles after taking sufficient steps to minimize the influence of acquiescence bias on resultant findings.</p><p>The second approach to assessing public pragmatism is to evaluate whether there is a hydraulic relation between support for punitive and rehabilitative crime policies <ref type="bibr" coords="4,40.38,550.67,132.74,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006)</ref>. This evaluation is most commonly done indirectly by simply comparing the survey marginals-the percent of the sample saying "agree," "support," or "yes"-for items measuring views about punishment and rehabilitation (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,83.89,586.53,159.07,9.21">Cullen, Fisher, and Applegate, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,245.92,586.53,71.06,9.21" target="#b51">McCorkle, 1993)</ref>. For example,  showed that 69 percent and 58 percent, respectively, of General Social Survey respondents favor the death penalty and support increasing spending on "drug rehabilitation," broadly defined. This approach to testing the pragmatism thesis is not ideal for two reasons. First, survey marginals can be influenced heavily by acquiescent responding, question wording, and question order <ref type="bibr" coords="5,289.89,84.41,137.27,9.21" target="#b5">(Applegate and Sanborn, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,44.60,96.37,66.91,9.21" target="#b46">Krosnick, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,114.24,96.37,61.97,9.21" target="#b69">Stimson, 1999)</ref>. Second, finding that a majority, or slight majority, of the public generally has at least somewhat favorable attitudes toward punitive and rehabilitative policies does not provide clear evidence of pragmatism. Pragmatism implies that strong support for punitive policies also does not tend to preclude strong support for rehabilitative policies-that is, that there is not a hydraulic relation between such policy views.</p><p>A more direct test of the hydraulic relation hypothesis is achieved by examining the correlation between separate scales measuring support for punitive and rehabilitative policies. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,82.92,180.05,135.14,9.21" target="#b49">Mascini and Houtman's (2006)</ref> well-known study attempted to do this and has commonly been cited as providing definitive evidence of public pragmatism (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,44.60,203.97,150.55,9.21" target="#b60">Pickett, Mancini, and Mears, 2013;</ref>. In that investigation, punitiveness was measured with a 6-item scale, and support for rehabilitation was measured with a 12-item scale. The findings reveal that a very weak and nonsignificant negative correlation (r = -.06) exists between the two types of public views. An earlier study by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,374.52,239.83,52.66,9.21;5,44.60,251.79,71.66,9.21" target="#b48">Mascini and Houtman (2002)</ref> actually found a positive correlation (r = .34) between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation. Accordingly, in the conclusion of their second study, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,393.39,263.75,33.75,9.21;5,44.61,275.70,92.03,9.21" target="#b49">Mascini and Houtman (2006)</ref> argued that they had "established that . . . support for repression and support for rehabilitation are not the opposites they are typically held to be." And they asserted that "our findings cannot simply be done away with as measurement constructs" (2006: 833). However, the measures of policy support in both of <ref type="bibr" coords="5,374.68,311.56,52.48,9.21">Mascini and</ref> Houtman's studies were constructed from agree/disagree items that are all positively worded.</p><p>Contrasting <ref type="bibr" coords="5,163.61,347.43,103.80,9.21">Houtman's (2002, 2006)</ref> findings, studies that have measured support for punishment and rehabilitation with scales that include both positively and negatively worded items often have found larger negative correlations between the constructs: r = -.28 and -.39 <ref type="bibr" coords="5,160.93,383.29,128.06,9.21" target="#b71">(Tam, Au, and Leung, 2008)</ref> and r = -.44 and -.48 <ref type="bibr" coords="5,394.51,383.29,32.66,9.21;5,44.61,395.26,47.41,9.21" target="#b28">(Cullen et al., 1985)</ref>. However, an important limitation of these studies, and of both investigations by Mascini and Houtman, is that they did not actually analyze policy support, which involves support for specific means to achieve social goals <ref type="bibr" coords="5,285.73,419.16,65.45,9.21" target="#b69">(Stimson, 1999)</ref>. Focusing specifically on policy support is important because, in the aggregate (as policy mood), it is the form of public opinion that shapes policy making <ref type="bibr" coords="5,257.79,443.07,66.30,9.21">(Enns, in press;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,326.52,443.07,100.63,9.21;5,44.61,455.03,61.68,9.21" target="#b31">Erikson, Mackuen, and Stimson, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,108.23,455.03,61.18,9.21" target="#b70">Stimson, 2004)</ref>. Policy support also may be more polarized than other types of policy views because supporting a specific policy necessarily entails making an attitudinal commitment, implicitly or explicitly, to allocate finite public resources toward that policy. The previously mentioned studies, however, used measures of support for punishment and rehabilitation that are based in part on respondents' level of agreement with "utility statements" and "goal statements" and, thus, that conflate policy support with other types of policy views.</p><p>Utility statements gauge respondents' judgments about the effectiveness of different policies for reducing crime: "Severe penalties deter potential felons" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,369.87,550.67,57.29,9.21;5,44.61,562.63,90.59,9.21">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006: 827)</ref>; "[p]unishing criminals is the only way to stop them from engaging in more crimes in the future" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,196.58,574.58,107.89,9.21">(Cullen et al., 1985: 316)</ref>; and "[c]apital punishment reduces crime in the long run" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,180.03,586.53,64.37,9.21" target="#b71">(Tam, Au, and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,247.25,586.53,80.17,9.21">Leung, 2008: 1076)</ref>. Utility judgments are not synonymous with policy support, however, because beliefs about whether a policy will prevent recidivism or deter offending are neither the only, nor even necessarily the primary, concerns that drive policy support <ref type="bibr" coords="5,400.60,622.40,26.56,9.21;6,40.37,60.68,45.91,9.21" target="#b56">Payne et al., 2004</ref>; see also <ref type="bibr" coords="6,132.22,60.68,173.95,9.21" target="#b21">Carlsmith, Darley, and Robinson, 2002)</ref>. That is, even if individuals judge a policy to have no crime-prevention value, they may still support it for other reasons, such as a desire for just deserts. For example, recent national polls reveal that although only 32-35 percent of Americans believe the death penalty deters crime, 60-70 percent of citizens nonetheless support the policy (Gallup Report, 2013). Likewise, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,40.37,120.45,188.92,9.21">Applegate, David, and Cullen (2009: 64-5)</ref> found that judgments about whether trying juveniles as adults would lead them to "become productive law-abiding citizens" or to "commit more crime in the future" are only moderately correlated (r ≤ |.21|) with actual support for transfers (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="6,171.28,156.31,143.98,9.21" target="#b35">Garland, Melton, and Hass, 2012)</ref>.</p><p>Goal statements deal with abstract sanctioning philosophies: "Criminals deserve to be punished because they have harmed society" <ref type="bibr" coords="6,262.37,180.23,110.53,9.21">(Cullen et al., 1985: 316)</ref>; "[t]he judiciary should convince criminals that they are drifting astray" <ref type="bibr" coords="6,333.36,192.18,84.38,9.21;6,40.37,204.14,71.83,9.21">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006: 828)</ref>; "[w]e should try to rehabilitate men who have broken the law" <ref type="bibr" coords="6,40.37,216.09,121.22,9.21">(Applegate et al., 2000: 752)</ref>; and "[c]riminals should be punished to make the criminals pay for their crimes" <ref type="bibr" coords="6,134.07,228.04,64.63,9.21" target="#b71">(Tam, Au, and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,201.65,228.04,80.40,9.21">Leung, 2008: 1076)</ref>. Using such statements to measure policy support is problematic for two reasons. First, punishment philosophies are weak predictors of policy support <ref type="bibr" coords="6,186.97,251.96,158.61,9.21" target="#b4">(Applegate, Davis, and Cullen, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,348.02,251.96,74.92,9.21;6,40.37,263.92,69.60,9.21" target="#b35">Garland, Melton, and Hass, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,113.80,263.92,109.99,9.21" target="#b79">Warr and Stafford, 1984)</ref>. Second, abstract beliefs in punishment and rehabilitation are largely irrelevant to practical policy debates. As Stimson (1999: 7) explained, "a defining characteristic of the political issue . . . is that we must be able to imagine reasonable people advocating either side. Thus education spending is an issue; reasonable people want more or less of it. 'Education,' though, is not an issue; virtually no one opposes it." Likewise, the key issues are not "punishment" and "rehabilitation" per se, but whether to increase or decrease the harshness of punishments and whether to expand or reduce rehabilitative programming.</p><p>Two recent studies by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,149.05,359.55,49.44,9.21" target="#b82">Pickett and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,201.44,359.55,96.08,9.21">colleagues (2013, 2014</ref>) measured punitiveness and support for rehabilitation with scales derived exclusively from questions asking about policy support. However, the policy support questions used in both studies were all positively worded, and neither study took any steps to control for acquiescence bias. Nonetheless, both studies revealed a significant negative correlation (r = -.23, and r = -.24, respectively) between the scales. In short, then, there is no existing research that has exclusively measured policy support and also done so using both positively and negatively worded questions. The findings from prior studies that have adopted at least one of these two methodological approaches tend to be supportive of the hydraulic relation hypothesis. On the other hand, the investigations that have adopted neither approach generally provide no support for the hypothesis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CURRENT STUDY</head><p>In the remainder of this study, we focus on empirically testing the argument that using agree/disagree or support/oppose scales to test the hydraulic relation hypothesis, either in relation to crime attributions or views about punitive and rehabilitative policies, without first controlling for acquiescent responding is problematic. Importantly, our analyses include measures of punitiveness and support for rehabilitation that focus specifically on policy support rather than on policy goals or utility judgments. To test the preceding argument, we evaluate three specific hypotheses. In developing these hypotheses, we build on prior theoretical and empirical work on survey response that suggests that when unilaterally positive items are used to measure constructs, acquiescent responding may introduce systematic measurement error that is positively correlated across items and scales. 2 Hypothesis 1: The use of unilaterally positive items to measure crime attributions and policy support will lead to an overestimation of the reliability of the resulting scales. Testing this hypothesis is important because the quality of measures used to operationalize theoretical constructs constrains the meaningfulness of results and the validity of associated theoretical conclusions. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,326.38,158.14,88.83,9.21;7,56.56,170.09,49.56,9.21">Billiet and Davidov (2008: 545)</ref> explained that the positively correlated bias introduced by acquiescent responding may "artificially inflate the alpha reliability coefficients." This observation is notable because even with the use of unilaterally positive items, prior studies have commonly reported relatively low alpha coefficients for crime attribution scales-.34, .57, and .62 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,218.08,217.92,90.86,9.21" target="#b23">(Carroll et al., 1987)</ref>; .58 and .63 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,371.73,217.92,43.45,9.21;7,56.56,229.87,105.12,9.21" target="#b26">(Cochran, Boots, and Heide, 2003;</ref>; .42 and .65 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,313.89,229.87,101.32,9.21;7,56.56,241.82,21.90,9.21" target="#b37">(Grasmick and McGill, 1994)</ref>; and .66 and .71 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,154.19,241.82,144.24,9.21" target="#b73">(Templeton and Hartnagel, 2012)</ref>. 3 It is probable, then, that these scales would have had lower internal consistencies if acquiescence bias were controlled.</p><p>Hypothesis 2: The use of unilaterally positive items to measure crime attributions and policy support will lead to an underestimation of the size of the hydraulic relation between dispositional and situational attribution styles, and between support for punitive and rehabilitative policies. Specifically, when such items are used, even if the negative relationships that are predicted by the hydraulic relation hypothesis are present, they may be smaller in magnitude or even positive in sign due to acquiescence bias, which should be positively correlated across scales <ref type="bibr" coords="7,280.29,354.40,134.88,9.21;7,56.56,366.35,22.41,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,81.48,366.35,58.43,9.21" target="#b62">Russell, 1979)</ref>.</p><p>Hypothesis 3: Once acquiescence bias is minimized, the effects of attribution styles on both punitiveness and support for rehabilitation will be similar, although in the opposite directions. Examining the correlates of policy support provides for a more complete test of the pragmatism thesis. Recall that the pragmatism thesis suggests that punitiveness and support for rehabilitation are not opposites and, thus, should not simply be related in opposite ways to the same factors <ref type="bibr" coords="7,311.86,443.07,103.35,9.21;7,56.56,455.02,21.90,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006)</ref>. However, if policy support is ideological rather than pragmatic, then the two types of policy support should largely be opposite sides of the same coin, and the same factors, working in opposite directions, should drive both. For example, supporting the pragmatism thesis, previous studies often have found that whereas situational attributions are positively related to support for rehabilitation, they are either not correlated with, or are positively correlated with, punitiveness <ref type="bibr" coords="7,352.27,514.80,62.94,9.21;7,56.56,526.75,22.40,9.21" target="#b23">(Carroll et al., 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,81.79,526.75,124.64,9.21" target="#b49">Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref>. This finding runs counter 2. It bears emphasizing that the use of unilaterally negative items would pose similar problems. 3. Indeed, to our knowledge, the only crime attribution scales that have achieved relatively high alphas (e.g., alpha = .76 to .80) have been those constructed from a large number (e.g., 7 to 11) of survey items (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,153.57,591.55,105.77,7.82" target="#b49">Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,261.69,591.55,118.05,7.82">Ortet-Fabregat and Perez, 1992)</ref>. This observation is noteworthy because, as <ref type="bibr" coords="7,193.72,601.51,72.70,7.82">Cortina (1993: 102)</ref> has explained, the "number of items [in a scale] has a profound effect on alpha, especially at low levels of average item intercorrelation."</p><p>to the predictions of attribution theory. We believe that it reflects the contaminating influence of acquiescence bias on findings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHODS</head><p>To test our hypotheses, we conducted an experiment in the summer of 2013 with a national sample of 826 adults (18 years of age and older) who were randomly selected from SurveyMonkey's online Audience panel. At the time of the experiment, more than 400,000 individuals, including residents of all 50 U.S. states, were members of the Audience panel. Membership in the panel simply entails volunteering to complete surveys on a periodic basis in exchange for a small donation to charity and the potential to win $100 in weekly drawings. SurveyMonkey recruits most members of the panel from a pool of more than 30 million persons who participate in surveys every month on the website at the request of individual SurveyMonkey customers. For our experiment, 2,770 randomly selected panelists were invited to participate in the project, of which 867 began the survey and 826 completed the questionnaire. This yielded an overall participation rate of 30 percent and a completion rate of 95 percent.</p><p>To be clear, the purpose of this study is not to produce precise estimates of population values. Rather, we focus on testing the effects of alternative methodological approaches experimentally. Such research does not require an analysis of data from a probability sample of all Americans. As the American Association of Public Opinion Research's (AA-POR) recent report on online panels emphasized, "there are times when a nonprobability online panel is an appropriate choice" <ref type="bibr" coords="8,209.53,323.52,102.57,9.21">(Baker et al., 2010: 758)</ref>. In particular, the report explained that "nonprobability online panels . . . have proven to be a valuable resource for methodological research of all kinds" (2010: 759). Mounting evidence also suggests that studies using data from volunteer Internet surveys yield experimental findings (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,60.32,371.34,120.76,9.21" target="#b81">Yeager and Krosnick, 2012)</ref> and relational inferences <ref type="bibr" coords="8,293.02,371.34,129.90,9.21;8,40.37,383.29,36.30,9.21">(Ansolabehere and Schaffner, in press;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,80.03,383.29,87.83,9.21" target="#b12">Berrens et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,171.25,383.29,58.14,9.21" target="#b13">Bhutta, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,232.77,383.29,89.24,9.21" target="#b64">Sanders et al., 2007)</ref> that parallel those obtained from representative samples of the general population.</p><p>In the experiment, one randomly selected group of respondents received unidirectional batteries of questions-all positively worded-about crime attributions and policy support. This method creates the greatest potential for acquiescence bias to affect any resultant findings, but it is nonetheless the typical approach used in studies of public opinion on crime and justice. To examine the consequences of using this method, we had a second randomly selected group of respondents complete bidirectional sets of questions, in which several items were positively worded and several were negatively worded. Varying the direction of questions is a common method for controlling for acquiescence bias that has been implemented in other fields for decades <ref type="bibr" coords="8,242.02,502.85,57.41,9.21" target="#b18">(Block, 1965;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,302.63,502.85,115.90,9.21" target="#b25">Cloud and Vaughan, 1970)</ref>. Although the method has limits (see <ref type="bibr" coords="8,199.59,514.80,66.15,9.21" target="#b46">Krosnick, 1999)</ref>, which we discuss in the conclusion, its benefit is that it prevents respondents from obtaining high scores on resultant scales simply by engaging in acquiescent responding <ref type="bibr" coords="8,242.00,538.72,159.24,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001)</ref>. Although ideally the bidirectional sets of questions used to construct scales would be perfectly balanced, including an equal number of positively and negatively worded items, any degree of balancing will help to reduce the contaminating influence of acquiescence bias <ref type="bibr" coords="8,40.37,586.53,158.09,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="8,50.34,598.49,31.87,9.21" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> displays the descriptive statistics for the two randomized groups of respondents. It is clear that both of these groups differ demographically from the U.S. population. For ABBREVIATIONS: Diff. = difference between means or proportions; p = two-tailed p value; SD = standard deviation; t/z = t statistic (for test of the equality of means) or z statistic (for test of the equality of proportions).</p><p>example, in both groups, non-Whites and persons without a college degree are underrepresented, which is normal in Internet surveys <ref type="bibr" coords="9,259.14,345.17,82.65,9.21" target="#b6">(Baker et al., 2010)</ref>. For our purposes, however, what is most important is that when compared with each other, the demographic and attitudinal characteristics of the respondents in the two groups do not differ beyond what would be expected on the basis of random sampling error. This result indicates that randomization was successful.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MEASURES OF ATTRIBUTION STYLES AND POLICY SUPPORT</head><p>Following previous studies, we measured respondents' attribution styles using a series of agree/disagree items (1 = strongly disagree, 6 = strongly agree) that gauged endorsement of dispositional and situational attributions for criminal offending. Five survey items tapped dispositional attributions, and six items assessed situational attributions. <ref type="table" coords="9,394.25,470.96,32.89,9.21" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> displays these items. The included items, in their positively worded form, closely parallel those used in previous studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="9,202.02,494.87,81.03,9.21" target="#b28">Cullen et al., 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,286.02,494.87,141.11,9.21" target="#b73">Templeton and Hartnagel, 2012;</ref>. To generate bidirectional sets of questions, we reversed the direction of two of the dispositional items and four of the situational items. Several considerations needed to be taken into account in developing the reversals of the positive items (see <ref type="bibr" coords="9,64.85,542.70,119.48,9.21" target="#b67">Schuman and Presser, 1981)</ref>. Most importantly, the new negative items could not be created by simply inserting the word "not" into the positive statements, and they had to be as extreme as the original items <ref type="bibr" coords="9,198.99,566.61,144.42,9.21">(Krosnick and Presser, 2010: 277)</ref>. We accomplished this by changing a single word in the attribution items; whereas the positive items began with the word "most," the negative items instead began with the word "few" (see <ref type="table" coords="9,392.08,590.52,27.56,9.21" target="#tab_1">table 2</ref>).</p><p>In the case of respondents who received unidirectional questions, we created the Dispositional attributions scale by averaging across responses to the five dispositional items, 4. Few offenders commit crimes simply because they are selfish people. 5. Most offenders commit crimes because they are just too lazy to get a job to earn money.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">Unchanged.</head><p>Situational Attributions 1. Most offenders commit crimes because of outside influences (e.g., peer pressure, money problems, etc.).</p><p>1. Few offenders commit crimes because of outside influences (e.g., peer pressure, money problems, etc.). 2. Most offenders commit crimes because our society offers them little opportunity to get a job and make money.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Unchanged.</head><p>3. Most offenders commit crimes as a way of coping with poor living conditions (e.g., extreme poverty, violence in the home, marital problems, etc.).</p><p>3. Few offenders commit crimes as a way of coping with poor living conditions (e.g., extreme poverty, violence in the home, marital problems, etc.). 4. Most offenders commit crimes in response to inequality or social injustice.</p><p>4. Few offenders commit crimes in response to inequality or social injustice. 5. Most offenders commit crimes because their home lives as children were lacking in love, discipline, and supervision.</p><p>5. Unchanged.</p><p>6. Most offenders commit crimes because they were abused as children.</p><p>6. Few offenders commit crimes because they were abused as children. NOTES: The specific question stem was as follows: "Now thinking about the CAUSES OF CRIME in this country, how much do you disagree or agree with each of the following statements?" and we created the Situational attributions scale by averaging responses to the six situational items. We used the same approach for the respondents who received bidirectional questions, but before doing so, we reverse coded the responses to the negative items. Because our first hypothesis pertains to the effect of acquiescence on alpha coefficients, we wait to discuss the reliability of all of the scales used in this study in the Findings section.</p><p>We used 13 questions to measure respondents' support for specific crime policies. Six items gauged support for punitive policies, such as the death penalty, mandatory minimum sentences, and juvenile transfers. Seven items tapped support for rehabilitative policies, such as expanding educational and vocational programs in prison. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,365.43,507.28,3.49,6.44">4</ref> To increase comparability, the punishment items generally focused on serious offenders and the rehabilitation items pertained to incarcerated offenders. Our focus on serious crime, however, should have no influence on the experimental effect of manipulating the direction of the items. The response options ranged from 1 = strongly oppose to 6 = strongly support. 5. Unchanged.</p><p>6. Expanding drug treatment services for offenders in prison.</p><p>6. Reducing drug treatment services for offenders in prison. 7. Helping offenders released from prison find jobs. 7. Unchanged.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>NOTES:</head><p>The specific question stem was as follows: "How much do you oppose or support each of these proposed crime policies?"</p><p>All of the items are shown in table 3. Similar to our approach with the attribution questions, we generated a bidirectional set of policy support items by changing a single word in roughly half of the punitive and rehabilitation items. In two punitive items, we changed the word "increasing" to "reducing," and in a third punitive item, we replaced the word "more" with "fewer." In three rehabilitation items, we simply switched the word "expanding" to "reducing." This approach reversed the direction of the statements from positive to negative but kept them as extreme as the originals. For the unidirectional group, we averaged the responses to the punitive items to create a Punitiveness scale, and we averaged responses to the rehabilitation items to create a Rehabilitation scale. For the bidirectional group, we first reverse coded the negative items and then averaged responses to create the respective scales.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RACIAL RESENTMENT</head><p>In the analyses, we include a measure of racial resentment as a potential mediator between attribution styles and policy support. Racial resentment, or symbolic racism, is a modern form of racism centered on a denial of the contemporary existence and effects of racial discrimination <ref type="bibr" coords="11,148.32,586.53,118.71,9.21" target="#b43">(Kinder and Sanders, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,270.07,586.53,100.46,9.21" target="#b66">Sears and Henry, 2003)</ref>. It is among the strongest predictors of public views about crime policies <ref type="bibr" coords="11,307.61,598.49,119.57,9.21" target="#b57">(Pickett and Chiricos, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,44.61,610.44,148.13,9.21" target="#b78">Unnever, Cullen, and Jones, 2008;</ref>. Extant theory and research has suggested that crime attributions should influence levels of racial resentment, which in turn should impact support for crime policies <ref type="bibr" coords="12,235.06,72.46,119.58,9.21" target="#b71">(Tam, Au, and Leung, 2008)</ref>. Specifically, in the public mind, criminal offenders often are typified as being Black, and crime is understood to be a racial issue . 5 It is therefore likely that for many Americans, causal attributions for crime largely amount to causal attributions for Black crime and, thus, constitute a form of what <ref type="bibr" coords="12,303.20,120.28,119.73,9.21">Sears and Henry (2003: 272)</ref> termed "racialized individualism," which involves the "concern that Blacks do not live up to conventional individualistic values." <ref type="bibr" coords="12,209.27,144.19,101.57,9.21" target="#b66">Sears and Henry (2003)</ref> theorized and empirically demonstrated that racialized individualism is a strong predictor of racial resentment, and its effect on policy support is largely mediated by racial resentment (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="12,373.74,168.10,49.16,9.21;12,40.38,180.05,50.74,9.21" target="#b20">Brandt and Reyna, 2012</ref>).</p><p>In the current study, Racial resentment is measured with responses (1 = strongly disagree, 6 = strongly agree) to five items from <ref type="bibr" coords="12,235.72,203.97,109.69,9.21" target="#b40">Henry and Sears's (2002)</ref> Symbolic Racism 2000 scale. In the questionnaire, these items were placed several pages after the questions asking about policy support and crime attributions. The exact wording of the items is provided in appendix A. All items have been used in previous studies to measure racial resentment (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="12,133.91,251.78,114.58,9.21" target="#b57">Pickett and Chiricos, 2012;</ref>. The battery of racial resentment questions was bidirectional in both groups. Thus, before averaging across the items, we recoded responses so that higher values indicated greater racism.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONTROL VARIABLES</head><p>In the multivariate models, we include several controls to account for the slight demographic differences across the two groups and to minimize omitted variable bias. All controls are measured identically in both the unidirectional and bidirectional groups. The control variables are described in detail in appendix A. Here, we note simply that we include controls for the key factors known to influence views about crime and justice (see <ref type="bibr" coords="12,40.38,377.15,99.27,9.21" target="#b3">Applegate et al., 2000;</ref>, such as Perceived risk of victimization, Perceived crime trend, News consumption, Conservatism, and Religiosity. We also control for respondents' experience with prior Family victimization, Education, gender (female = 1), race (White = 1), and Age in years.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ANALYTIC STRATEGY</head><p>Our analyses unfold in several stages. In the initial stages, we evaluate differences in alpha coefficients and bivariate correlations across the two groups of respondents. In the later stages, we estimate a series of multivariate models predicting attribution styles and policy support. These outcome variables are continuous measures. For this reason, we use ordinary least squares (OLS) regression to estimate the models. Cases with missing values are dropped from the analyses using listwise deletion. Multicollinearity is not an issue in the models-the variance inflation factors do not exceed 2.00. For each model, we conducted White's general test for heteroskedasticity. In several cases, the test was significant. Accordingly, we estimate all models using robust standard errors.</p><p>When comparing the multivariate effects of different variables within the same group of respondents, we examine the standardized coefficients. However, to compare the 5. As <ref type="bibr" coords="12,77.97,601.51,146.12,7.82">Unnever, Cullen, and Jones (2008: 25)</ref> have explained, when many Americans think about crime, "the mental image that they have . . . is that of a menacing African American male." multivariate results between the groups, we evaluate differences in the unstandardized coefficients. This is the most appropriate approach for two reasons. First, all variables are measured on the same numerical scales in both groups. Second, the standardized coefficients for the two groups are not comparable <ref type="bibr" coords="13,243.55,96.37,100.51,9.21" target="#b42">(Kim and Ferree, 1981)</ref>. As <ref type="bibr" coords="13,366.40,96.37,60.74,9.21;13,44.60,108.32,18.81,9.21">Allison (1999: 191)</ref> has explained, "the well-known problem of comparing standardized coefficients for linear models across groups . . .</p><p>[is] that such comparisons are potentially invalidated by differences in the standard deviations across groups." 6 It bears noting, however, that despite this issue, identical conclusions are reached in our experiment regardless of whether one compares the standardized or unstandardized coefficients.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FINDINGS</head><p>We open our analyses by investigating whether using unilaterally positive items to measure crime attributions and policy support may artificially inflate the alpha reliability coefficients of resultant scales. <ref type="table" coords="13,158.61,227.70,32.18,9.21" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> displays the Cronbach's alpha coefficients for all scales in this study. Observe first that the alpha coefficients for the Racial resentment and Perceived risk scales, which are measured identically for both groups of respondents, do not vary in a consistent or substantial way. By contrast, and consistent with our first hypothesis, the alpha coefficients for the scales measuring attribution styles and policy support are consistently lower in the bidirectional group, where steps were taken to minimize the effects of acquiescence bias. Indeed, in the bidirectional group, the alpha coefficients for attribution scales are so low (alpha = .52 and .44) as to raise questions about whether these scales have acceptable internal consistencies for use in research. It bears emphasizing that these lower alphas were obtained simply by reversing the direction of a subset of the attribution items, so that respondents had to agree with one item and disagree with another to endorse a particular attribution style. The results conform exactly to what should be observed if the high alphas in the unidirectional group were a function of acquiescence bias.</p><p>The next portion of the analyses explores how acquiescence bias may influence conclusions about the hydraulic relation hypothesis. We first examine the bivariate correlations (not shown) between attribution styles and between Punitiveness and support for Rehabilitation. In the unidirectional group, the correlation between dispositional and situational attributions is -.17, and the correlation between the two types of policy support is -.38. The magnitude of these negative correlations may be deflated by the presence of positively-correlated measurement error introduced by acquiescent responding. Even still, these negative correlations provide some support for the hydraulic relation hypothesis. In the bidirectional group, however, where the effects of acquiescence bias are minimized, support for the hypothesis is considerably stronger. Among the respondents in this group, the respective correlations are -.33 and -.52. In the case of both attribution styles and policy support, the correlations are significantly different across the two groups of respondents (z = 2.267, p = .023; and z = 2.502, p = .012, respectively). Thus, operationalizing these constructs with bidirectional rather than unidirectional sets of questions substantially and significantly increases the size of the hydraulic relation between the respective attitudinal phenomena. 6. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,68.52,601.51,74.38,7.82">Williams (2009: 534)</ref> put it simply: "In OLS . . . if variances differ across groups, the standardization will also differ across groups, which makes [standardized] coefficients noncomparable." To supplement the bivariate analysis, we assess the multivariate relationships between the two attribution styles and between the two types of policy support. <ref type="table" coords="14,352.67,353.57,32.93,9.21" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref> displays the results of regressing Situational attributions on Dispositional attributions and the controls. <ref type="table" coords="14,66.04,377.49,33.71,9.21" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref> presents the results of regressing Punitiveness on Rehabilitation and the controls. 7 An inspection of table 4 reveals that the two attribution styles are not significantly related in the unidirectional group. In the bidirectional group, however, the effect of Dispositional attributions on Situational attributions is highly significant (p = .001), and the coefficient is nearly twice as large as that for the unidirectional group (b = -.171 vs. -.087, respectively). Similar results emerge for the relationship between the two types of policy support <ref type="table" coords="14,185.04,449.22,37.01,9.21" target="#tab_4">(table 5)</ref>. To be clear, a significant hydraulic relation exists between Rehabilitation and Punitiveness in both groups, which likely reflects the fact that our measures focus specifically on policy support rather than on policy goals or utility judgments. However, the magnitude of the relationship is more than 50 percent larger in the bidirectional group than in the unidirectional group (b = -.405 vs. -.268, respectively).</p><p>It should be noted that when the <ref type="bibr" coords="14,212.60,520.95,112.26,9.21" target="#b55">Paternoster et al. (1998)</ref> test is used to evaluate the differences across the experimental groups in the regression coefficients for attribution styles and for policy support, these differences do not reach the 7. For the models shown in tables 4 and 5, it was an arbitrary decision as to which of the attribution scales and which of the policy support scales to treat as the outcome variables. Importantly, the results are unchanged if the Dispositional attributions and Rehabilitation scales are instead taken as the outcome variables. conventional threshold for significance (z = 1.14, p = .254 and z = 1.56, p = .119, respectively). Nonetheless, as noted above, the respective bivariate correlations differ significantly across the groups. In addition, the differences in the regression coefficients are both in the hypothesized direction and sizable, and the multivariate hydraulic relation between attribution styles is significant only in the bidirectional group. Taken together, then, we believe the results provide clear support for our second hypothesis. The evidence presented thus far tells a consistent story. It suggests that when unidirectional batteries of questions are used to measure crime attributions and policy support, acquiescence bias artificially inflates alpha coefficients and artificially deflates the hydraulic relations between attribution styles and between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation. Attention now turns to an important unanswered question: Does the use of such questions also distort conclusions about the theoretical correlates of policy support? The findings presented in tables 6 and 7 suggest that the answer to this question is likely "yes." <ref type="table" coords="15,100.80,502.85,32.94,9.21" target="#tab_5">Table 6</ref> displays the results of regressing Punitiveness on attribution styles, racial resentment, and the controls. <ref type="table" coords="15,199.44,514.80,32.42,9.21">Table 7</ref> shows the comparable results for support for Rehabilitation.</p><p>We focus initially on the effects of attributions styles on policy support, net of the controls, and then subsequently we evaluate whether these effects are mediated by Racial resentment. Looking first at the results for Punitiveness <ref type="table" coords="15,288.01,562.63,36.22,9.21" target="#tab_5">(table 6)</ref>, an inspection of models 1 and 3 reveals that for both groups of respondents, a large positive relationship exists between Dispositional attributions and Punitiveness. Notice, however, that among respondents in the unidirectional sample, there is not a significant negative relationship between Situational attributions and Punitiveness. This finding runs counter to the   predictions of attribution theory but is consistent with the results obtained in several previous studies <ref type="bibr" coords="18,100.03,72.46,88.89,9.21" target="#b23">(Carroll et al., 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,192.47,72.46,126.83,9.21" target="#b49">Mascini and Houtman, 2006;</ref>. 8 By contrast, and although the respective coefficients do not differ significantly across the experimental groups (z = 1.53, p = . 126), the results for the bidirectional sample provide a much different picture. In the bidirectional sample, the effect of Situational attributions on Punitiveness is highly significant (p = .001) and is more than twice as large as that for the unidirectional sample (b = -.234 vs. -.085, respectively). In addition, the bivariate correlations (not shown) between these two variables differ significantly across the groups (r = -.411 vs. -.203, respectively, z = 3.20, p = .001). Thus, the results obtained after taking steps to control acquiescence bias are more supportive of attribution theory.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Table 7. Regression Models Predicting Support for Rehabilitation with Attribution Styles and Racial</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Resentment</head><p>The differences between the two groups in the effects of attribution styles on support for Rehabilitation are less pronounced (models 1 and 3 in table 7). Among both groups, the endorsement of Dispositional attributions is negatively associated with support for Rehabilitation, and the endorsement of Situational attributions is positively associated with support for Rehabilitation. The negative relationship between Dispositional attributions and Rehabilitation is slightly larger for the bidirectional group than for the unidirectional group. This finding is consistent with the idea that uncontrolled acquiescence bias may artificially reduce the magnitude of negative relationships. However, there is another more notable difference between the two groups. In the unidirectional group, only three of the seven factors that predict support for Rehabilitation-Dispositional attributions, Conservatism, and Education-also are associated with Punitiveness (see model 1 in tables 6 and 7). By contrast, for the bidirectional group, the same four variables-Dispositional attributions, Situational attributions, Perceived crime trend, and Conservatism-are associated, in opposite directions, with support for Rehabilitation and Punitiveness (see model 3 in tables 6 and 7). Stated differently, when bidirectional questions are used to construct the scales, the two types of policy support have similar, but reversed, relational properties.</p><p>The final portion of the analyses evaluates the question of whether acquiescence bias influences the extent to which Racial resentment mediates the effects of attribution styles on policy support. As an initial step, we estimate preliminary models (not shown) that examine whether crime attributions are correlated with racial resentment. For both groups of respondents, the two attribution scales strongly predict Racial resentment; indeed, their standardized effects are larger than that of any other variable examined except Conservatism. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,70.54,465.43,3.49,6.44">9</ref> The endorsement of Dispositional attributions is associated with increased Racial Resentment, whereas the endorsement of Situational attributions is associated with lower levels of Racial resentment.</p><p>Having determined that crime attributions are associated with Racial resentment, we now investigate whether the effects of the former on policy support are mediated by the 8. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,64.29,570.62,94.60,7.82">Unnever et al. (2010: 446)</ref> found a significant positive relationship between situational attributions and punitiveness. 9. Our reliance on cross-sectional data prevents us from empirically establishing the causal order of the relationship between crime attributions and racial resentment. We thus draw on extant theory to make causal-order assumptions.</p><p>latter. Models 2 and 4 in tables 6 and 7 display the relevant regression results. The findings are summarized easily. In the bidirectional group, Racial resentment is the strongest predictor of both Punitiveness and support for Rehabilitation, and it mediates a sizeable proportion of the effects of both attribution styles on both outcome variables. Specifically, in the bidirectional group, Racial resentment mediates 24 percent (Sobel test: This is not the case for the unidirectional group. Indeed, the findings for the respondents in this group are dramatically different than those for the bidirectional group. In this group, Racial resentment is positively associated with Punitiveness and mediates roughly 17 percent (Sobel test: b = .089, z = 3.961, p &lt; .001) of the effect of Dispositional attributions on this outcome variable, but the Dispositional attributions scale remains the strongest predictor of punitive attitudes. As before, the Situational attributions variable is not associated with Punitiveness. What is most striking, however, is that in this group, Racial resentment is not related significantly to support for Rehabilitation, net of attribution styles and the controls. In the unidirectional group, then, neither Situational attributions nor Racial resentment is associated in a similar way with both Punitiveness and support for Rehabilitation. Additionally, the coefficients for the effect of Racial resentment on support for Rehabilitation differ significantly (z = 2.280, p = .023) across the experimental groups.</p><p>In short, measuring crime attributions and policy support with bidirectional rather than with unidirectional batteries of questions yields a pattern of multivariate relationships that is less supportive of the pragmatism thesis. Specifically, the pragmatism thesis argues that rather than constituting converses of each other, punitiveness and support for rehabilitation are independent attitudinal phenomena with distinct relational properties <ref type="bibr" coords="19,44.60,419.16,130.77,9.21" target="#b49">(Mascini and Houtman, 2006)</ref>. Contrasting this argument, the results show that in the bidirectional group, racial animus, stemming in part from crime attributions, is the principal determinant of views about both punitive policies and rehabilitative programs. It is not in the unidirectional group. Taken together, the multivariate findings provide strong support for our third hypothesis. 12 10. In supplementary analyses (available in the online supporting information; see footnote 11), we used structural equation models to confirm that attribution styles have significant indirect effects on policy support through racial resentment. 11. Additional supporting information can be found in the listing for this article in the Wiley Online Library at http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/crim.2011.52.issue-2/issuetoc. 12. The effects of several of the control variables, including Conservatism and Education, on Punitiveness in table 6, and on support for Rehabilitation in table 7, differ in magnitude and significance across the experimental groups. It is possible that these differences reflect either the effect of a given variable on the tendency to respond acquiescently to questions about crime and justice or the influence of acquiescence bias on patterns of mediation. However, none of these differences are significant, nor were they hypothesized a priori; thus, we suggest caution when interpreting them.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION</head><p>Several previous studies have failed to find a hydraulic relation-a sizable negative correlation-between dispositional and situational attributions, or between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation. On the basis of those studies, scholars have largely dismissed the hydraulic relation hypothesis <ref type="bibr" coords="20,378.95,117.43,44.00,9.21;20,40.37,129.38,47.39,9.21">Houtman, 2002, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,90.35,129.38,71.17,9.21" target="#b51">McCorkle, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,164.11,129.38,150.53,9.21" target="#b60">Pickett, Mancini, and Mears, 2013)</ref> and have concluded that "most Americans . . . are pragmatic in their approach to crime control" <ref type="bibr" coords="20,354.10,141.34,68.86,9.21;20,40.37,153.30,46.70,9.21">(Unnever et al., 2010: 449)</ref>-to them, "the idea of punishment versus rehabilitation is a false dichotomy" <ref type="bibr" coords="20,40.37,165.26,84.73,9.21">(Bishop, 2006: 657)</ref>. Our results suggest that it is premature to draw this conclusion. Specifically, the findings indicate that the failure in prior studies to account for acquiescent responding makes it difficult to determine whether extant research findings present an accurate picture of popular sentiments.</p><p>To reiterate, most previous studies have used sets of Likert questions that are all positively worded to measure crime attributions and policy support. This measurement approach, however, allows respondents to obtain high values on survey items and resulting scales simply by adopting an acquiescence response style, in which they answer questions affirmatively regardless of content <ref type="bibr" coords="20,213.54,260.89,69.99,9.21" target="#b46">(Krosnick, 1999)</ref>. Our findings suggest that using this measurement approach results in 1) consistently inflated alpha coefficients for scales measuring crime attributions and policy support; 2) consistently deflated hydraulic relations between attribution styles, and between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation; and 3) inconsistent correlations among attribution styles, racial resentment, and policy support.</p><p>Our findings have important theoretical and empirical implications. First, the results show that when scales are measured with bidirectional sets of questions, which is an approach that reduces the influence of acquiescence bias on findings, the hydraulic relation hypothesis is consistently supported, and thus, there is little evidence of pragmatism. This is not the case in the unidirectional group. Among these respondents, we find no relationship between attribution styles, net of the controls, and a weaker hydraulic relation between punitiveness and support for rehabilitation than in the bidirectional group.</p><p>In contrast to the pragmatism thesis, the results also show that when bidirectional question batteries are used, punitiveness and support for rehabilitation have similar, but reversed, relational properties. For example, in the bidirectional group, there is consistent support for attribution theory across both types of policy support-dispositional attributions are positively related to punitiveness and negatively related to support for rehabilitation, whereas situational attributions are negatively related to punitiveness and positively related to support for rehabilitation. This does not occur in the unidirectional group, where situational attributions do not have the hypothesized effect on punitiveness. Likewise, in the bidirectional group, we find consistent support for <ref type="bibr" coords="20,341.81,511.96,81.11,9.21;20,40.37,523.91,27.67,9.21" target="#b66">Sears and Henry's (2003)</ref> theory of racialized individualism. Those authors theorized that the effects of racialized individualism on policy views should be mediated in part by racial resentment. Assuming, as we do, that crime attributions tap a dimension of racialized individualism, this is exactly what occurs in the bidirectional group for both types of policy support. Specifically, among these respondents, crime attributions strongly predict racial resentment, and racial resentment, in turn, partially mediates the effects of attribution styles on both punitiveness and support for rehabilitation. The results are much different in the unidirectional group, where racial resentment is not significantly related to support for rehabilitation, net of attribution styles and the controls.</p><p>Note that in the bidirectional group, but not in the unidirectional group, we find that racial resentment is the strongest predictor of both punitiveness and support for rehabilitation. This finding is consistent with those emerging in prior studies that use forced-choice questions, which reduce acquiescent responding, to gauge policy support <ref type="bibr" coords="21,168.98,132.24,149.32,9.21" target="#b78">Unnever, Cullen, and Jones, 2008)</ref>. This increases our confidence that in our experiment, we obtained more valid findings when using bidirectional rather than unidirectional batteries of questions to measure attribution styles and policy support.</p><p>A key empirical implication flowing from our findings is that researchers examining attribution styles and policy support should take steps to minimize the effects of acquiescence bias on results. Recall that the strongest predictor of the effect of acquiescent responding on scale scores is the degree to which scales are unbalanced <ref type="bibr" coords="21,44.60,227.88,161.88,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001)</ref>. Thus, a simple way to reduce acquiescence bias is to use bidirectional sets of questions to construct scales, as we do in the current study. One limitation of the method, however, is that it does not remove acquiescent responses; rather, it merely moves them to the middle of scales, where they have less influence on findings <ref type="bibr" coords="21,96.34,275.70,125.49,9.21" target="#b47">(Krosnick and Presser, 2010)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="21,226.20,274.14,6.97,6.44">13</ref> An alternative approach can be used when surveys contain several batteries of questions measuring unrelated constructs. Here, researchers can construct an indicator of the extent to which respondents answer affirmatively across heterogeneous items. This measure can then be used to remove (through residualization) the variance in substantive scales that results from acquiescent responding <ref type="bibr" coords="21,62.31,335.47,163.91,9.21" target="#b10">(Baumgartner and Steenkamp, 2001)</ref>. Also, it is possible, when several balanced sets of questions are available, to use structural equation modeling to identify the latent acquiescence factor underlying responses to survey items <ref type="bibr" coords="21,320.31,359.39,106.82,9.21;21,44.60,371.34,21.90,9.21" target="#b15">(Billiet and McClendon, 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Perhaps the best approach for reducing acquiescence bias, however, is to develop better survey questions for measuring crime attributions and policy support (see <ref type="bibr" coords="21,387.86,395.25,39.30,9.21;21,44.60,407.21,79.12,9.21" target="#b47">Krosnick and Presser, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,127.06,407.21,73.89,9.21" target="#b65">Saris et al., 2010)</ref>. This is particularly important in the case of crime attributions because it is not clear that the types of questions that are typically used to measure attribution styles-statements about why "most offenders commit crimes"-are ideal. In previous investigations, the use of such questions has generally resulted in scales with alpha coefficients below the conventional threshold (.70) for acceptable reliability (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="21,87.33,466.98,82.07,9.21" target="#b23">Carroll et al., 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,171.97,466.98,88.17,9.21" target="#b26">Cochran et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,262.70,466.98,120.57,9.21" target="#b37">Grasmick and McGill, 1994)</ref>. And our experiment shows that when bidirectional sets of these questions are used, the reliability of the resulting scales is even lower.</p><p>A fruitful way forward might be to use sets of "item-specific" survey questions <ref type="bibr" coords="21,44.60,514.80,126.69,9.21" target="#b47">(Krosnick and Presser, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,174.97,514.80,76.86,9.21" target="#b65">Saris et al., 2010)</ref> to measure crime attributions and policy support. Item-specific questions are those that include response options that relate directly to the specific question stem. The evidence suggests that such questions reduce acquiescent responding and increase the overall quality of responses <ref type="bibr" coords="21,330.30,550.67,74.67,9.21" target="#b65">(Saris et al., 2010)</ref>. For 13. Another potential limitation of using this method is that even when bidirectional question batteries are used, acquiescent responding can deflate the negative correlations between positively and negatively worded items <ref type="bibr" coords="21,163.24,601.51,92.39,7.82" target="#b39">(Green and Citrin, 1994)</ref>. For this reason, our results likely provide a conservative estimate of the influence of acquiescence bias on findings.</p><p>instance, to measure crime attributions with item-specific questions, researchers could replace items asking respondents how much they disagree/agree with statements like "most offenders commit crimes as a way of coping with poor living conditions," with questions such as follows:</p><p>1. Thinking about the criminals in this country, how many would you say commit their crimes as a way to cope with poor living conditions: none, a few, a good bit, or most? 2. How often are poor living conditions the primary reason that someone commits a crime in this country: very often, often, sometimes, rarely, or never?</p><p>One limitation of our study is that we analyze data from members of an opt-in online panel. Thus, our findings should not be interpreted as demonstrating an absence of pragmatism about criminal justice among the American public. Rather, they only illustrate the problems with the methodology used in previous studies to test the pragmatism thesis. It is the case, however, that we found little evidence of pragmatism among the Internet panelists in our experiment once steps were taken to minimize acquiescence bias. If this finding replicates with a representative sample of Americans, then the implication would be that at the individual level, views about criminal justice generally fall on a continuum from punitiveness to nonpunitiveness, where nonpunitiveness entails support for expanding rehabilitative programming. This would suggest that at any given point in time, most individual citizens have a directional preference-involving either a desire to expand punitive policies or a desire to expand rehabilitative policies-for how they would like policy makers to deal with the crime problem (see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="22,259.02,335.48,131.45,9.21" target="#b11">Bernard and Kurlychek, 2010)</ref>. Interestingly, prior research has shown that at the macro level, public mood about criminal justice does fall on a continuum from punitiveness to nonpunitiveness (Nicholson-Crotty, Peterson, and <ref type="bibr" coords="22,101.68,371.34,64.26,9.21" target="#b53">Ramirez, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="22,168.24,371.34,57.56,9.21" target="#b69">Stimson, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="22,232.59,371.34,19.03,9.21" target="#b70">Stimson, , 2004</ref> and has become less punitive in recent years <ref type="bibr" coords="22,65.56,383.29,67.83,9.21" target="#b61">(Ramirez, 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Also, it is important to note that because the respondents in our experiment were volunteer panelists who had agreed to participate regularly in surveys, they may have been more motivated to respond accurately to survey questions, and they may have had more experience at doing so, than members of the general public (see <ref type="bibr" coords="22,375.11,431.12,47.84,9.21;22,40.38,443.07,62.25,9.21" target="#b24">Chang and Krosnick, 2009</ref>). Relative to most types of respondents, then, the participants in our experiment may have been less likely to adopt an acquiescent response style. Thus, our results may underestimate the extent to which such stylistic responding biases findings when unidirectional batteries of questions are used to measure views about crime and justice.</p><p>We close by emphasizing that whereas our focus has been restricted to examining the influence of different measurement approaches on conclusions about public pragmatism and the theoretical correlates of policy support, the effects of acquiescence bias are of broader concern. The practice of using unidirectional sets of Likert questions to construct scales is widespread in the criminological literature. For example, this is the typical method used to operationalize concepts such as low self-control <ref type="bibr" coords="22,321.00,562.63,97.52,9.21" target="#b38">(Grasmick et al., 1993)</ref>, legal cynicism <ref type="bibr" coords="22,104.18,574.58,111.76,9.21" target="#b44">(Kirk and Matsuda, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="22,219.09,574.58,127.88,9.21" target="#b63">Sampson and Bartusch, 1998)</ref>, endorsement of the code of the street <ref type="bibr" coords="22,219.28,586.53,112.92,9.21" target="#b68">Stewart and Simons, 2010)</ref>, and procedural justice <ref type="bibr" coords="22,58.53,598.50,81.89,9.21" target="#b7">(Baker et al., 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="22,143.10,598.50,95.15,9.21" target="#b50">Mazerolle et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="22,240.94,598.50,65.29,9.21" target="#b72">Tankebe, 2013)</ref>. However, researchers using such measures have rarely considered how acquiescent responding may bias findings.</p><p>Given the results observed in our study and elsewhere (see <ref type="bibr" coords="23,306.70,60.68,66.78,9.21" target="#b46">Krosnick, 1999)</ref>, we believe this is an oversight. 5. "Generations of slavery and discrimination have created conditions that make it difficult for Blacks to work their way out of the lower class."</p><p>Perceived risk of victimization is measured as the average of responses to the five items in the following question:</p><p>On a scale from 1 to 7, where 1 means "not at all likely" and 7 means "very likely," how likely is it that someone will try to commit the following crimes against you or a member of your family in the next five years: 1) Break into your house? 2) Beat you up on the street? 3) Rob or mug you? 4) Rape or sexually assault you? 5) Murder you?</p><p>The variable Perceived crime trend is measured with responses (1 = decreased greatly, 5 = increased greatly) to the following question: "In your best judgment, how much has the crime rate in the U.S. decreased or increased in the past five years?" The News consumption variable gauges the number of days each week the respondent is exposed to national evening news. The specific question was as follows: "In a typical WEEK, on how many days do you do each of the following . . . watch national evening news like CNN?" Conservatism is a measure of respondents' political ideology. It is measured with the question: "How would you describe yourself politically?" The response options were 1 = very liberal, 2 = liberal, 3 = middle of the road, 4 = conservative, and 5 = very conservative. Religiosity is a measure of the salience of religion in respondents' lives. It is measured with the following item: "How important would you say religion is in your life?" The responses options were 1 = very unimportant, 2 = unimportant, 3 = somewhat unimportant, 4 = somewhat important, 5 = important, and 6 = very important. We control for prior Family victimization using a dichotomous indicator equal to responses (0 = no, 1 = yes) to the following question: "Over the past five years, has anyone in your immediate family been the victim of a crime?" Education is measured as 1 = less than high-school degree, 2 = high-school degree, 3 = some college, 4 = college degree, and 5 = graduate degree.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SUPPORTING INFORMATION</head><p>Additional Supporting Information may be found in the online version of this article at the publisher's web site:</p><p>Supporting Information S1</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="19,44.61,119.68,382.56,9.96;19,44.61,131.64,382.57,9.96;19,44.61,144.19,382.55,9.21;19,44.61,155.55,382.55,9.96;19,44.61,168.10,382.56,9.21;19,44.61,179.46,382.56,9.96;19,44.61,192.02,95.49,9.21;19,140.09,190.46,16.69,6.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>b = .142, z = 4.956, p &lt; .001) of the total effect of Dispositional attributions on Punitiveness and 35 percent (Sobel test: b = -.082, z = -2.992, p = .003) of the effect of Situational attributions on this outcome variable. Additionally, among respondents in this group, Racial resentment mediates 48 percent (Sobel test: b = -.113, z = -4.521, p &lt; .001) of the total effect of Dispositional attributions on support for Rehabilitation and 24 percent (Sobel test: b = .065, z = 2.888, p = .004) of the effect of Situational attributions on this outcome variable. 10,11</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="9,44.60,60.39,382.59,231.75"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics</figDesc><table coords="9,44.60,80.97,382.59,211.17">Variables 
Unidirectional Group 
Bidirectional Group 

Alpha Mean 
SD 
Alpha Mean 
SD 
Diff. 
t/z 
p 

Variables That Are Measured 
Differently Across Groups 
Punitiveness 
.88 
3.84 
1.26 
.81 
3.74 
1.13 
-
-
-
Rehabilitation 
.93 
4.59 
1.02 
.86 
4.69 
.91 
-
-
-
Dispositional attributions 
.85 
3.42 
1.08 
.52 
3.41 
.77 
-
-
-
Situational attributions 
.80 
3.55 
.90 
.44 
3.83 
.67 
-
-
-
Variables That Are Measured 
Identically Across Groups 
Racial resentment 
.90 
3.59 
1.29 
.88 
3.47 
1.32 
.12 
1.24 .21 
Perceived risk 
.86 
2.44 
1.09 
.87 
2.42 
1.15 
.02 
.23 .82 
Perceived crime trend 
-
3.31 
1.11 
-
3.35 
1.11 
.04 
.56 .57 
News consumption 
-
2.32 
2.49 
-
2.46 
2.59 
.14 
.77 .44 
Conservatism 
-
2.84 
.97 
-
2.75 
1.00 
.09 
1.29 .20 
Religiosity 
-
3.55 
1.84 
-
3.63 
1.87 
.08 
.62 .54 
Family victimization 
-
.34 
.47 
-
.33 
.47 
.01 
.28 .78 
Education 
-
3.83 
.97 
-
3.82 
.97 
.00 
.02 .98 
Female 
-
.52 
.50 
-
.54 
.50 
.02 
.54 .59 
White 
-
.80 
.40 
-
.76 
.43 
.04 
1.38 .17 
Age 
-
46.30 
15.90 
-
47.00 
16.52 
.70 
.60 .55 
N 
379 
393 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="10,40.37,60.27,367.28,123.56"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Questions Measuring Respondents' Attribution Styles</figDesc><table coords="10,40.37,80.85,367.28,102.98">Unidirectional Questions 
Bidirectional Questions 

Dispositional Attributions 
1. Most offenders commit crimes because they have 
evil or manipulative personalities and don't care 
about hurting others. 

1. Unchanged. 

2. Most offenders commit crimes simply because 
they have bad moral character. 

2. Few offenders commit crimes simply because 
they have bad moral character. 
3. Most offenders commit crimes because they have 
little or no self-control. 

3. Unchanged. 

4. Most offenders commit crimes simply because 
they are selfish people. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="11,44.60,60.27,380.17,240.12"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Questions Measuring Respondents' Policy Support</figDesc><table coords="11,44.60,80.85,380.17,219.54">Unidirectional Questions 
Bidirectional Questions 

Punitiveness 
1. Making sentences more severe for all crimes. 
1. Unchanged. 
2. Increasing the use of the death penalty for 
murders. 

2. Reducing the use of the death penalty for 
murders. 
3. Locking up more juvenile offenders. 
3. Unchanged. 
4. Increasing the use of mandatory minimum 
sentencing laws, like "Three Strikes," for repeat 
offenders. 

4. Reducing the use of mandatory minimum 
sentencing laws, like "Three Strikes," for repeat 
offenders. 
5. Keeping sex offenders who are still considered 
dangerous locked up past their original sentences. 

5. Unchanged. 

6. Trying more juvenile offenders as adults in adult 
courts. 

6. Trying fewer juvenile offenders as adults in adult 
courts. 
Rehabilitation 
1. Expanding counseling programs for offenders in 
prison. 

1 Reducing counseling programs for offenders in 
prison. 
2. Expanding job training programs for offenders in 
prison. 

2. Unchanged. 

3. Expanding educational programs for offenders in 
prison. 

3. Reducing educational programs for offenders in 
prison. 
4. Making it easier for all inmates to receive family 
visits. 

4. Unchanged. 

5. Expanding social skills training for offenders in 
prison. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="14,40.37,60.27,382.58,258.59"><head>Table 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Multivariate Test of the Hydraulic Relation Hypothesis for Attribution StylesABBREVIATIONS: b = unstandardized regression coefficient; DV = dependent variable; RSE = robust standard error; St. Coef. = standardized regression coefficient. * p &lt; .05; * * p &lt; .01 (two-tailed).</figDesc><table coords="14,40.37,94.32,382.57,191.74">Variables 
DV = Situational Attribution Style 

Unidirectional Group 
Bidirectional Group 

b 
RSE 
St. Coef. 
b 
RSE 
St. Coef. 

Attribution Style 
Dispositional attributions 
−.087 
(.055) 
−.104 
−.171 

 *  *  

(.049) 
−.196 
Control Variables 
Perceived risk 
.081 
(.046) 
.098 
−.012 
(.032) 
−.021 
Perceived crime trend 
−.070 
(.044) 
−.086 
−.074 

 *  

(.032) 
−.124 
News consumption 
−.005 
(.021) 
−.015 
.000 
(.014) 
.000 
Conservatism 
−.186 

 *  *  

(.058) 
−.200 
−.155 

 *  *  

(.036) 
−.232 
Religiosity 
.022 
(.027) 
.046 
−.012 
(.016) 
−.032 
Family victimization 
.169 
(.096) 
.089 
−.008 
(.067) 
−.006 
Education 
.005 
(.049) 
.005 
.062 

 *  

(.031) 
.089 
Female 
.266 

 *  *  

(.092) 
.147 
.022 
(.065) 
.016 
White 
−.062 
(.119) 
−.027 
.086 
(.073) 
.055 
Age 
−.003 
(.003) 
−.055 
−.001 
(.002) 
−.029 
R 2 
.124 
.204 
N 
379 
393 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="15,44.60,60.27,382.58,257.47"><head>Table 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Multivariate Test of the Hydraulic Relation Hypothesis for Policy SupportABBREVIATIONS: b = unstandardized regression coefficient; DV = dependent variable; RSE = robust standard error; St. Coef. = standardized regression coefficient. * p &lt; .05; * * p &lt; .01 (two-tailed).</figDesc><table coords="15,44.60,94.32,382.56,190.63">Variables 
DV = Punitiveness 

Unidirectional Group 
Bidirectional Group 

b 
RSE 
St. Coef. 
b 
RSE 
St. Coef. 

Policy Support 
Rehabilitation 
−.268 

 *  *  

(.069) 
−.218 
−.405 

 *  *  

(.054) 
−.326 
Control Variables 
Perceived risk 
.013 
(.057) 
.012 
.036 
(.044) 
.037 
Perceived crime trend 
.231 

 *  *  

(.052) 
.204 
.216 

 *  *  

(.048) 
.213 
News consumption 
.039 
(.024) 
.078 
.004 
(.020) 
.008 
Conservatism 
.413 

 *  *  

(.071) 
.319 
.290 

 *  *  

(.057) 
.257 
Religiosity 
.020 
(.033) 
.029 
.054 
(.028) 
.090 
Family victimization 
−.095 
(.118) 
−.036 
.123 
(.098) 
.051 
Education 
−.166 

 *  *  

(.058) 
−.128 
−.068 
(.044) 
−.059 
Female 
.168 
(.113) 
.067 
.056 
(.092) 
.025 
White 
−.080 
(.136) 
−.026 
.145 
(.109) 
.055 
Age 
.002 
(.004) 
.028 
−.000 
(.003) 
−.001 
R 2 
.337 
.420 
N 
379 
393 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="16,101.38,60.10,255.82,557.21"><head>Table 6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Regression Models Predicting Punitiveness with Attribution Styles and Racial Resentment</figDesc><table coords="16,121.96,60.10,235.25,557.21">Variables 

Unidirectional Group 

Bidirectional Group 

Model 1: Punitiveness 

Model 2: Punitiveness 

Model 3: Punitiveness 

Model 4: Punitiveness 

b 

RSE 
St. Coef. 

b 

RSE 
St. Coef. 

b 

RSE 
St. Coef. 

b 

RSE 
St. Coef. 

Racial Resentment 

-

-

-

.230 

 *  *  

(.052) 

.237 

-

-

-

.296 

 *  *  

(.042) 

.347 

Attribution Styles 
Dispositional attributions 

.519 

 *  *  

(.058) 

.447 

.429 

 *  *  

(.062) 

.370 

.599 

 *  *  

(.061) 

.407 

.456 

 *  *  

(.065) 

.310 

Situational attributions 

−.085 

(.068) 

−.061 

.012 

(.068) 

.009 

−.234 

 *  *  

(.071) 

−.139 

−.152 

 *  

(.072) 

−.090 

Control Variables 
Perceived risk 

.009 

(.047) 

.007 

.009 

(.045) 

.008 

.033 

(.039) 

.033 

.042 

(.035) 

.043 

Perceived crime trend 

.225 

 *  *  

(.048) 

.199 

.198 

 *  *  

(.048) 

.176 

.194 

 *  *  

(.042) 

.191 

.160 

 *  *  

(.041) 

.158 

News consumption 

.017 

(.022) 

.033 

.026 

(.022) 

.052 

.004 

(.018) 

.009 

−.004 

(.017) 

−.009 

Conservatism 

.311 

 *  *  

(.062) 

.240 

.228 

 *  *  

(.063) 

.176 

.235 

 *  *  

(.052) 

.208 

.101 

(.053) 

.090 

Religiosity 

−.003 

(.029) 

−.004 

−.011 

(.028) 

−.017 

.048 

(.026) 

.079 

.037 

(.023) 

.061 

Family victimization 

−.084 

(.104) 

−.032 

−.136 

(.100) 

−.051 

.082 

(.090) 

.034 

.060 

(.082) 

.025 

Education 

−.173 

 *  *  

(.051) 

−.133 

−.164 

 *  *  

(.049) 

−.126 

−.069 

(.041) 

−.059 

−.048 

(.038) 

−.042 

Female 

.141 

(.099) 

.056 

.186 

(.096) 

.074 

.152 

(.085) 

.067 

.234 

 *  *  

(.078) 

.104 

White 

.151 

(.117) 

.048 

.005 

(.118) 

.002 

.154 

(.099) 

.058 

.022 

(.096) 

.008 

Age 

−.000 

(.004) 

−.000 

.000 

(.003) 

.006 

−.003 

(.003) 

−.040 

−.001 

(.003) 

−.020 

R 2 

.472 

.501 

.508 

.577 

N 

379 

379 

393 

393 

ABBREVIATIONS: b 
= unstandardized regression coefficient; RSE 

= robust standard error; St. Coef. 
= standardized regression coefficient. 

 *  

p 
&lt; .05;  *  *  

p 
&lt; .01 (two-tailed). 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">. The problems associated with response acquiescence are not limited to agree/disagree items; they emerge across many different types of questions when unidirectional sets of statements are used(Blamey, Bennet, and Morrison, 1999;<ref type="bibr" coords="2,206.62,611.47,56.69,7.82" target="#b46">Krosnick, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,265.44,611.47,101.43,7.82" target="#b67">Schuman and Presser, 1981)</ref>.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">. We included prison visitation as a rehabilitative policy because research has shown that inmates who are visited frequently are less likely to reoffend after they are released<ref type="bibr" coords="10,354.34,601.51,68.59,7.82;10,64.29,611.47,18.61,7.82" target="#b8">(Bales and Mears, 2008)</ref>.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix A: QUESTION WORDING FOR RACIAL RESENTMENT AND CONTROLS</head></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.60,144.19,382.53,9.21;23,60.54,156.15,141.38,9.21" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparing logit and probit coefficients across groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="186" to="208" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.60,168.10,382.58,9.21;23,60.54,180.05,278.18,9.21" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In press. Does survey mode still matter? Findings from a 2010 multi-mode comparison</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Ansolabehere</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Schaffner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Analysis</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.60,192.01,382.55,9.21;23,60.54,203.97,366.63,9.21;23,60.54,215.92,79.96,9.21" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public support for correctional treatment: The continuing appeal of the rehabilitative ideal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Francis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bonnie</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Prison Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.60,227.88,382.56,9.21;23,60.54,239.83,366.61,9.21;23,60.54,251.78,239.13,9.21" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Forgiveness and fundamentalism: Reconsidering the relationships between correctional attitudes and religion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Francis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bonnie</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Vander Ven</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="719" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,263.75,382.55,9.21;23,60.54,275.70,366.62,9.21;23,60.54,287.65,200.90,9.21" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reconsidering child saving: The extent and correlates of public support for excluding youths from the juvenile court</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Robin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crime &amp; Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,299.61,382.57,9.21;23,60.54,311.56,366.62,9.21;23,60.54,323.52,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public opinion on the harshness of local courts: An experimental test of question wording effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Sanborn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminal Justice Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="487" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,335.48,382.57,9.21;23,60.54,347.43,366.61,9.21;23,60.54,359.39,366.58,9.21;23,60.54,371.34,366.62,9.21;23,60.54,383.29,32.35,9.21" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Reg</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Blumberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Michael</forename><surname>Brick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mick</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Couper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melanie</forename><surname>Courtright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Dennis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Don</forename><surname>Dillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Frankel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><surname>Garland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Groves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Courtney</forename><surname>Kennedy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lavrakas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Research synthesis: AAPOR report on online panels</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="711" to="81" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,395.25,382.58,9.21;23,60.54,407.21,366.60,9.21;23,60.54,419.16,366.60,9.21;23,60.54,431.12,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Female inmates&apos; procedural justice perceptions of the police and courts: Is there a spill-over of police effects?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jr</forename><surname>Pelfrey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Laura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karla</forename><surname>Bedard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Dhungana</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristin</forename><surname>Gertz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Golden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminal Justice and Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="144" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,443.07,382.56,9.21;23,60.54,455.02,366.60,9.21;23,60.54,466.99,49.78,9.21" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inmate social ties and the transition to society: Does visitation reduce recidivism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bales</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="321" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,478.94,382.59,9.21;23,60.54,490.89,341.81,9.21" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social organization, collective sentiment, and legal sanctions in murder cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Baumer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kimberly</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,502.85,382.58,9.21;23,60.54,514.80,366.61,9.21;23,60.54,526.76,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response styles in marketing research: A cross-national investigation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hans</forename><surname>Baumgartner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan-Benedict</forename><forename type="middle">E M</forename><surname>Steenkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,538.72,382.56,9.21;23,60.54,550.67,172.73,9.21" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bernard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Megan</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kurlychek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">The Cycle of Juvenile Justice</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,562.63,382.54,9.21;23,60.54,574.58,366.60,9.21;23,60.54,586.53,264.60,9.21" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The advent of Internet surveys for political research: A comparison of telephone and Internet samples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Berrens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Alok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hank</forename><surname>Bohara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carol</forename><surname>Jenkins-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Weimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,44.61,598.49,382.53,9.21;23,60.55,610.45,131.42,9.21" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Not by the book: Facebook as a sampling frame</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhutta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.37,60.51,382.54,9.21;24,56.31,72.46,366.60,9.21;24,56.31,84.41,136.40,9.21" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing the stability of an acquiescence style factor behind two interrelated substantive variables in a panel design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jaak</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Billiet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eldad</forename><surname>Davidov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="542" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,96.37,382.55,9.21;24,56.31,108.32,336.83,9.21" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modeling acquiescence in measurement models for two balanced sets of items</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jaak</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Billiet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mckee</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcclendon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="608" to="636" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,120.28,382.54,9.21;24,56.32,132.24,193.18,9.21" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public opinion and juvenile justice policy: Myths and misconceptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donna</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bishop</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology &amp; Public Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="653" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,144.19,382.57,9.21;24,56.32,156.15,221.95,9.21" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Yea-saying in contingent valuation surveys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Russell</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Blamey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeff</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Land Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="126" to="167" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,168.10,382.56,9.21" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Challenge of Response Sets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jack</forename><surname>Block</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
			<publisher>Appleton-Century-Crofts</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,180.05,382.58,9.21;24,56.31,192.02,324.90,9.21" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">State public opinion, the death penalty and the practice of electing judges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Brace</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brent</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Boyea</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="360" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.37,203.97,382.55,9.21;24,56.31,215.92,111.76,9.21" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The functions of symbolic racism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brandt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><surname>Reyna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Justice Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,227.88,382.55,9.21;24,56.31,239.83,366.62,9.21;24,56.31,251.79,125.09,9.21" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why do we punish? Deterrence and just deserts as motives for punishment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carlsmith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Darley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="284" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,263.75,382.56,9.21;24,56.31,275.70,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Srole items and acquiescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leslie</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Carr</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,287.65,382.52,9.21;24,56.31,299.61,366.62,9.21;24,56.31,311.56,143.63,9.21" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sentencing goals, causal attributions, ideology, and personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Carroll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>William</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arthur</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Perkowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frances</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lurigio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Weaver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="125" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,323.52,382.57,9.21;24,56.31,335.48,366.64,9.21;24,56.31,347.43,194.84,9.21" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">National surveys via RDD telephone interviewing versus the internet: Comparing sample representativeness and response quality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Linchiat</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Opinion Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="641" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,359.39,382.60,9.21;24,56.31,371.34,161.87,9.21" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using balanced scales to control for acquiescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Cloud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Graham</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Vaughan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociometry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="202" />
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,383.29,382.54,9.21;24,56.31,395.26,366.66,9.21;24,56.31,407.21,196.75,9.21" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attribution styles and attitudes toward capital punishment for juveniles, the mentally incompetent, and the mentally retarded</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Cochran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Denise</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Boots</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Justice Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,419.16,382.56,9.21;24,56.31,431.12,205.92,9.21" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What is coefficient alpha? An examination of theory and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jose</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Cortina</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="98" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,443.07,382.54,9.21;24,56.31,455.03,366.62,9.21;24,56.31,466.99,91.58,9.21" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attribution, salience, and attitudes toward criminal sanctioning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gregory</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mathers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminal Justice and Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="331" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,478.94,382.55,9.21;24,56.31,490.89,265.69,9.21" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public opinion about punishment and corrections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bonnie</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crime and Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,502.85,382.59,9.21;24,56.32,514.80,313.56,9.21" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In press. The public&apos;s increasing punitiveness and its influence on mass incarceration in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Enns</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,526.76,382.56,9.21;24,56.32,538.72,202.87,9.21" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Macro Polity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Erikson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Michael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mackuen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Stimson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,550.67,382.55,9.21;24,56.32,562.63,193.19,9.21" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">American Public Opinion: Its Origins, Content, and Impact</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Erikson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kent</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tedin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Pearson</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>7th ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,574.58,382.56,9.21;24,56.32,586.53,364.52,9.21" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public opinion on crime causation: An exploratory study of Philadelphia area residents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shaun</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gabbidon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Danielle</forename><surname>Boisvert</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Criminal Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,40.38,598.50,382.56,9.21;24,56.32,610.45,129.48,9.21" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Death Penalty [Database of survey items</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.gallup.com/poll/1606/Death-Penalty.aspx" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Gallup Report</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,60.51,382.57,9.21;25,60.54,72.46,251.00,9.21" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public opinion on juvenile blended sentencing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brett</forename><surname>Garland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melissa</forename><surname>Melton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Aida</forename><surname>Hass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Youth Violence and Juvenile Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,84.41,382.53,9.21;25,60.54,96.37,289.50,9.21" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An alternative &quot;description of personality&quot;: The big-five factor structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lewis</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Goldberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1216" to="1245" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,108.32,382.56,9.21;25,60.54,120.28,233.04,9.21" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Religion, attribution style, and punitiveness toward juvenile offenders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harold</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Grasmick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mcgill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,132.24,382.55,9.21;25,60.54,144.19,366.61,9.21;25,60.54,156.15,309.12,9.21" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing the core empirical implications of Gottfredson and Hirschi&apos;s general theory of crime</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harold</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Grasmick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Charles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tittle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jr</forename><surname>Bursik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Arneklev</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="29" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,168.10,382.58,9.21;25,60.54,180.05,366.62,9.21;25,60.54,192.02,78.83,9.21" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement error and the structure of attitudes: Are positive and negative judgments opposites?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jack</forename><surname>Citrin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="256" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,203.97,382.56,9.21;25,60.54,215.92,81.07,9.21" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Symbolic Racism 2000 scale</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Henry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Sears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,227.88,382.57,9.21" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Thinking Fast and Slow</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Kahneman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Farrar, Straus and Giroux</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,239.83,382.54,9.21;25,60.54,251.79,158.81,9.21" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Standardization and causal analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jae</forename><forename type="middle">-</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">Donald</forename><surname>On</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ferree</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,263.75,382.55,9.21;25,60.54,275.70,260.99,9.21" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Divided by Color: Racial Politics and Democratic Ideals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Kinder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynn</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sanders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.60,287.65,382.55,9.21;25,60.54,299.61,160.78,9.21" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Legal cynicism, collective efficacy, and the ecology of arrest</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kirk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mauri</forename><surname>Matsuda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="443" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,311.56,382.54,9.21;25,60.54,323.52,298.91,9.21" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response strategies for coping with the cognitive demands of attitude measures in surveys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Applied Cognitive Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="249" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,335.48,350.43,9.21" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Survey research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="537" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,347.43,382.56,9.21;25,60.54,359.39,366.62,9.21;25,60.54,371.34,83.84,9.21" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Question and questionnaire design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stanley</forename><surname>Presser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of Survey Research</title>
		<editor>Peter V. Marsden and James D. Wright. Bingley</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>U.K.</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Emerald</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,383.29,382.60,9.21;25,60.54,395.26,366.61,9.21;25,60.54,407.21,12.45,9.21" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resocialisatie als tegenpool van repressi: Een diepgeworteld criminologisch misverstand</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Mascini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dick</forename><surname>Houtman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Tijdschrift voor Criminologie</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,419.16,382.58,9.21;25,60.54,431.12,300.04,9.21" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rehabilitation and repression: Reassessing their ideological embeddedness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Mascini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dick</forename><surname>Houtman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="822" to="858" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,443.07,382.52,9.21;25,60.54,455.03,366.61,9.21;25,60.54,466.99,143.35,9.21" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Shaping citizen perceptions of police legitimacy: A randomized field trial of procedural justice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lorraine</forename><surname>Mazerolle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emma</forename><surname>Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sarah</forename><surname>Antrobus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tyler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,478.94,382.59,9.21;25,60.55,490.89,252.91,9.21" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Research note: Punish and rehabilitate? Public attitudes toward six common crimes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mccorkle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crime &amp; Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="240" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,502.85,382.54,9.21;25,60.55,514.80,366.59,9.21;25,60.55,526.76,144.72,9.21" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The code of the street and inmate violence: Investigating the salience of imported belief systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mears</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sonja</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Siennick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Simmons</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="695" to="728" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,538.72,382.54,9.21;25,60.55,550.67,366.61,9.21;25,60.55,562.63,154.43,9.21" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dynamic representation(s): Federal criminal justice policy and an alternative dimension of public mood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Nicholson-Crotty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ramirez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="629" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,44.61,574.58,382.57,9.21;25,60.55,586.53,366.62,9.21;25,60.55,598.50,67.76,9.21" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An assessment of the attitudes towards crime among professionals in the criminal justice system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Generós</forename><surname>Ortet-Fabregat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jorge</forename><surname>Pérez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="207" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.37,60.51,382.56,9.21;26,56.31,72.46,366.62,9.21;26,56.31,84.41,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using the correct statistical test for the equality of regression coefficients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Raymond</forename><surname>Paternoster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Brame</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Mazerolle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alex</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Piquero</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="859" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.37,96.37,382.56,9.21;26,56.31,108.32,366.62,9.21;26,56.31,120.28,167.69,9.21" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What drives punitive beliefs? Demographic characteristics and justifications for sentencing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Payne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Randy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ruth</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gainey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mona</forename><forename type="middle">J E</forename><surname>Triplett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Danner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Criminal Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="206" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,132.24,382.58,9.21;26,56.31,144.19,366.63,9.21;26,56.31,156.15,81.63,9.21" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Controlling other people&apos;s children: Racialized views of delinquency and whites&apos; punitive attitudes toward juvenile offenders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ted</forename><surname>Chiricos</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="673" to="710" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,168.10,382.58,9.21;26,56.31,180.05,250.18,9.21" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The racial foundations of whites&apos; support for child saving</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ted</forename><surname>Chiricos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Gertz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,192.02,382.55,9.21;26,56.31,203.97,366.60,9.21;26,56.31,215.92,361.43,9.21" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reconsidering the relationship between perceived neighborhood racial composition and whites&apos; perceptions of victimization risk: Do racial stereotypes matter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ted</forename><surname>Chiricos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristin</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Golden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Gertz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,227.88,382.57,9.21;26,56.31,239.83,366.61,9.21;26,56.31,251.79,176.55,9.21" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vulnerable victims, monstrous offenders, and unmanageable risk: Explaining public opinion on the social control of sex crime</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christina</forename><surname>Mancini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mears</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="729" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,263.75,296.66,9.21" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Punitive sentiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ramirez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="329" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,275.70,382.56,9.21;26,56.31,287.65,81.07,9.21" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Affective space is bipolar</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,299.61,382.57,9.21;26,56.31,311.56,366.62,9.21;26,56.31,323.52,83.25,9.21" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Legal cynicism and (subcultural?) tolerance of deviance: The neighborhood context of racial differences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sampson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dawn</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bartusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="777" to="804" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,335.48,382.55,9.21;26,56.31,347.43,366.59,9.21;26,56.31,359.39,151.66,9.21" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does mode matter for modeling political choice? Evidence from the 2005 British Election Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Sanders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harold</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Clarke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marianne</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Whiteley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,371.34,382.57,9.21;26,56.31,383.29,366.62,9.21;26,56.31,395.26,225.28,9.21" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparing questions with agree/disagree response options to questions with item-specific response options</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Willem</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Saris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melanie</forename><surname>Revilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shaeffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Survey Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,407.21,382.57,9.21;26,56.32,419.16,164.40,9.21" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The origins of symbolic racism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Sears</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Henry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="259" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,431.12,382.55,9.21;26,56.32,443.07,121.55,9.21" xml:id="b67">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Questions and Answers in Attitude Surveys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Howard</forename><surname>Schuman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stanley</forename><surname>Presser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,455.03,382.53,9.21;26,56.32,466.99,366.60,9.21;26,56.32,478.94,204.24,9.21" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Race, code of the street, and violent delinquency: A multilevel investigation of neighborhood street culture and individual norms of violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Simons</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="569" to="605" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,490.89,382.56,9.21;26,56.32,502.85,130.63,9.21" xml:id="b69">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stimson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Public Opinion in America: Moods, Cycles, and Swings</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boulder, CO</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Westview Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,514.80,382.57,9.21;26,56.32,526.76,173.82,9.21" xml:id="b70">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Tides of Consent: How Public Opinion Shapes American Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stimson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,538.72,382.53,9.21;26,56.32,550.67,365.33,9.21" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attributionally more complex people show less punitiveness and racism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kim-Pong</forename><surname>Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Al</forename><surname>Au</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Angela</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1074" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,562.63,382.53,9.21;26,56.32,574.58,190.67,9.21" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viewing things differently: The dimensions of public perceptions of police legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justice</forename><surname>Tankebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="139" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,40.38,586.53,382.54,9.21;26,56.31,598.50,366.61,9.21;26,56.31,610.45,39.83,9.21" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal attributions of crime and the public&apos;s sentencing goals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Templeton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Timothy</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hartnagel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Criminology and Criminal Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,60.51,382.54,9.21;27,60.54,72.46,366.63,9.21;27,60.54,84.41,163.83,9.21" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thinking about crime: Race and lay accounts of lawbreaking behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Victor</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bobo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The ANNALS of the American Academy of Political and Social Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">634</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,96.37,382.58,9.21;27,60.54,108.32,366.63,9.21;27,60.54,120.28,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Three strikes and you are out, but why? The psychology of public support for punishing rule breakers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tyler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Boeckmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,132.24,382.57,9.21;27,60.54,144.19,366.63,9.21;27,60.54,156.15,159.94,9.21" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The pragmatic American: Attributions of crime and the hydraulic relation hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Unnever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cochran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brandon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Applegate</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Justice Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="431" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,168.10,382.56,9.21;27,60.54,180.05,290.07,9.21" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social sources of Americans&apos; punitiveness: A test of three competing models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Unnever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="99" to="130" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,192.02,382.58,9.21;27,60.54,203.97,366.61,9.21;27,60.54,215.92,93.53,9.21" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public support for attacking the &quot;root causes&quot; of crime: The impact of egalitarian and racial beliefs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Unnever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Francis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Focus</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="33" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,227.88,382.61,9.21;27,60.54,239.83,311.61,9.21" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public goals of punishment and support for the death penalty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Warr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stafford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Crime and Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,251.79,382.56,9.21;27,60.54,263.75,305.53,9.21" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using heterogeneous choice models to compare logit and probit coefficients across groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="531" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,44.60,275.70,382.57,9.21;27,60.54,287.65,366.63,9.21;27,60.54,299.61,88.81,9.21" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does mentioning &quot;some people&quot; and &quot;other people&quot; in an opinion question improve measurement quality?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Yeager</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Opinion Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="172" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,54.57,328.17,372.60,9.21;27,44.61,340.12,382.57,9.21;27,44.61,352.08,382.57,9.21;27,44.61,364.03,382.59,9.21;27,44.61,375.99,348.73,9.21" xml:id="b82">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">PhD, is an assistant professor in the School of Criminal Justice at the University at Albany, SUNY. His research interests center broadly on public opinion about criminal justice. He is currently comparing different methods for measuring ambiguity in risk perceptions and examining the role of intergroup contact as a determinant of Israeli Jews</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>views about conciliatory solutions to the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,54.57,397.91,372.60,9.21;27,44.61,409.86,382.52,9.21;27,44.61,421.81,382.52,9.21;27,44.61,433.78,382.53,9.21;27,44.61,445.73,382.55,9.21;27,44.61,457.69,59.48,9.21;27,59.54,520.11,259.34,9.21;27,64.53,538.71,362.64,9.21;27,77.38,550.66,96.85,9.21;27,64.53,562.63,362.63,9.21;27,77.38,574.58,220.04,9.21" xml:id="b83">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Douglas Wilder School of Government and Public Affairs at Virginia Commonwealth University. He received his PhD in criminology from the College of Criminology and Criminal Justice at Florida State University. His research interests include perceptions of crime and the criminal justice system, crime policy, criminal careers, and research methodology. Racial resentment is measured with the following five items: 1</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Phd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>It&apos;s really a matter of some people not trying hard enough. if Blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as Whites</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,81.30,586.53,345.83,9.21;27,77.38,598.49,330.48,9.21;27,64.53,610.44,310.91,9.21" xml:id="b84">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Jewish, and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up. Blacks should do the same without any special favors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Italians</forename><surname>Irish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>4. &quot;Over the past few years, Blacks have gotten less than they deserve</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
