<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">The Initial Assignment Effect: Local Employer Practices and Positive Career Outcomes for Work-Family Program Users</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Forrest</forename><surname>Briscoe</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">The Pennsylvania State University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kellogg</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Massachusetts Institute of Technology</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Smeal College of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The Pennsylvania State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>450 Business Building, University Park</addrLine>
									<postCode>16802</postCode>
									<region>PA</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">The Initial Assignment Effect: Local Employer Practices and Positive Career Outcomes for Work-Family Program Users</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0003122411401250</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:54+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>organizations</term>
					<term>equal opportunity</term>
					<term>social capital</term>
					<term>law</term>
					<term>work-family</term>
					<term>work hours</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>One of the great paradoxes of inequality in organizations is that even when organizations introduce new programs designed to help employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups succeed, employees who use these programs often suffer negative career consequences. This study helps to fill a significant gap in the literature by investigating how local employer practices can enable employees to successfully use the programs designed to benefit them. Using a research approach that controls for regulatory environment and program design, we analyze unique longitudinal personnel data from a large law firm to demonstrate that assignment to powerful supervisors upon organization entry improves career outcomes for individuals who later use a reduced-hours program. Additionally, we find that initial assignment to powerful supervisors is more important to positive career outcomes-that is, employee retention and performance-based pay-than are factors such as supervisor assignment at the time of program use. Initial assignment affects career outcomes for later program users through the mechanism of improved access to reputation-building work opportunities. These findings have implications for research on work-family programs and other employeerights programs and for the role of social capital in careers.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Across many professions, employers are modifying traditional career and promotion systems by implementing work-family programs. Reduced hours with prorated pay are now widely available to employees who have family responsibilities. Virtually all (98 percent) large and medium-sized U.S. law firms have adopted such programs (National Association of Law Placement 2007). Reduced-hours programs are catching on in academia, too. State systems (notably California) are moving toward longer tenure clocks and part-time status for faculty <ref type="bibr" coords="1,251.04,489.50,84.08,8.74" target="#b68">(Mason et al. 2005)</ref>. Introduction of these programs is driven by organizations' need for legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="1,311.81,513.43,103.23,8.74" target="#b62">(Kelly and Dobbin 1999)</ref> and by their attempts to address the formidable challenges of attracting and retaining women a The Pennsylvania State University b Massachusetts Institute of Technology <ref type="bibr" coords="2,53.01,68.01,61.86,8.74" target="#b42">(Gorman 1999)</ref>. However, employees often choose not to use work-family programs because they suspect such programs actually hinder rather than advance their careers <ref type="bibr" coords="2,214.62,103.91,16.12,8.74;2,53.01,115.87,41.07,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [1993</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,105.05,115.87,17.88,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [ ] 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,200.40,115.87,34.39,8.74;2,53.01,127.84,50.97,8.74">Wharton 2002, 2004)</ref>. At leading law firms, for instance, employees state that reduced-hours programs are perceived as ''mommy track'' options, and they are concerned their superiors will think them uncommitted or even incompetent if they take advantage of the programs. These employees are right to be concerned. Although programs designed to assist traditionally disadvantaged groups do sometimes help vulnerable employees succeed <ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.01,247.37,104.90,8.74;2,53.01,259.34,21.10,8.74" target="#b54">Kalev, Dobbin, and Kelly 2006)</ref>, across sectors, employees who use these programs are at risk of fewer promotions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,53.01,283.27,120.25,8.74" target="#b56">(Kalleberg and Reskin 1995)</ref>, lower wages <ref type="bibr" coords="2,53.01,295.23,68.89,8.74" target="#b55">(Kalleberg 1996)</ref>, and lower wage growth <ref type="bibr" coords="2,53.01,307.20,46.36,8.74" target="#b40">(Glass 2004</ref>) than other employees.</p><p>To our knowledge, no prior studies have identified employer practices associated with positive career outcomes for work-family program users. This is due, in part, to the difficulty of obtaining longitudinal data tracking how employees fare over time when they use the programs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,131.12,390.89,74.71,8.74" target="#b64">(Kelly et al. 2009</ref>). Our unique, time-varying career data allow us to follow a sample of employees over a number of years to determine the impact of exposure to particular employer practices on the career outcomes of program users and non-users.</p><p>While the current literature on workfamily programs gives us little sense of the levers that might be used to mitigate negative career outcomes for program users, two related bodies of research contribute to our understanding of this issue. The first explains the conditions under which employees are likely to use work-family programs (but not the conditions under which they can successfully use them). This research suggests that the support of proximate supervisors is critical to employees' use of work-family programs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,82.15,606.14,127.97,8.74" target="#b11">(Blair-Loy and Wharton 2002)</ref>. The second body of research explains conditions that lead to effective implementation of such programs for the organization overall (but not the conditions that mitigate negative career outcomes for individual program users). This research suggests that a supportive regulatory environment and particular program designs are critical to these programs' organization-level effectiveness .</p><p>Both bodies of research point to the importance of protecting employees from negative evaluation at the time of program use. In contrast, we propose that such protection can begin much earlier. Without denying that conditions at the time of program use can protect career outcomes, we suggest that conditions at the time of employees' entry into an organization can be no less decisive and can exert an enduring influence on how their careers evolve <ref type="bibr" coords="2,366.34,283.38,63.90,8.74" target="#b82">(Sørensen 2004)</ref>. In particular, we expect employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups who are assigned to powerful supervisors when they enter the organization-and who later become program users-will have better career outcomes than similar later users who are not initially assigned to powerful supervisors. There are three possible reasons for this. First, early exposure to powerful supervisors can provide later program users with better skill development and relevant knowledge <ref type="bibr" coords="2,303.54,426.85,126.72,8.74" target="#b23">(Cross and Cummings 2004)</ref>. Second, such exposure can allow for dissemination of positive opinions about employees for use in performance evaluation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,417.31,462.74,17.22,8.74;2,252.74,474.71,21.44,8.74" target="#b66">(Lin 2001)</ref>. Third, such exposure can provide employees with access to subsequent reputation-building project assignments, because powerful supervisors may have connections to other powerful supervisors and influence others involved in the assignment process <ref type="bibr" coords="2,286.13,546.44,58.30,8.74" target="#b34">(Epstein 1981)</ref>. In these three ways, initial assignment to powerful supervisors can protect future users of work-family programs from supervisors' potential negative evaluations at the time of program use.</p><p>In this article, we analyze unique longitudinal data on associates from a large U.S. law firm to test whether assignment to powerful supervisors upon entry has a positive effect on the career outcomes of later users of a workfamily program that allows employees to work reduced hours for reduced pay while remaining on the track to partnership. We also assess which of the three postulated mechanisms can best explain this effect. We control for regulatory environment, program design, selection into program use, power of proximate supervisors at the time of program use, and co-worker relationships at time of program use. We demonstrate that initial assignment to powerful supervisors predicts positive career outcomes among later program users, and we find that access to reputationbuilding projects underlies this effect.</p><p>Our findings contribute to the work-family and social capital literatures and build on key ideas from the literature on inequality remediation in organizations. Many organizations have adopted work-family programs and other equal opportunity initiatives such as disability, sexual harassment, diversity, and dispute resolution programs designed to promote equal treatment for women, minorities, and employees with disabilities <ref type="bibr" coords="3,138.71,366.96,59.96,8.74" target="#b27">(Dobbin 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,203.69,366.96,29.50,8.74;3,51.31,378.93,43.68,8.74" target="#b28">Dobbin et al. 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,97.34,378.93,98.44,8.74" target="#b29">Dobbin and Sutton 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,198.15,378.93,34.97,8.74;3,51.31,390.89,22.31,8.74" target="#b32">Edelman 1990;</ref>). While such programs are designed to help traditionally disadvantaged employees, the employees whom these programs are intended to benefit often choose not to use them because they are concerned about potential negative career consequences. We end the article by discussing the implications of the practice of initial assignment for enabling successful career outcomes for users of work-family and other employee-rights programs.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WORK-FAMILY PROGRAM USERS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Overall Negative Career Outcomes for Work-Family Program Users</head><p>In response to changing labor force and family demographics, many organizations have adopted work-family programs to improve employee recruitment, commitment, and retention and to comply with coercive or normative institutional pressure <ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.75,103.91,49.12,8.74;3,251.04,115.88,65.76,8.74" target="#b25">(Davis and Kalleberg 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,322.67,115.88,110.20,8.74" target="#b41">Glass and Fujimoto 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,251.04,127.85,106.23,8.74" target="#b62">Kelly and Dobbin 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,363.94,127.85,64.69,8.74" target="#b71">Osterman 1995)</ref>. Employees, however, often choose not to use these programs because they fear retaliation <ref type="bibr" coords="3,251.04,163.68,54.12,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [1993</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.37,163.68,17.57,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [ ] 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,399.03,163.68,33.85,8.74;3,251.04,175.65,49.19,8.74">Wharton 2002, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,305.81,175.65,50.13,8.74" target="#b31">Eaton 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,361.48,175.65,71.40,8.74" target="#b48">Hochschild 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,251.04,187.61,51.84,8.74" target="#b72">Perlow 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,305.46,187.61,58.63,8.74">Williams 2000)</ref>. In fact, research has found that using such programs is associated with negative career outcomes. Users of reduced-hours programs, for example, suffer from fewer promotions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,351.37,235.41,81.44,8.74;3,251.04,247.38,21.95,8.74" target="#b24">(Dau-Schmidt et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,279.89,247.38,119.98,8.74" target="#b56">Kalleberg and Reskin 1995)</ref>, lower wages <ref type="bibr" coords="3,282.32,259.34,68.77,8.74" target="#b55">(Kalleberg 1996)</ref>, and lower wage growth <ref type="bibr" coords="3,281.44,271.31,48.29,8.74" target="#b40">(Glass 2004)</ref>. Similarly, users of Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) programs suffer from future lower wages <ref type="bibr" coords="3,377.77,295.24,55.12,8.74;3,251.04,307.20,53.31,8.74" target="#b50">(Jacobsen and Levin 1995)</ref>, fewer promotions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,404.38,307.20,28.38,8.74;3,251.04,319.17,62.33,8.74" target="#b44">(Hagan and Kay 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,318.44,319.17,110.28,8.74" target="#b51">Judiesch and Lyness 1999)</ref>, and less retention <ref type="bibr" coords="3,322.03,331.07,106.58,8.74" target="#b67">(Lyness and Judiesch 2001)</ref>.</p><p>The literature suggests that employees who use these programs are evaluated negatively. Indeed, these employees are doubly vulnerable. Even before they become program users, women, mothers, and male primary caregivers are often rated as less competent <ref type="bibr" coords="3,283.07,414.83,145.49,8.74" target="#b7">(Biernat and Kobrynowicz 1997)</ref>, seen as less capable of assuming positions of authority <ref type="bibr" coords="3,303.30,438.70,69.18,8.74" target="#b75">(Ridgeway 2001)</ref>, and awarded lower wages <ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.28,450.66,119.55,8.74;3,251.04,462.63,23.24,8.74" target="#b22">(Correll, Benard, and Paik 2007)</ref> than other employees. This is true even after controlling for factors related to skill and productivity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,351.89,486.56,80.97,8.74;3,251.04,498.52,83.11,8.74" target="#b4">(Anderson, Binder, and Krause 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,343.00,498.52,89.87,8.74;3,251.04,510.49,21.44,8.74" target="#b16">Budig and England 2001)</ref>. Once these employees begin to use work-family programs, they may suffer even further; by simply using the programs, they highlight their membership in traditionally disadvantaged groups. This may invite supervisors to question the employees' commitment, abilities, and marketability <ref type="bibr" coords="3,251.04,594.18,64.79,8.74" target="#b1">(Albiston 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,320.26,594.18,66.55,8.74" target="#b10">Blair-Loy 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,391.18,594.18,41.66,8.74;3,251.04,606.15,35.82,8.74" target="#b36">Epstein et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,290.15,606.15,114.65,8.74" target="#b76">Ridgeway and Correll 2004)</ref>.</p><p>Despite documented negative outcomes, these kinds of programs do sometimes help individuals in traditionally disadvantaged groups succeed ). This variation in career outcomes raises the question: under what conditions can employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups successfully use the work-family programs that have been established for their benefit?</p><p>Traditional Approach: Conditions at the Time of Program Use Two bodies of research shed light on this issue. The first explains the conditions under which employees are likely to use such programs. ''Good'' employees-no matter how that ''goodness'' is achieved-report having greater latitude when it comes to doing things outside the norm, like using reduced-hours programs <ref type="bibr" coords="4,194.68,307.27,40.10,8.74;4,53.01,319.24,48.37,8.74" target="#b65">Kelly and Moen 2007)</ref>. Furthermore, proximate supervisors at the time of decisions about program use play an important role in whether employees use work-family programs <ref type="bibr" coords="4,53.01,367.10,60.59,8.74" target="#b14">(Briscoe 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,117.70,367.10,72.27,8.74" target="#b48">Hochschild 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,194.06,367.10,40.72,8.74;4,53.01,379.07,51.47,8.74" target="#b63">Kelly and Kalev 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,109.42,379.07,54.61,8.74" target="#b73">Perlow 1998)</ref>. Employees are more likely to use these programs if they work with powerful proximate supervisors who may buffer them from possible negative career outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="4,129.20,426.87,105.59,8.74;4,53.01,438.83,21.44,8.74" target="#b11">(Blair-Loy and Wharton 2002)</ref>.</p><p>The second body of research explains conditions that lead to effective organizational implementation of employee-rights programs that are designed to assist traditionally disadvantaged groups. A supportive regulatory environment is critical to the effectiveness of these programs because it creates disincentives for organizations to discriminate <ref type="bibr" coords="4,163.72,546.46,50.03,8.74" target="#b81">Skaggs 2008</ref>). In addition, particular program designs facilitate programs' effectiveness in law firms by requiring relatively low billable hours <ref type="bibr" coords="4,212.71,582.35,17.67,8.74;4,53.01,594.26,45.98,8.74" target="#b43">(Gorman 2006)</ref> or allowing longer partnership tracks <ref type="bibr" coords="4,81.52,606.22,71.56,8.74" target="#b21">(Chambliss 1997)</ref>. In other kinds of organizations, program designs facilitate effectiveness by assigning accountability for diversity outcomes , increasing employees' schedule control <ref type="bibr" coords="4,252.74,92.03,99.45,8.74" target="#b65">(Kelly and Moen 2007)</ref>, or combining the evaluation step of performance review with the payment step <ref type="bibr" coords="4,325.48,115.96,58.69,8.74" target="#b20">(Castilla 2008)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Program User Vulnerability to Negative Evaluation</head><p>Both bodies of research suggest that career outcomes may be affected by the degree to which employees are protected from potential negative evaluation at the time they use work-family programs. Indeed, research shows that employees who use these programs are vulnerable to negative evaluation of their commitment, abilities, and marketability to clients <ref type="bibr" coords="4,320.71,283.41,55.42,8.74" target="#b61">(Kellogg 2009</ref>). Supervisors may question the commitment of employees using reduced-hours programs, for example, by penalizing them for not acting like ''ideal workers'' who are willing to work long hours because they have no responsibilities outside of work <ref type="bibr" coords="4,320.77,355.14,53.91,8.74" target="#b0">(Acker 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,378.15,355.14,52.12,8.74" target="#b57">Kanter 1977)</ref>. Research also shows that supervisors question the abilities of employees who choose to use similar kinds of employee-rights programs; some supervisors believe that women and minorities who use affirmative action and diversity programs achieved their positions on the basis of reverse discrimination <ref type="bibr" coords="4,252.74,450.80,166.95,8.74" target="#b46">(Heilman, Block, and Stathatos 1997)</ref> or that employees who use disability programs are incompetent <ref type="bibr" coords="4,323.37,474.73,106.87,8.74" target="#b45">(Harlan and Robert 1998)</ref>. Finally, supervisors may question whether such employees, especially those who use reduced-hours or FMLA programs, are marketable to clients or customers; supervisors may worry that employees will not be available when a client wants them <ref type="bibr" coords="4,376.04,546.46,58.50,8.74" target="#b35">(Epstein 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,252.74,558.43,86.23,8.74" target="#b36">Epstein et al. 1999)</ref> or that they will not develop productive, in-depth relationships with key clients <ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.60,582.36,111.64,8.74" target="#b84">(Thornton and Bagust 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Supervisors who question employees' commitment, abilities, and marketability can damage careers because they have the power to award wages and promotions, provide access to workplace opportunities, fire at will, and invoke formal organizational programs to discriminate against particular groups <ref type="bibr" coords="5,88.39,103.91,86.50,8.74" target="#b8">(Bisom-Rapp 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,184.88,103.91,48.20,8.74;5,51.31,115.87,67.12,8.74" target="#b69">Mong and Roscigno 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,125.18,115.87,65.89,8.74" target="#b78">Roscigno 2007)</ref>. Finding factors that protect program users from negative evaluation based on program use is therefore critical.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Initial Assignment Effect: Conditions at the Time of Entry</head><p>These traditional approaches highlight how conditions at the time of employee program use shape career outcomes, but we propose that the seeds of success may be planted much earlier. Evidence connects success later in one's career with conditions in the early years of one's organizational tenure <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.31,307.27,109.92,8.74" target="#b26">(DiPrete and Eirich 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,166.06,307.27,58.48,8.74" target="#b82">Sørensen 2004</ref>). Furthermore, research shows that individuals' advancement and success in organizations depend on their access to powerful supervisors or mentors <ref type="bibr" coords="5,151.14,355.13,81.95,8.74;5,51.31,367.10,23.24,8.74" target="#b83">(Thomas and Kram 1988)</ref> who can provide positive social capital <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.31,379.07,49.91,8.74" target="#b18">(Burt 2000)</ref>. Powerful initial supervisors could protect program users from negative evaluations in three ways: by training them in superior skills, by disseminating positive opinions about them for use in performance evaluations, and by giving others in the organization reasons to extend reputationbuilding work opportunities to the employees (i.e., because the supervisors' own powerful resources are visibly associated with those employees).</p><p>Regarding provision of superior skills, a primary route for employees to accumulate human capital is through on-the-job training <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.31,546.46,111.65,8.74" target="#b30">(Doeringer and Piore 1971)</ref>. In our research setting, most employees arrive from law school without any relevant work experience; hence, their first exposure to the practical aspects of work in their profession may be especially formative. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,147.41,606.22,85.68,8.74;5,51.31,618.19,26.56,8.74" target="#b39">Galanter and Palay (1991)</ref> argue that associates advance in law firms based on the lawyering skills they gain as they work on projects assigned to them by supervisors. In general, lawyers are more receptive to learning from supervisors early in their careers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,337.83,104.00,46.73,8.74" target="#b58">(Katz 1980)</ref>, and initial supervisors strongly influence career socialization to work routines and practices <ref type="bibr" coords="5,401.84,127.93,31.01,8.74;5,251.04,139.83,80.44,8.74" target="#b19">(Burton and Beckman 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,334.21,139.83,98.65,8.74;5,251.04,151.80,21.44,8.74" target="#b85">Van Maanen and Schein 1979)</ref>. Because employees with greater exposure to powerful supervisors may gain access to better learning opportunities, these employees may develop superior skills that can protect them from negative evaluation once they become program users.</p><p>Regarding dissemination of positive opinions, supervisors who are positioned more centrally in the network structure of relationships at a workplace likely control more resources in the organization <ref type="bibr" coords="5,386.14,271.39,46.73,8.74;5,251.04,283.35,67.92,8.74" target="#b13">(Brass and Burkhardt 1993)</ref> and therefore have greater influence and control over information <ref type="bibr" coords="5,251.04,307.28,46.79,8.74" target="#b17">(Burt 1992)</ref>. In the social capital literature, the most commonly cited benefit of a relationship is the transfer of more and better information <ref type="bibr" coords="5,300.70,343.12,41.12,8.74" target="#b66">(Lin 2001)</ref>. Powerful supervisors can effectively disseminate opinions and contribute to performance evaluations and promotion decisions for employees in whom they develop an interest. This can counteract negative evaluations of employees' commitment, abilities, or marketability once they become program users.</p><p>Regarding the provision of access to reputation-building work opportunities, powerful supervisors who have ties to others who control valuable projects can generate opportunities for their subordinates. In social capital terms, these supervisors can lend their social capital to subordinates to facilitate their access to reputation-building projects <ref type="bibr" coords="5,251.04,534.44,45.82,8.74" target="#b18">(Burt 2000)</ref>. For associate lawyers, the portfolio of projects they build up over time becomes a visible track record by which they are evaluated as potential partners <ref type="bibr" coords="5,251.04,582.30,121.77,8.74" target="#b6">(Beckman and Phillips 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,377.18,582.30,55.67,8.74;5,251.04,594.27,17.16,8.74" target="#b36">Epstein et al. 1999</ref>). The quality of projects is thus a crucial factor for employees as they accrue the reputation and relationships that make them attractive candidates for senior positions in an organization. For members of traditionally disadvantaged groups in particular, research shows that projects that provide opportunities for exposure can reduce career disadvantage <ref type="bibr" coords="6,53.01,115.87,47.65,8.74" target="#b52">(Kalev 2009</ref>).</p><p>While such career advantages may benefit all employees who are initially exposed to powerful supervisors, the process we theorize is not simply a case of the generalized rule that ''the rich get richer''-that is, early experiences set the stage for later career advances for all employees. Instead, we argue, program use leads employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups to signal their membership in these groups and to become vulnerable to negative evaluation. Thus, we expect that although later program users and non-users will both benefit from early assignment to powerful supervisors (the rich will get richer in all cases), employees who become program users will benefit more from this early assignment (because they are at risk of negative evaluation) than will those who do not become users. Provision of superior skills and dissemination of positive opinions can help these employees counteract negative evaluations, and access to reputation-building projects can ensure that a wide range of powerful supervisors and clients have had direct experience with their commitment, abilities, and marketability by the time they become program users.</p><p>Finally, it is important to rule out a competing explanation for the relationship between initial assignment and career outcomes. If initial assignment is not random, then powerful supervisors could select superior protégés from the start. This could explain positive career outcomes for program users who were initially assigned to powerful supervisors. However, our data suggest that such sorting is not the mechanism by which initial assignment affects career outcomes at this firm. We find that initial assignment is not correlated with observable characteristics in any way that could be consistent with sorting. We will address this competing explanation below.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHOD</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Research Site and Reduced-Hours Program</head><p>Our unique longitudinal data come from a full-service law firm with offices in several U.S. cities. The firm has a long history and an established reputation with clients in a range of industries. Near the end of our study period, the firm employed approximately 1,000 attorneys and reported several hundred million dollars in annual revenues. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,431.15,206.19,3.39,5.94">1</ref> The firm generally recruits entry-level associates from top law schools nationally. The associate career consists of an up-or-out path to partnership. Fewer than one in four associates achieve partnership. On entry, associates are assigned to a range of projects, partners, and clients based largely on the ebb and flow of work demands. As they gain experience in their first few years, assignments become more substantive and the process of matching employees to projects becomes more meaningful.</p><p>Throughout the study period, the firm had a policy authorizing associates to participate in a reduced-hours program. Under normal circumstances, any associate could be eligible for the program after at least two years of tenure. Associates in our dataset who participated in the reduced-hours program enrolled, on average, during the beginning of their fourth year of tenure in the firm (mean = 4.12, SD = 1.62).</p><p>Once associates enrolled in the program, they were assigned specific Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) statuses-for example, 80 percent FTE status or 60 percent FTE status. According to the firm's policy guidelines, work conducted by reduced-time associates was evaluated in accordance with the firm's review process for full-time lawyers. Compensation was prorated, and the year-end bonus for reduced-hours associates was subject to the same considerations as were applicable to associates working on a fulltime basis. Once enrolled in the program, associates could remain in it for a short or long period of time, with the expectation that if they exited the program to return to full-time associate status, they would remain on the track to partnership.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data</head><p>The data encompass 958 associates who entered the firm between the years 1997 and 2005. For most analyses in this study, we focus on 71 program users during those years. Personnel data include associates' pre-hire characteristics used for recruitment and hiring purposes, as well as records of career events, life events, and pay throughout an associate's tenure in the firm. We compiled information on working relationships among associates, partners, and clients using annual billing records through the end of 2007. Data are complete, with the exception of compensation data, which are available only for the years 2001 to 2007. In addition to these quantitative data, we conducted 24 interviews with partners, staffing managers, and associates. We also reviewed interview transcripts conducted by an internal task force assessing the reduced-hours program.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analytic Strategy</head><p>Because program use involves a selfselection process among employees, we begin our analysis by examining which associates are more likely to use the program in the first place. We then consider the possibility that employees are selected upon entry, rather than randomly assigned to particular supervisors. We find that workers assigned to powerful supervisors do not differ from other workers on a wide range of pre-hire individual characteristics.</p><p>Next, we turn to our primary interestmodeling the success of program users. Our analytic strategy is to include independent variables reflecting the organizational context for employees at the time of program enrollment, as well as variables reflecting organizational context during their first year of tenure in the firm. To model outcomes, we estimate a series of regressions predicting performance pay and attrition outcomes, adjusting for selection effects. As the final step in our analysis, we report the results of a supplemental investigation of the possible mechanisms that lie behind the initial assignment effect. To do this, we enter three different mechanism variables into the outcomes models and consider whether the results provide evidence that the mechanism variables moderate the effect of initial assignment.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent Variables</head><p>We use two variables for successful career outcomes: (1) performance-based pay relative to cohort and (2) associate retention along the path to partnership.</p><p>Performance-based pay. Associate pay has two components, a base salary and a year-end bonus. Base salary is constant across associates from the same class year and increases in lock-step by year of tenure. Bonus is assigned according to individual performance and is evaluated by the practice group leader with input from the partners who work most closely with the associate.</p><p>Reduced-hours associates are awarded a bonus percentage based on their full-FTE (full-time equivalent) pay, and their entire pay is then prorated to their particular FTE level. This payment practice allows for comparison across reduced-hours and full-time associates in terms of their relative performance and contributions. Because bonuses are assigned to reduced-hours associates prior to their total pay being prorated, in principle, a full-time associate who transitions to reduced hours and continues to perform at the same level should receive the same percentage bonus, and hence the same nonprorated total pay.</p><p>The variable we use in our analyses is each associate's annual bonus, net of his class cohort average that year. This variable directly reflects differences in the bonus assigned to an associate relative to what the firm considers to be his appropriate peers. This approach dampens any variance related to yearly fluctuation in funds allocated for the associate bonus pool; a significant amount was allocated in every year of the study period. 2</p><p>Retention on the path to partnership. Fewer than one in four associates become a partner. During the study period, associates either exited after a certain number of fixed years or were awarded partnership. Toward the end of the study period, the firm developed options for associates who wanted to stay in the firm without becoming partners. Only a few individuals in our analysis took advantage of this option, and we considered the moment of their transition to be equivalent to firm exit in terms of representing attrition from the path toward partnership.</p><p>We have precise data on each associate's date of hire and exit (if any), taken from the firm's human resource databases. In analyses conducted on all associates, individuals are allowed to be at risk of attrition during their entire tenure in the organization, from date of hire until they exit the firm (or to the end of 2007, whichever comes first). In analyses of attrition among program users, individuals are at risk from the day marking the onset of program use until they leave (or to the end of 2007, whichever comes first). 3</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Independent Variable: Exposure to Powerful Supervisors</head><p>Our primary independent variable reflects an associate's exposure to powerful supervisors (partners) at various points in her tenure at the firm. We took three factors into account in constructing this variable: (1) defining powerful supervisors, (2) operationalizing exposure of associates to those supervisors, and (3) capturing that exposure at different times in an associate's tenure in the firm.</p><p>Defining powerful supervisors. A law firm's revenues are almost entirely a function of hours billed to clients. Interviews suggest that the most powerful supervisors (partners) are those who have the highest client billings. Thus, we define a supervisor's power as a function of the client billings for which she could claim responsibility in a given year, based on whether she was designated as the lawyer responsible for that client.</p><p>For each partner, we added up the number of annual billable hours billed by any of the firm's lawyers to that partner's clients. This total number of billable hours became the partner's supervisor-power value for that year. Partners vary widely in their power values, and power changed over time. To simplify matters for the next step, we define power supervisors in each year as those whose power-supervisor values exceed a threshold (withheld to preserve anonymity). Different thresholds and a continuous weighting alternative yield only minor differences.</p><p>Operationalizing exposure. We assume that associates are exposed to partners primarily by being assigned to client projects for which those partners are responsible. Rather than focusing on specific associatepartner links, our variable captures an associate's total exposure through client projects to partners with particular attributes, such as being power supervisors. To accomplish this, we calculate the portion of all billable hours an associate reported in a given year to projects led by power supervisors. The resulting variable ranges from 0 to 1.0 and varies for each associate in each year.</p><p>Timing of exposure. We include exposure variables in our models in several different ways. The first variable captures exposure during the year prior to an associate's transition to program use. The second variable captures exposure at the time of an associate's entry into the firm.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Other Independent Variables and Controls</head><p>Factors at the time of program enrollment. First, because prior research suggests that co-worker support may play an important role in the use of work-family programs (Blair-Loy and Wharton 2004), we control for the strength of an associate's working relationships with proximal co-workers at the time of enrollment. To do so, we use a variable that measures the portion of co-workers from an associate's projects in the year prior to enrollment that he had been working with to any degree two years earlier (e.g., 20 percent of co-workers worked with two years earlier). Second, because research suggests that employee tenure may shape program usage, we include a variable for an employee's tenure in the firm at enrollment in the reducedhours program. Finally, because larger projects may make it easier for program users to share work with others <ref type="bibr" coords="9,153.29,324.25,59.19,8.74" target="#b15">(Briscoe 2007)</ref>, we control for project size at the time of enrollment with a variable reflecting exposure to large projects-that is, client projects on which at least 20 other lawyers reported at least 100 hours in that year. Other variables capturing exposure to large projects yield only minor differences in the results.</p><p>Other control variables. We control for sex, minority status, parental status (time varying), human capital in the form of law school rank and undergraduate grade-point average, department (base case is corporate), city locations, a dummy for hires entering via smaller law firm acquisition, and size of an associate's incoming cohort (for additional details, see Part A in the online supplement [http://asr.sagepub.com/supplemental]). An additional control for varying Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) levels of program users had no discernable effect on outcomes and was omitted from the final models.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mechanism Variables</head><p>Superior skills development. On a fourpoint scale, we give each partner a point for each of the following: (1) uniformly positive upward feedback responses from subordinates;</p><p>(2) high marks (at least 4 out of 5) for ''training and development'' from subordinates;</p><p>(3) partner chosen by firm to interview prospective associate hires; and (4) all subordinates retained by the firm in the following year.</p><p>Superior information provision. A supervisor social capital variable consists of a partner's eigenvector centrality score in a network among the firm's partners with ties defined by billings from one partner to another's clients.</p><p>Superior access to future reputationbuilding quality projects. We created a project-portfolio quality variable based on factors that interviewees perceived to be important for career success. We characterize projects on four dimensions: (1) billings to the firm's major clients; (2) number of different partners with whom an associate was substantially involved; (3) number of different clients with whom an associate was substantially involved; and (4) portion of an associate's billings to projects whose lead partners were located outside of the associate's department or office. We then assigned each associate a time varying projectportfolio quality index for each year of tenure in the firm (for additional details, see Part A in the online supplement).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head><p>Our findings support the importance of the initial assignment effect in the career outcomes of reduced-hours program users. Initial assignment to powerful supervisors is associated with positive career outcomes for program users in the form of higher performance pay and lower attrition. Initial assignment appears to trump factors at the time of program use, including exposure to powerful proximate supervisors. Furthermore, initial assignment effect is magnified for program users relative to non-users; as a result, upon program use, employees with high initial exposure do not suffer the decline in career outcomes experienced by other program users. This finding is robust to a range of modeling choices. We also find support for one particular mechanism underlying the initial assignment effect: exposure to powerful initial supervisors helps employees gain access to reputation-building project opportunities, which in turn allows them to build a significant track record with a wide range of supervisors and clients by the time they use the reduced-hours program.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Demographics of Program Users</head><p>We begin by examining program users and the initial assignment process before turning to our main focus, success among program users. <ref type="table" coords="10,277.67,450.35,29.93,8.74" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> provides a summary of descriptive statistics for the variables used in our analyses. <ref type="table" coords="10,290.16,474.28,29.30,8.74" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> presents results from a model predicting program use; corresponding hazard ratios for each covariate are provided in the right-hand column. Female employees are three times more likely to become program users ( p \ .001), and employees who become parents are more than four times as likely to become users ( p \ .001). The likelihood of program use also rises with organizational tenure ( p \ .001). Associates from betterranked law schools are more likely to participate ( p \ .001). Our other key human capital variable, undergraduate grades, is not significant. An alternative model specification Employee's annual non-prorated performance-based bonus, in thousands, net of the class cohort average for that year. This variable reflects how much more or less of a bonus the employee received that year than others at the same level of tenure.</p><p>including all the covariates from our main analyses (i.e., from Tables 4 and 5) does not produce any other significant coefficients. Because we find several significant factors in these models predicting program use, we infer that it is important to address selection into use in our main analyses of outcomes among program users.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A Random Initial Assignment Process</head><p>Our earlier arguments regarding initial assignment to powerful supervisors lead naturally to the question of what factors influence this initial assignment <ref type="bibr" coords="11,402.85,79.98,29.96,8.74;11,251.04,91.95,21.44,8.74" target="#b77">(Rivera 2008)</ref>. Qualitative and quantitative evidence indicate that the assignment process at this firm is random with respect to individual characteristics. The firm's staffing system matches partner requests for associates, based on general project requirements, to associate availability. For associates in their first two years, work experience and preference are not part of the calculation (for additional details, see Part B in the online supplement).</p><p>To investigate this issue further, we use pre-hire characteristics to compare employees who varied in their assignment to powerful supervisors on entry. Instead of regressing initial assignment on a panel of covariates (which could obscure associations through collinearity), we present basic mean and frequency comparisons for a series of these prehire human capital and demographic variables. We compare pre-hire characteristics of employees who have no exposure to powerful supervisors in their first year versus employees who have between 50 and 100 percent exposure in the first year (based on their total billable hours). <ref type="bibr" coords="11,358.47,388.51,3.39,5.94">4</ref> We include key variables from our main analyses, as well as some additional variables that are available only for subsets of employees and therefore are not included in the main analyses. <ref type="table" coords="11,263.00,450.59,31.80,8.74" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> shows the results. Overall, there are few significant differences in pre-hire characteristics between employees with no exposure to powerful supervisors and employees with high exposure. On two variables-ranking of an associate's law school and whether an associate completed a court clerkship-employees who were assigned to powerful supervisors actually scored significantly lower than those not assigned to powerful supervisors. Associates with more exposure to powerful supervisors were also less likely to have any recorded work experience prior to starting at the firm. Other human capital variables, including undergraduate and law school grades, whether an associate had been on the editorial board of a law review during law school (a competitive process), summer associate experience at the firm, and demographic characteristics such as being female, being of a minority race or ethnicity, or being married at the time of hire are not significantly different between the two groups. These results are consistent with the notion that associates' initial assignment to supervisors is not correlated with human capital or other observable factors that could conceivably influence associate success. Of course, it is possible that associates' unobservable characteristics influence the initial assignment process. However, the quantitative evidence we have on observable characteristics, and the qualitative evidence we have from interviews, do not point to a sorting process until after the first two years of tenure, once associates gain skills, reputations, and relationships that distinguish them in ways meaningful for the workplace.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Exposure to Powerful Supervisors upon Entry and Program Users' Career Outcomes</head><p>Tables 4 and 5 present the results of analyses predicting our two main outcomes, performance pay and organizational attrition, respectively. These analyses use person-year observations with robust errors clustered on individual employees. The performance pay analyses use least-squares models, and the  attrition analyses use probit models that include dummies for years of tenure, making them the functional equivalent of discretetime event history analyses. To aid in interpretation, the probit model results in <ref type="table" coords="15,200.42,115.87,32.64,8.74" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref> include a column showing the change in probability for a one-unit change in each independent variable. The sequence of models is parallel in both tables. We start each series with a basic multivariate model showing how program use affects outcomes (Model 1). Then, we examine how our focal variable-the initial assignment effect-predicts outcomes among program users. We do this without adjusting (Model 2) and then after adjusting (Model 3) for selection into the program. The next model asks how the initial assignment effect differs for program users (during years of program use) relative to all other employees (including all non-use person-years), also conducted while adjusting for selection (Model 4). Finally, for the performance pay outcome, we estimate an individual fixed-effects model to see how the initial assignment effect differs during program use versus non-use (Model 5, shown in <ref type="table" coords="15,90.99,378.93,30.61,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref> only).</p><p>Model 1 in both tables shows how program use itself affects outcomes. Changes in work assignments and relationships experienced by employees after program use (summarized in <ref type="table" coords="15,120.99,438.69,31.87,8.74" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>) suggest that program use itself may influence outcomes. Model 1 indicates that after controls are included, program use has a negative effect on performance pay ( p \ .05) and that program use increases the probability of attrition, although this effect is of marginal significance ( p \ .10). Hence, program use appears to have a generally negative direct effect on outcomes, at least before taking selection into account. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,142.70,555.87,3.39,5.94">5</ref> Model 2 of both tables includes the initial assignment effect, and Model 3 adds the selection adjustment. Selection into program use (the treatment group in <ref type="bibr" coords="15,170.64,606.04,62.45,8.74" target="#b79">Rubin's [1974]</ref> causal framework) is salient in our context if individuals who choose to enroll in the program are also likely to have different career outcomes. Specifically, the selection adjustment in Model 3 of <ref type="table" coords="15,364.53,91.96,32.31,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref> consists of an OLS model predicting performance pay with a simultaneous probit model for the probability of program use (not shown in the table). We include an exclusion restriction in this and all other selection and treatment models discussed below. 6 Model 3 in <ref type="table" coords="15,251.04,175.62,30.10,8.74" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref> provides parallel results from a bivariate probit model predicting the probability of exit for each person-year of use, while simultaneously predicting the probability of program use across all person-years. Dummies for each year of tenure in the exit model absorb any variance related to changes in probability over time. As a result, the attrition model is equivalent to a discrete-time event history analysis (using probability rather than odds; see <ref type="bibr" coords="15,335.96,295.21,58.36,8.74" target="#b2">Allison [2004]</ref> for a discussion, including the appropriateness of the probit functional form for this type of discrete-time model). These models include additional controls for time-varying factors that could influence success among program users, derived from literature on work-family programs discussed earlier.</p><p>Results indicate that exposure variables captured immediately at entry into the organization are key predictors of success among program users, even though program use does not begin until several years later. As anticipated, initial assignment is significantly associated with increased performance pay and lower probability of attrition ( p \ .05). In the case of performance pay (see <ref type="table" coords="15,410.00,486.53,22.80,8.74;15,251.04,498.50,3.60,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table  4</ref>), the impact of the selection adjustment on the initial assignment effect is to strengthen its statistical significance. In the case of attrition (see <ref type="table" coords="15,345.03,534.33,31.60,8.74" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref>), accounting for selection leads to an increase in the magnitude of the initial assignment effect while maintaining the same general level of significance. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,301.89,579.79,3.39,5.94">7</ref> To assess the overall magnitude of these effects from initial entry, we can use the coefficients from Model 3 in Tables 4 and 5 to compare the difference between an Note: These probit models are the direct equivalent of discrete-time event history models, with the advantage that they can accommodate selection and treatment effects using bivariate probit. LR Chi-sq tests relative to baseline models. associate who spent all her time with powerful supervisors at organizational entry (1.0) and an associate who spent no time with powerful supervisors at organizational entry (.0). This difference translates into a $30,350 increase in performance-based pay relative to cohort (30.350 x 1,000 x 1.0) and an 18.1 percent reduction in the probability of attrition (we calculate the latter figure for the hypothetical employee described in the table notes). 8 Fit improves when we add the exposure variables to each model. In Model 4, after finding evidence of the initial assignment effect for program users, we turn to the question of how this effect differs for program users relative to nonusers-or, more precisely, whether there is a significant difference in the initial assignment effect for participant person-years relative to non-participant person-years. Because selection into treatment could bias our estimates of interest, we investigate this question using a treatment-effects model with an interaction of the initial exposure effect with the treatment of program use. Results in Model 4 (Tables 4 and 5) indicate a significant increase in the initial assignment effect for program users. The interaction term is significant, and its inclusion improves model fit for both outcomes.</p><p>For a given difference in initial exposure, the coefficients from Model 4 indicate a significantly magnified effect on outcomes for program users. Whereas a 1.0 versus .0 difference in exposure leads to a $6,164 increase in performance pay for non-users (6.16 -.0), it leads to a $26,624 increase for program users <ref type="bibr" coords="18,141.95,510.12,92.85,9.08;18,53.01,522.36,26.33,8.74">([6.164 1 20.425 -20.460</ref>] - <ref type="bibr" coords="18,95.07,522.36,36.67,8.74">[-20.460]</ref>). This more than offsets the reduction in performance pay associated with program use. Because only a few employees have either 100 or 0 percent exposure to powerful partners, we also calculate the effects resulting from a difference of two standard deviations (2 SD) in initial exposure. A 2 SD increase in initial exposure corresponds to gains in performance pay of $8,771 for participants compared with $2,030 for non-participants. Turning to attrition, we find that the beneficial effect of initial assignment on the probability of attrition is again stronger for program users. A 1.0 versus .0 difference in exposure leads to a 4.7 percent decline in probability of attrition for non-users (again for the hypothetical employee described earlier), compared with a 27.2 percent decline probability for program users. A 2 SD gain in initial exposure corresponds to a 9.0 percent decline in the probability of attrition for participants versus 1.6 percent for non-participants. 9 Overall, these magnitudes for program users are broadly consistent with results from the selection adjusted models described earlier.</p><p>For performance pay, we are able to implement a fixed-effects model by interacting program use with initial exposure to powerful supervisors. The advantage of the fixedeffects model is that it implicitly controls for any unobservable (or observable) variation across employees. Only variables that vary within persons are included in the model, except for initial exposure to powerful supervisors, which is entered in the interaction term. The results, presented in Model 5 of <ref type="table" coords="18,252.74,414.79,29.25,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>, are consistent with our other models predicting performance pay. Specifically, the effect of powerful supervisor exposure at organization entry is significantly greater during program use, relative to non-program use. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,268.50,472.19,6.77,5.94">10</ref> We find similar and generally stronger results for the initial assignment effect if we omit the selection and treatment adjustments shown in Tables 4 and 5. As a further sensitivity analysis, we implemented a modified Propensity Score Match based on program use and re-ran the career outcomes models using fixed effects for each matched set of program users and non-users. The results are consistent with those presented in Tables 4 and 5.</p><p>In the above analyses, some control variables for the social context at time of enrollment are significant. In <ref type="table" coords="19,170.42,68.01,29.13,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>, having more project co-workers at the time of enrollment who were also project co-workers two years earlier increases performance-based pay (for program users and all employees, but this effect loses significance for program users after adjusting for selection). In <ref type="table" coords="19,209.84,139.74,23.21,8.74;19,51.31,151.71,3.78,8.74" target="#tab_4">Table  5</ref>, spending more time on projects with 20 or more co-workers at the time of enrollment increases pay and decreases attrition for all associates, but it is not significant for program users. Exposure to power supervisors at the time of enrollment is marginally significant in unadjusted models of both outcomes for program users, but this effect loses significance after adjusting for selection and is not significant for all employees. In additional analyses (not shown here), we looked for effects from other time-ofenrollment variables suggested in the literature, including average tenure of project workgroup members and gender composition of workgroups; we found no significant effects. 11</p><p>Mechanism Investigation: Why Is There an Initial Assignment Effect? <ref type="table" coords="19,51.31,403.24,31.72,8.74" target="#tab_5">Table 6</ref> summarizes results from additional analyses in which we added separate variables designed to assess the relative importance in the initial assignment effect of three different possible mechanisms. The models predict performance pay and attrition; the modeling strategy and control variables are the same as those presented in Model 3 of Tables 4 and 5. In this table, coefficients (and standard errors and significance levels) are provided for each of the three variables when they are entered separately into a baseline model. We also show the coefficients for power supervisor exposure at organization entry, and whether model fit improves after adding the mechanism variable. We are looking for evidence consistent with mediation. Evidence would include a significant coefficient on the mechanism variable while the power supervisor exposure at organization entry coefficient is diminished in size.</p><p>The mechanisms we considered are supervisors' provision of skills, provision of positive opinions, and provision of access to future reputation-building projects. Neither supervisor developmental quality (our indicator for provision of skills) nor supervisor centrality (our indicator for provision of positive opinions) explains the effect of initial exposure to powerful supervisors. We find no significant effects of supervisor developmental quality or supervisor social capital for program users on either outcome. Exposure to power supervisors continues to have a statistically significant and substantial influence on post-enrollment success even in the presence of these variables. And there is not a statistically significant improvement in model fit.</p><p>The third mechanism we proposed is provision of access to future reputation-building projects. We noted that powerful early supervisors may provide employees with access to future reputation-building projects if these supervisors have more ties, or more ties to other supervisors who control more valuable projects, than do other supervisors. One way to examine this mechanism is simply to compare the networks of powerful supervisors versus other supervisors in the organization. Powerful supervisors do, in fact, have links to a greater number of supervisors (13.20 versus 7.48 supervisors, t-test p \ .001), and to supervisors who control more valuable clients on the dimensions that contribute to the project-quality index ( p \ .001 on all three other variables in addition to the supervisor count, both in absolute comparisons and when the other variables are normalized by number of alter contacts per focal supervisor). Initial assignment to powerful supervisors might also lead employees to better subsequent projects if individuals staffing the projects simply prefer employees exposed to powerful supervisors, independent of any network ties between supervisors. Results suggest that the project quality index does mediate the initial assignment effect. When added to the models, project quality has a significant impact on performance-based pay ( p \ .05) and hazard of attrition ( p \ .05). Inclusion of project quality curtails the magnitude and eliminates the statistical significance of the powerful supervisor variable, consistent with its playing a mediation role in the impact of powerful supervisors on success among program users. In addition, project-portfolio quality is itself predicted by the initial assignment effect. Results from analyses predicting project quality among program users (see <ref type="table" coords="21,210.26,259.34,22.80,8.74;21,51.31,271.30,4.15,8.74" target="#tab_6">Table  7</ref>) indicate that exposure to powerful supervisors at entry increases project-portfolio quality measured prior to enrollment, as well as project quality in the year after enrollment. Taken together, these findings are consistent with the mechanism of access to reputationbuilding projects mediating the effect of initial exposure to powerful supervisors on program user career outcomes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Initial Assignment Effect</head><p>We found that initial assignment to powerful supervisors facilitated positive career outcomes for later work-family program users, that initial assignment affected users more than non-users, and that it operated through the mechanism of improved access to reputation-building projects. Initial assignment to powerful supervisors upon entry, while random in this organization, was a key predictor of success among program users, even though program use did not begin until several years later. Conditions at the time of program use, such as assignment to a proximate powerful supervisor, were less important. Full initial exposure to powerful supervisors led to a $26,624 boost in annual performance pay and a 27.2 percent lower probability of exit. We observed these effects in the presence of a range of controls as well as an adjustment for the simultaneous effects of selection into program use.</p><p>The initial assignment effect operated through the mechanism of providing employees with access to a range of reputationbuilding projects over time. By the time they enrolled in the reduced-hours program, employees who had been initially assigned to powerful supervisors had gained access to a greater range of reputation-building work opportunities than had other employees. We posit that this exposure to reputation-building project opportunities was important because the very use of a work-family program signals employees' membership in traditionally disadvantaged groups (i.e., mothers and male primary caregivers) and leads supervisors to negatively evaluate employees' abilities, commitment, and marketability to clients. Project opportunities that provide employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups with exposure to a wide range of supervisors and clients allow these employees to solidify their standing as able, committed, and marketable professionals in the eyes of this large invisible college before becoming program users. This large invisible college directly experiences vulnerable employees' abilities, commitment, and marketability prior to program use, and this experience helps protect vulnerable employees from negative evaluation at the point of later program use.</p><p>Although all employees who were initially exposed to powerful supervisors benefited from reputation-building projects, the initial assignment effect was greater for those who eventually used the reducedhours program. Whereas program users with full initial exposure to supervisors saw a $26,624 boost in annual performance pay, non-users saw a $6,164 boost. Similarly, whereas program users saw a 27.2 percent lower probability of exit, non-users saw a 4.7 percent lower probability of exit. Program users and non-users both benefited from the exposure to reputation-building opportunities that early assignment affords; why did program users benefit more than non-users from these opportunities? We posit that, because program users were vulnerable to negative evaluation due to their very use of the programs, they were more positively affected than non-users by having a large invisible college of supervisors and clients directly experience their abilities, commitment, and marketability. High exposure to reputation-building projects buffered against the negative effects of program use on evaluation, so that highly exposed users suffered minor or no declines in career outcomes. Low exposure did not buffer against negative effects, so poorly exposed users suffered average or worse declines in outcomes. 12</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Contributions to Our Understanding of Work-Family Programs and Social Capital</head><p>Although many organizations adopt workfamily programs to attract and retain employees or to comply with institutional pressure <ref type="bibr" coords="23,51.31,211.62,128.40,8.74" target="#b25">(Davis and Kalleberg 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,188.16,211.62,44.91,8.74;23,51.31,223.59,65.98,8.74" target="#b41">Glass and Fujimoto 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,123.93,223.59,109.18,8.74" target="#b62">Kelly and Dobbin 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,51.31,235.55,66.79,8.74" target="#b71">Osterman 1995)</ref>, employees often choose not to use these programs because they are concerned about potential retaliation <ref type="bibr" coords="23,203.12,259.48,29.97,8.74;23,51.31,271.45,22.13,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [1993</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,82.09,271.45,18.18,8.74" target="#b5">(Bailyn [ ] 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,171.44,271.45,61.65,8.74;23,51.31,283.41,22.72,8.74">Wharton 2002, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,77.33,283.41,49.42,8.74" target="#b31">Eaton 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,130.05,283.41,71.48,8.74" target="#b48">Hochschild 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,204.89,283.41,28.20,8.74;23,51.31,295.38,22.72,8.74" target="#b72">Perlow 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,80.45,295.38,64.58,8.74">Williams 2000)</ref>. Indeed, such programs often have a negative effect on program users' career outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="23,179.66,319.25,53.45,8.74" target="#b40">(Glass 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,51.31,331.21,108.41,8.74" target="#b51">Judiesch and Lyness 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Our findings contribute to this understanding of work-family programs in several ways. First, prior studies highlight either the conditions under which employees are likely to use work-family programs (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="23,51.31,402.94,87.58,8.74">Wharton 2002, 2004)</ref> or the conditions that lead to effective implementation of employeerights programs at the organizational level (e.g., . By contrast, we identify conditions that allow individual employees to successfully use work-family programs.</p><p>Second, while prior studies have not specifically investigated the conditions associated with positive career outcomes for program users, they do suggest that positive outcomes are likely facilitated by organizational conditions at the time of program use, such as the power of employees' proximate supervisors and the design of the program. In contrast, we demonstrate that the seeds of success can actually be planted much earlier: initial assignment to powerful supervisors upon organization entry improves career outcomes of later program users, even when organizational conditions at the time of program use are held constant. Our findings provide only limited support for the notion that powerful proximate supervisors can protect employees from negative career outcomes; instead, we find that once we include powerful initial supervisors in the analysis, the effect of powerful proximate supervisors loses significance.</p><p>Third, we identify the key mechanism through which the initial assignment effect operates-initial assignment to powerful supervisors matters because it helps employees gain access to reputation-building project opportunities over time. This finding is consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="23,317.76,223.60,62.17,8.74" target="#b52">Kalev's (2009)</ref> finding that collaborative work relations can weaken stereotypes and lead to promotion opportunities. But our finding differs from Kalev's in a substantive way: her study points to the levers of self-directed teams and cross-training, while ours points to the lever of initial assignment to powerful supervisors.</p><p>These findings also add to our understanding of how relationships matter for career success. In many ways, our findings are consistent with the broad prediction of social capital theory-relationships are important to careers because they serve as valuable sources of information, influence, social credentials, and identity reinforcements <ref type="bibr" coords="23,251.03,414.92,69.44,8.74" target="#b9">(Blair-Loy 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,324.44,414.92,44.43,8.74" target="#b17">Burt 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,372.85,414.92,59.99,8.74;23,251.03,426.82,100.22,8.74" target="#b37">Fernandez and Fernandez-Mateo 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,358.29,426.82,53.62,8.74" target="#b49">Ibarra 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,418.94,426.82,13.90,8.74;23,251.03,438.79,22.72,8.74" target="#b66">Lin 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,278.24,438.79,106.99,8.74" target="#b74">Podolny and Baron 1997)</ref>. For these reasons, mentors in organizations are important because they provide protégés with access to new opportunities <ref type="bibr" coords="23,370.19,474.68,57.63,8.74;23,251.02,486.65,44.55,8.74" target="#b60">(Kay and Wallace 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="23,301.25,486.65,107.73,8.74" target="#b83">Thomas and Kram 1988)</ref>. We make two contributions to this research. First, we help to unpack the mechanism through which initial access to social capital shapes subsequent outcomes. We find that weak ties to powerful supervisors-ties that are formal, random, and relatively shortlived-can set off a virtuous spiral of reputation-building project opportunities.</p><p>Second, past studies find that women in male-dominated organizations suffer social capital deficits <ref type="bibr" coords="23,316.32,618.15,91.14,8.74" target="#b59">(Kay and Hagan 1998</ref>), yet little research directly connects the effect of social capital with actors' vulnerability. We demonstrate that the value from prior relationships is heightened when employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups become doubly vulnerable through participation in a controversial workplace program.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Implications for Our Understanding of Inequality Remediation in Organizations</head><p>To what extent are these findings generalizable to other kinds of employee-rights programs designed to remediate inequality in organizations? To help employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups succeed, organizations adopt not only work-family programs but also diversity, disability, dispute resolution, and sexual harassment programs <ref type="bibr" coords="24,82.66,295.37,61.27,8.74" target="#b27">(Dobbin 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,149.21,295.37,85.60,8.74" target="#b28">Dobbin et al. 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,53.01,307.28,111.28,8.74" target="#b29">Dobbin and Sutton 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,170.37,307.28,64.45,8.74" target="#b32">Edelman 1990;</ref>. Individuals eligible for employee-rights programs often suffer the same vulnerabilities as those who are eligible for work-family programs-women, minorities, and disabled employees are often perceived as less competent than other employees. Using these programs highlights employees' membership in traditionally disadvantaged groups and thus may invite supervisors to question their commitment, abilities, and marketability <ref type="bibr" coords="24,169.29,438.83,65.49,8.74" target="#b1">(Albiston 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,53.01,450.80,151.28,8.74" target="#b33">Edelman, Erlanger, and Lande 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,207.16,450.80,27.72,8.74;24,53.01,462.76,71.63,8.74" target="#b45">Harlan and Robert 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,127.79,462.76,106.99,8.74" target="#b47">Heimer and Staffen 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,53.01,474.73,56.38,8.74" target="#b70">Morrill 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,113.22,474.73,117.00,8.74;24,53.01,486.69,35.24,8.74" target="#b80">Silbey, Huising, and Coslovsky 2009</ref>). Our findings suggest that initial assignment to a powerful supervisor would likely promote positive career outcomes for users of these other kinds of employeerights programs as well. However, the timing of program use may be important. Vulnerable employees need to solidify their standing as professionals in the eyes of supervisors and clients before becoming program users; if they use disability or sexual harassment programs, for example, shortly after entering an organization, they may not benefit greatly from initial assignment to powerful supervisors for two reasons. First, the initial powerful supervisors may negatively evaluate them if they are already program users and choose not to provide them with a stream of reputation-building projects. Second, even if initial supervisors do provide these employees with such projects, the employees will have exposure to supervisors and clients under circumstances in which their ability, commitment, and marketability is already in doubt because of their choice to use the programs. Thus, the invisible college may negatively rather than positively evaluate them.</p><p>To what extent is the employer practice of initial assignment generalizable to other organizations? We expect this practice to be most important to program users in organizations where powerful initial supervisors can provide employees with access to a stream of future project opportunities that would allow them to solidify their standing as able, committed, and marketable professionals and where a large invisible college of prior supervisors or clients participates in the evaluation of employees at the time of later program use. In short, we expect to find similar results in investment banks, consulting firms, and accounting firms, but not necessarily in traditional manufacturing firms, where employees work with fewer supervisors and supervisors are typically not involved in later evaluation of their prior employees. Future research can help determine whether and how the initial assignment effect applies to other employee-rights programs and other kinds of organizations.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Practical Implications</head><p>For individuals, the practical implications of the findings presented here are clear, if not encouraging: individuals who did not happen to be assigned to a powerful supervisor at the outset probably should not choose to use a reduced-hours program. For organizations, the practical implications are more complicated. On the one hand, initial assignment of female employees to powerful supervisors may be a way for employers to help these vulnerable employees succeed. On the other hand, if initial assignment became a program in its own right, it might develop the same stigmatizing effect associated with other employee-rights programs. Perhaps initial assignment was so powerful in this case precisely because it was randomly assigned. This suggests that organizations should proceed with caution, piloting initial assignment in particular offices or departments to see if it is possible to implement the practice in a way that does not invite retaliation.</p><p>In summary, one of the great challenges associated with remediating inequality in organizations is that even when organizations introduce new programs designed to help employees in traditionally disadvantaged groups succeed, employees who use the programs often suffer negative career consequences. This study demonstrates that assignment to powerful supervisors upon organization entry can improve career outcomes of later work-family program users by giving them improved access to reputation-building work opportunities. This allows these employees to solidify their standing as able, committed, and marketable professionals in the eyes of a large invisible college of evaluators before becoming program users. In a world where particular groups are discriminated against in the workplace and where employee-rights programs designed to remedy inequality are often avoided by the intended beneficiaries, identification of employer practices that improve career outcomes for vulnerable employees is critical. Initial assignment to powerful supervisors upon organization entry could be a way for employers to help level the playing field for traditionally disadvantaged groups in the workplace. results: a $28,980 increase in pay and a 21 percent reduction in the probability of attrition. 9. We generated these interaction magnitudes using the margins, predict() dydx() postestimation command (available in Stata v.11) following the biprobit regression command. We computed the marginal estimates of initial exposure separately for program users and non-users. 10. A parallel fixed-effects approach to the retention outcome, using a conditional logit model estimated on discrete-time event history data as suggested by <ref type="bibr" coords="26,67.93,176.95,46.06,6.99" target="#b3">Allison (2005)</ref>, did not converge. 11. Future research could examine the durability over time of the beneficial initial assignment effect we identified, including after program un-enrollment (i.e., following a return to regular employment status). 12. Highly exposed users had performance pay outcomes around the same level as highly exposed non-users. Her research on institutional change inside organizations in response to healthcare regulation has been published in the American Journal of Sociology and Organization Science. She is currently conducting a study of medicallegal partnerships that integrate lawyers in a health setting to help low-income patients navigate the complex government and community systems that often hold solutions to many social determinants of health.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="17,371.18,308.32,7.48,23.48;17,371.18,301.83,7.48,4.40;17,371.18,269.70,7.48,30.12;17,371.18,247.30,7.48,20.32;17,371.18,222.24,7.48,22.99;17,371.18,180.35,7.48,39.82;17,371.18,144.17,7.48,34.10;17,371.18,135.46,7.48,6.64;17,371.18,85.99,7.48,47.38;17,371.18,61.78,7.48,22.15;17,380.64,611.07,7.48,23.48;17,380.64,604.01,7.48,4.40;17,380.64,571.26,7.48,30.12;17,380.64,548.24,7.48,20.32;17,380.64,515.15,7.48,30.45;17,380.64,498.66,7.48,13.77;17,380.64,482.22,7.48,13.77;17,380.64,433.92,7.48,45.63;17,380.64,406.03,7.48,25.22;17,380.64,371.42,7.48,31.94;17,380.64,347.56,7.48,21.15;17,380.64,337.36,7.48,7.55;17,380.64,289.00,7.48,45.71;17,388.35,631.85,5.09,2.71;17,390.10,601.29,7.48,30.61;17,390.10,591.02,7.48,7.55;17,390.10,576.83,7.48,11.53;17,390.10,532.13,7.48,42.07;17,390.10,489.25,7.48,40.16;17,390.10,479.56,7.48,7.05;17,390.10,447.30,7.48,29.62;17,390.10,406.94,7.48,37.67;17,390.10,387.40,7.48,16.84;17,390.10,380.75,7.48,3.99;17,390.10,347.08,7.48,31.03;17,390.10,318.65,7.48,25.73;17,390.10,308.42,7.48,7.55;17,390.10,294.23,7.48,11.53;17,390.10,244.97,7.48,46.63;17,390.10,210.91,7.48,31.37;17,390.10,198.14,7.48,10.12;17,390.10,186.56,7.48,8.88;17,390.10,148.58,7.48,35.36;17,390.10,129.05,7.48,16.84;17,390.10,96.27,7.48,30.12;17,399.57,581.88,7.48,52.68;17,399.57,569.94,7.48,9.29;17,399.57,557.98,7.48,9.29;17,399.57,527.01,7.48,28.29;17,399.57,491.66,7.48,32.69;17,399.57,475.20,7.48,13.77;17,399.57,445.13,7.48,27.39;17,399.57,421.24,7.48,21.24;17,399.57,411.50,7.48,7.05;17,399.57,399.57,7.48,9.29;17,399.57,355.67,7.48,41.23;17,399.57,318.03,7.48,34.93;17,407.28,631.57,5.09,2.99;17,409.04,619.25,7.48,12.36;17,409.04,593.11,7.48,23.48;17,409.04,583.76,7.48,6.64;17,409.04,562.02,7.48,19.08;17,409.04,548.35,7.48,11.04;17,409.04,529.33,7.48,16.35;17,409.04,499.30,7.48,27.39;17,409.04,463.88,7.48,32.69;17,409.04,408.58,7.48,52.68;17,409.04,398.81,7.48,7.05;17,409.04,379.33,7.48,16.85;17,409.04,331.48,7.48,45.14;17,409.04,300.03,7.48,28.80;17,409.04,278.78,7.48,18.59;17,409.04,269.89,7.48,6.22;17,409.04,257.91,7.48,9.29;17,409.04,186.29,7.48,68.95;17,409.04,173.51,7.48,10.12;17,409.04,132.67,7.48,38.15;17,418.56,625.70,7.09,8.86;17,418.40,615.88,7.26,7.97;17,418.51,600.71,7.48,13.28;17,418.56,590.08,7.09,7.97;17,418.51,582.56,7.48,4.89;17,418.40,572.74,7.26,7.97;17,418.51,557.57,7.48,13.28;17,418.56,542.96,7.09,11.96;17,418.51,535.39,7.48,4.89;17,418.40,525.57,7.26,7.97;17,418.51,508.29,7.48,15.44;17,418.51,465.82,7.48,39.83;17,418.51,441.81,7.48,21.31"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Model 3 baseline omits Power Supervisor Exposure at Organization Entry, Model 4 baseline omits Program Use and interactions. Robust standard errors in parentheses. a Changes in the conditional probability of attrition associated with a one-unit change in the independent variable, for an employee with baseline characteristics on all dummy variables and average levels of all continuous variables. b For Model 4, these are time varying variables corresponding to each person-year, because there is no time-of-enrollment for non-users. *p \ .05; ** p \ .01; *** p \ .001 (two-tailed tests).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="10,53.00,68.93,380.50,331.76"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics</figDesc><table coords="10,271.33,87.87,151.79,17.46">Program Users 
n = 71 a 

All Associates 
n = 958 a 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="11,51.30,68.93,181.77,377.26"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Coefficients from Discrete-Time Event History Model Predicting Program Use among All Law Firm AssociatesNote: Robust standard errors in parentheses. *p \ .05; ** p \ .01; *** p \ .001 (two-tailed tests).</figDesc><table coords="11,51.30,108.79,181.77,309.85">Model 1 

Coeff. 
Hazard Ratio 

Constant 
23.034*** 
.050 
(.372) 
Litigation Department 
2.278 
.753 
(.186) 
Other Department 
.464 
1.577 
(.320) 
Location 2 
2.310 
.731 
(.389) 
Location 3 
.146 
1.161 
(.400) 
Entering Cohort Size 
2.616 
.544 
(.723) 
Tenure 
.052** 
1.048 
(.020) 
Female 
1.119*** 
3.065 
(.223) 
Parent 
1.504*** 
4.482 
(.174) 
Minority 
.316 
1.369 
(.224) 
Acquisition Unit 
.660 
1.927 
(.517) 
Law School Ranking 
2.011* 
.990 
(.004) 
Undergraduate Grades 
.171 
1.191 
(.135) 
22LL 
2496.6 
Observations 
3,350 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="12,53.01,68.93,381.55,329.77"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Pre-hire Characteristics of Associates Who Were Exposed versus Not Exposed to Powerful Supervisors</figDesc><table coords="12,53.01,98.37,381.55,300.33">Pre-hire Characteristic (variable) 

0 Percent of 
Billable Hours 
to Matters Led by 
Powerful 
Supervisors 

50 Percent or 
More of Billable 
Hours to Matters 
Led by Powerful 
Supervisors 

Significant 
Difference? 

1. Female 
.522 
.474 
n.s. 
2. Minority 
.172 
.145 
n.s. 
3. Law School Ranking 
17.081 
24.730 
* 
4. Clerkship 
.232 
.159 
* 
5. Undergraduate Grades 
1.249 
1.282 
n.s. 
6. Work Experience (0/1) 
.545 
.449 
* 
7. Years of Client Service Business Experience 
.686 
.726 
n.s. 
8. Summer Associate 
.812 
.797 
n.s. 
9. Law School Grades 
3.566 
3.542 
n.s. 
10. Married at Hire 
.662 
.531 
1 
11. Law Review 
.765 
.776 
n.s. 
12. Overall Evaluation 
2.312 
2.290 
n.s. 
13. Intellect 
3.469 
3.511 
n.s. 
14. Articulateness 
3.393 
3.388 
n.s. 
15. Presence 
3.284 
3.362 
n.s. 
16. Judgment 
3.500 
3.396 
n.s. 
17. Motivation 
3.519 
3.250 
n.s. 
18. Client Potential 
3.357 
3.415 
n.s. 
19. Lawyer Potential 
3.429 
3.485 
n.s. 

Note: n is reduced to 275 (183/92) for items 9 to 11, and 52 (31/21) for items 12 to 19. Sample reductions 
reflect the fact that some variables were collected by the firm only during a few years (or just one year in 
the case of items 12 to 19). 
*p \ .05; ** p \ .01; *** p \ .001; significance tests based on chi-squared for dichotomous variables 
(1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 11) and two-sample t-tests for continuous variables (3, 5, 7, 9, and 12 to 19). 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="13,57.54,59.70,369.42,575.51"><head>Table 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Least-Squares Coefficients for Models Predicting Performance Pay among Program Users and All AssociatesNote: Dependent variable is an associate's annual bonus for the given year, net of her class-cohort average bonus for that year. Robust standard errors in parentheses.</figDesc><table coords="13,76.48,59.70,350.47,575.51">Model 1: All 
Person-Years 

Model 2: 
Program User 
Person-Years 

Model 3: 
Program User 
Person-Years, 
Selection 
Adjustment 

Model 4: All 
Person-Years, 
Treatment 
Effects 

Model 5: All 
Person-Years, 

Fixed Effects 

Intercept 

21.319 

21.364 

12.339 

1.791 

(.920) 

(1.078) 

(37.802) 

(.981) 

Litigation Department 

2.933 

21.672 

28.260 

22.588*** 

(.634) 

(6.407) 

(5.572) 

(.772) 

Other Department 

26.401** 

29.213 

23.303 

27.245*** 

(2.308) 

(9.009) 

(6.157) 

(1.450) 

Location 2 

3.344*** 

14.101 

8.614 

2.804** 

(1.002) 

(12.607) 

(11.083) 

(1.005) 

Location 3 

22.955* 

6.288 

21.331** 

24.796*** 

(1.185) 

(17.339) 

(7.259) 

(1.074) 

Entering Cohort Size 

1.001 

211.880 

23.258 

21.148 

(1.090) 

(26.102) 

(22.851) 

(1.420) 

Tenure at Enrollment a 

1.233*** 

2.676 

1.890 

1.861*** 

1.021*** 

(.277) 

(1.872) 

(1.543) 

(.187) 

(.282) 

Female 

2.551 

11.403 

23.104 

21.167 

(.495) 

(6.902) 

(13.684) 

(.671) 

Parent at Enrollment a 

21.442 

.737 

27.962 

21.429 

22.069 

(1.365) 

(7.004) 

(16.357) 

(1.187) 

(1.608) 

Minority 

2.775 

3.358 

21.725 

21.589 

(.798) 

(6.721) 

(5.605) 

(.860) 

Acquisition Unit 

21.319 

210.961 

234.386* 

24.149** 

(1.477) 

(15.970) 

(16.671) 

(1.458) 

Law School Ranking 

2.003 

.053 

.060 

2.010 

(.010) 

(.124) 

(.234) 

(.195) 

Undergraduate Grades 

.127 

2.241 

23.113 

.195 

(.460) 

(4.004) 

(3.226) 

(.440) 

Megaproject Exposure at Enrollment a 

7.554 

5.647 

2.700** 

(6.802) 

(5.348) 

(.808) 

(continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="16,81.57,60.55,325.20,575.72"><head>Table 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Probit Coefficients for Models Predicting Attrition among Program Users and All Associates</figDesc><table coords="16,100.52,60.55,306.26,575.72">Model 1: All 
Person-Years 
Model 2: Program 
User Person-Years 

Model 3: Program 
User Person-Years, 
Selection Adjustment 

Model 4: All 
Person-Years, Treatment 
Effects 

Coeff. 
Change in P a 

Coeff. 
Change in P 

Coeff. 
Change in P 

Coeff. 
Change in P 

Intercept 

21.212*** 

22.844*** 

22.386 

21.691*** 

(.042) 

(.760) 

(2.119) 

(.091) 

Litigation Department 

.210** 

.057 

.344 

.073 

.201 

.006 

.198*** 

.062 

(.067) 

(.361) 

(.333) 

(.065) 

Other Department 

2.030 

2.006 

2.104 

2.021 

2.266 

2.008 

.004 

.001 

(.022) 

(.473) 

(.489) 

(.121) 

Location 2 

.493*** 

.143 

2.727*** 

.539 

1.907*** 

.060 

.409*** 

.116 

(.110) 

(.609) 

(.534) 

(.094) 

Location 3 

.381** 

.104 

.454 

.090 

.158 

.005 

.243** 

.073 

(.108) 

(.366) 

(.415) 

(.094) 

Entering Cohort Size 

3.094*** 

.840 

8.075*** 

1.599 

7.031*** 

.223 

2.959*** 

.890 

(.125) 

(1.789) 

(1.465) 

(.105) 

Female 

2.020 

2.010 

2.139 

2.029 

.067 

.002 

2.043 

2.013 

(.012) 

(.530) 

(.789) 

(.063) 

Parent 

2.081 

2.024 

.298 

.057 

.168 

.005 

2.338*** 

2.104 

(.079) 

(.336) 

(.853) 

(.131) 

Minority 

2.050 

2.009 

2.149 

2.032 

2.401 

2.012 

2.016 

2.004 

(.064) 

(.328) 

(.353) 

(.068) 

Acquisition Unit 

21.042*** 

2.281 

21.538** 

2.305 

2.992 

2.031 

2.995*** 

2.288 

(.117) 

(.716) 

(.635) 

(.098) 

Law School Ranking 

2.003** 

2.001 

2.008 

2.002 

2.004 

2.0001 

.002*** 

.0007 

(.001) 

(.006) 

(.006) 

(.0008) 

Undergraduate Grades 

2.090* 

2.030 

2.099 

2.020 

2.174 

2.005 

.038 

.015 

(.039) 

(.247) 

(.253) 

(.027) 

(continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="20,120.75,60.30,255.71,574.85"><head>Table 6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Summary of Results from Inclusion of Mechanism Variables in Performance Pay and Attrition Models</figDesc><table coords="20,139.69,60.30,43.03,311.49">Mechanism Variables Added to Models 

Baseline Model 

Supervisor 

Provides Skills 
Development 

Supervisor is 

Central in Task 
Network 

Supervisor Provides 

Access to Future Quality 

Projects 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="22,53.00,68.93,381.53,458.71"><head>Table 7 .</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Least-Squares Coefficients for Models Predicting Project-Portfolio QualityNote: n = 71. Model 1 predicts cumulative project quality at time of enrollment. Model 2 predicts (noncumulative) project quality during the first post-enrollment year; it therefore does not incorporate any memory of pre-enrollment projects. Because their dependent variables differ, coefficients cannot be compared across the two models. Standard errors in parentheses. *p \ .05; ** p \ .01; *** p \ .001. (two-tailed tests).</figDesc><table coords="22,269.00,87.88,165.53,47.34">Model 1: 
Cumulative Project 
Quality at Time of 
Enrollment 

Model 2: 
Project Quality 
during Year 
after Enrollment 
(non-cumulative) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="29,51.30,67.35,381.57,146.46"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Williams, Joan. 2000. Unbending Gender: Why Family and Work Conflict and What To Do About It. New York: Oxford University Press. Briscoe is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Management and Organization at the Pennsylvania State University. His research focuses on changing organizational practices and their implications for career and labor market processes, particularly among professionals. He also studies inter-organizational diffusion and institutional change. His papers have been published in Academy of Management Journal, Administrative Science Quarterly, Organization Science, and Industrial &amp; Labor Relations Review. Current projects include a study on how relationships change after law firms merge, and a study on the diffusion of changes in corporate retiree benefits. Katherine C. Kellogg is Assistant Professor of Organization Studies at the MIT Sloan School of Management.</figDesc><table coords="29,51.30,127.10,25.29,6.99">Forrest </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank Lotte Bailyn </p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Funding</head><p>This research was supported in part by an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Industry Studies Fellowship to the first author. Notes 1. We provide these numbers to give a sense of the category of firms to which our research site belongs.</p><p>Here and elsewhere, we withhold precise details about our research site to maintain anonymity. 2. An additional advantage of this approach is that non-prorated pay nets out the effects of any irregular (partial) pay years that may arise if employees take leaves of absence. 3. We also have data on partnering. However, analyzing partnering reduces the usable sample size greatly because many associates started at the firm too recently to have become partners. 4. Results are similar if we choose other cut-points in the distribution of initial exposure. 5. We find similar results using other model specifications, including a simple hazard rate model for attrition. Results are also similar for female employees only, although the negative effect of program use on performance pay rises from -20.575 ($20,575, p \ .05) to -30.405 ($30,405, p \ .01). 6. The selection and treatment models include as coefficients all variables that are significant from <ref type="table" coords="25,414.61,426.01,18.24,6.99;25,266.02,435.99,3.99,6.99">Table  2</ref> (full models available in Part C of the online supplement). Although these models can be identified without it, we include a weak exclusion restriction in the form of a dummy variable for the first two years of tenure. This variable is correlated with the treatment but is not correlated with career outcomes across person-years. Few other options are available because many factors that select people into the program (e.g., sex or family status) are also correlated with exiting the firm. We patterned our approach after <ref type="bibr" coords="25,336.21,535.61,96.65,6.99" target="#b38">Fernandez and Sosa (2005)</ref> who modeled a two-stage hiring process in which many factors influencing first stage outcomes also influence second stage outcomes. 7. Attrition analyses are also robust to an alternative specification omitting the small number of exits that were internally designated by the firm as ''unregretted attrition.'' 8. As an additional analysis, we re-ran this analysis on female employees only. This produces similar Copyright of American Sociological Review is the property of American Sociological Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.01,296.67,181.78,6.99;26,64.92,306.65,169.85,6.99;26,64.92,316.57,44.20,6.99" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hierarchies, Jobs, Bodies: A Theory of Gendered Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joan</forename><surname>Acker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Gender and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.01,326.55,181.74,6.99;26,64.92,336.53,169.88,6.99;26,64.92,346.51,100.58,6.99" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutional Perspectives on Law, Work, and Family</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Catherine</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Albiston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Law and Social Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="426" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,356.43,181.77,6.99;26,64.92,366.41,93.74,6.99" xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Survival Analysis Using SAS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>SAS Institute</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cary, NC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>7th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,376.39,181.80,6.99;26,64.92,386.31,127.42,6.99" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Fixed Effects Regression for Longitudinal Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>SAS Institute</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cary, NC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,396.29,181.76,6.99;26,64.92,406.27,169.85,6.99;26,64.92,416.25,169.88,6.99;26,64.92,426.17,169.89,6.99;26,64.92,436.15,94.85,6.99" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Motherhood Wage Penalty Revisited: Experience, Heterogeneity, Work Effort, and Work-Schedule Flexibility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deborah</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melissa</forename><surname>Binder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kate</forename><surname>Krause</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial and Labor Relations Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="273" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,446.13,181.76,6.99;26,64.92,456.11,169.86,6.99;26,64.92,466.03,147.54,6.99" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Breaking the Mold: Redesigning Work for Productive and Satisfying Lives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lotte</forename><surname>Bailyn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<publisher>Cornell University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,476.01,181.78,6.99;26,64.92,485.99,169.84,6.99;26,64.92,495.97,169.87,6.99;26,64.92,505.89,169.87,6.99;26,64.92,515.87,13.95,6.99" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interorganizational Determinants of Promotion: Client Leadership and the Attainment of Women Attorneys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Beckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Damon</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="678" to="701" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,525.85,181.78,6.99;26,64.92,535.77,169.88,6.99;26,64.92,545.75,169.89,6.99;26,64.92,555.73,169.84,6.99;26,64.92,565.71,129.88,6.99" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gender-and Race-Based Standards of Competence: Lower Minimum Standards but Higher Ability Standards for Devalued Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Monica</forename><surname>Biernat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Diane</forename><surname>Kobrynowicz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="544" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,575.63,181.78,6.99;26,64.92,585.61,169.86,6.99;26,64.92,595.59,169.83,6.99;26,64.92,605.56,86.26,6.99" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bulletproofing the Workplace: Symbol and Substance in Employment Discrimination Law Practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><surname>Bisom-Rapp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Florida State University Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="959" to="1049" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,53.02,615.49,181.78,6.99;26,64.92,625.47,169.86,6.99;26,264.71,67.38,169.83,6.99;26,264.71,77.35,169.84,6.99" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s Not Just What You Know, It&apos;s Who You Know: Technical Knowledge, Rainmaking, and Gender among Finance Executives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Blair-Loy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in the Sociology of Work</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.75,87.33,181.76,6.99;26,264.71,97.26,109.22,6.99" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Competing Devotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Blair-Loy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.75,107.24,181.81,6.99;26,264.71,117.21,169.84,6.99;26,264.71,127.14,141.06,6.99" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employees&apos; Use of Work-Family Policies and the Workplace Social Context</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Blair-Loy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><surname>Wharton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="813" to="858" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.76,137.12,181.75,6.99;26,264.72,147.09,169.85,6.99;26,264.72,157.07,169.87,6.99;26,264.72,167.00,146.84,6.99" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Commitment and Constraints on Work-Family Policy Use: Corporate Flexibility Policies in a Global Firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Blair-Loy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><surname>Wharton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.76,176.97,181.83,6.99;26,264.72,186.95,169.80,6.99;26,264.72,196.93,169.82,6.99;26,264.72,206.85,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Potential Power and Power Use: An Investigation of Structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marlene</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Burkhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="441" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.76,216.83,181.77,6.99;26,264.72,226.81,169.85,6.99;26,264.72,236.74,169.80,6.99;26,264.72,246.71,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Temporal Flexibility and Careers: The Role of Large-Scale Organizations for Physicians</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Forrest</forename><surname>Briscoe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial and Labor Relations Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.76,256.69,181.80,6.99;26,264.72,266.67,169.85,6.99;26,264.72,276.59,169.82,6.99;26,264.72,286.57,57.45,6.99" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Iron Cage to Iron Shield? How Bureaucracy Enables Temporal Flexibility for Professional Service Workers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Forrest</forename><surname>Briscoe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="297" to="314" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.76,296.55,181.82,6.99;26,264.72,306.53,169.82,6.99;26,264.72,316.45,65.90,6.99" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Wage Penalty for Motherhood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michelle</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Budig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paula</forename><surname>England</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="204" to="225" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.77,326.43,181.80,6.99;26,264.73,336.41,169.83,6.99;26,264.73,346.39,43.13,6.99" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Structural Holes: The Social Structure of Competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Burt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.77,356.31,181.78,6.99;26,264.73,366.29,169.82,6.99;26,264.73,376.27,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Network Structure of Social Capital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Burt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="423" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.77,386.19,181.82,6.99;26,264.73,396.17,169.78,6.99;26,264.73,406.15,169.82,6.99;26,264.73,416.13,61.91,6.99" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leaving a Legacy: Role Imprints and Successor Turnover in Young Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Burton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Diane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Beckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.77,426.05,181.75,6.99;26,264.73,435.97,169.80,7.05;26,264.70,445.94,95.14,6.99" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gender, Race, and Meritocracy in Organizational Careers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emilio</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Castilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1479" to="1526" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.74,455.92,181.75,6.99;26,264.70,465.85,169.81,6.99;26,264.70,475.82,96.06,6.99" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Determinants of Law Firm Integration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><surname>Chambliss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American University Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="669" to="746" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.74,485.80,181.78,6.99;26,264.70,495.73,169.83,6.99;26,264.70,505.70,156.31,6.99" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Getting a Job: Is There a Motherhood Penalty?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shelley</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Correll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Benard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">In</forename><surname>Paik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1297" to="1338" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.74,515.68,181.78,6.99;26,264.70,525.66,169.81,6.99;26,264.70,535.58,169.84,6.99;26,264.70,545.56,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tie and Network Correlates of Performance in Knowledge Intensive Work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rob</forename><surname>Cross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Cummings</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="928" to="965" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.74,555.54,181.78,6.99;26,264.70,565.52,169.82,6.99;26,264.70,575.44,169.82,6.99;26,264.70,585.42,169.86,6.99;26,264.70,595.40,129.99,6.99" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Men and Women of the Bar: An Empirical Study of the Impact of Gender on Legal Careers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dau-Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Marc</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kaushik</forename><surname>Galanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mukhopadhay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hull</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Michigan Journal of Gender and Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="26,252.74,605.32,181.75,6.99;26,264.70,615.30,169.84,6.99;26,264.70,625.28,167.43,6.99" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family-Friendly Organizations? Work and Family Programs in the 1990s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arne</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kalleberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Work and Occupations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="223" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.31,67.35,181.77,6.99;27,63.27,77.33,169.84,6.99;27,63.27,87.31,169.81,6.99;27,63.27,97.23,169.80,6.99;27,63.27,107.21,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cumulative Advantage as a Mechanism for Inequality: A Review of Theoretical and Empirical Developments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Diprete</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gregory</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Eirich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.31,117.19,181.82,6.99;27,63.27,127.11,123.90,6.99" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Inventing Equal Opportunity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.31,137.09,181.77,6.99;27,63.27,147.07,169.84,6.99;27,63.27,157.04,169.83,6.99;27,63.27,166.97,169.80,6.99;27,63.27,176.95,169.82,6.99;27,63.27,186.93,49.45,6.99" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Expansion of Due Process in Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lauren</forename><surname>Edelman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Richard</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ann</forename><surname>Swidler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Institutional Patterns and Organizations: Culture and Environment</title>
		<editor>L. Zucker. Cambridge, MA: Ballinger</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="100" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.31,196.90,181.76,6.99;27,63.27,206.83,169.79,6.99;27,63.27,216.81,169.84,6.99;27,63.27,226.78,144.36,6.99" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Strength of a Weak State: The Rights Revolution and the Rise of Human Resources Management Divisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sutton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">104</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="441" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.31,236.71,181.79,6.99;27,63.26,246.69,169.84,6.99;27,63.26,256.66,38.75,6.99" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Internal Labor Markets and Manpower Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Doeringer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Piore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<publisher>Heath</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Lexington, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.30,266.64,181.80,6.99;27,63.26,276.57,169.85,6.99;27,63.26,286.54,169.80,6.99;27,63.25,296.52,9.96,6.99" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">If You Can Use Them: Flexibility Policies, Organizational Commitment, and Perceived Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Eaton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.29,306.50,181.77,6.99;27,63.25,316.42,169.80,6.99;27,63.25,326.40,169.81,6.99;27,63.25,336.38,118.60,6.99" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Legal Environments and Organizational Governance: The Expansion of Due Process in the American Workplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lauren</forename><surname>Edelman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1401" to="1440" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.29,346.36,181.80,6.99;27,63.25,356.28,169.81,6.99;27,63.25,366.26,169.83,6.99;27,63.25,376.24,106.31,6.99" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Internal Dispute Resolution: The Transformation of Civil Rights in the Workplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lauren</forename><surname>Edelman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Howard</forename><surname>Erlanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Lande</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law and Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="534" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.29,386.16,181.80,6.99;27,63.25,396.14,63.99,6.99" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Women in Law</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cynthia</forename><surname>Epstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fuchs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
			<publisher>Basic Books</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.29,406.12,181.79,6.99;27,63.25,416.10,169.80,6.99;27,63.25,426.02,169.84,6.99;27,63.25,436.00,169.85,6.99;27,63.25,445.98,169.85,6.99;27,63.25,455.96,125.28,6.99" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tinkerbells and Pinups: The Construction and Reconstruction of Gender Boundaries at Work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cynthia</forename><surname>Epstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">;</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fuchs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fournier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Chicago</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Cultivating Differences: Symbolic Boundaries and the Making of Inequality</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="232" to="56" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.29,465.88,181.79,6.99;27,63.25,475.86,169.85,6.99;27,63.25,485.84,169.85,6.99;27,63.25,495.76,102.31,6.99" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bonnie Oglensky, and Robert Saute</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cynthia</forename><surname>Epstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carroll</forename><surname>Fuchs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Seron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Part-Time Paradox: Time Norms, Professional Life, Family, and Gender</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Routledge</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.30,505.74,181.72,6.99;27,63.26,515.72,169.80,6.99;27,63.26,525.70,100.62,6.99" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Networks, Race, and Hiring</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roberto</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fernandez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Isabel</forename><surname>Fernandez-Mateo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.30,535.62,181.78,6.99;27,63.26,545.60,169.81,6.99;27,63.26,555.58,169.80,6.99;27,63.26,565.56,44.08,6.99" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gendering the Job: Networks and Recruitment at a Call Center</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roberto</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fernandez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">Lourdes</forename><surname>Sosa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="859" to="904" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.30,575.48,181.80,6.99;27,63.26,585.46,169.86,6.99;27,63.26,595.44,125.28,6.99" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Tournament of Lawyers: The Transformation of the Big Law Firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Galanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Palay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,51.30,605.36,181.74,6.99;27,63.26,615.34,169.84,6.99;27,63.26,625.32,113.62,6.99" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Blessing or Curse? Work-Family Policies and Mother&apos;s Wage Growth Over Time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><surname>Glass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Work and Occupations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="367" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,67.40,181.80,6.99;27,263.00,77.38,169.87,6.99;27,263.00,87.36,167.94,6.99" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employer Characteristics and the Provision of Family Responsive Policies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><surname>Glass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tetsushi</forename><surname>Fujimoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Work and Occupations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="380" to="411" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,97.28,181.82,6.99;27,263.00,107.26,169.85,6.99;27,263.00,117.24,169.85,6.99" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Moving Away from &apos;Up or Out&apos;: Determinants of Permanent Employment in Law Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Gorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law and Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="637" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,127.16,181.79,6.99;27,263.00,137.14,169.86,6.99;27,263.00,147.12,147.63,6.99" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Work Uncertainty and the Promotion of Professional Women: The Case of Law Firm Partnership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Gorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="865" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.04,157.10,181.84,6.99;27,263.00,167.02,169.81,6.99;27,263.00,177.00,55.08,6.99" xml:id="b44">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Gender in Practice: A Study of Lawyer&apos;s Lives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Hagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fiona</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.04,186.98,181.76,6.99;27,263.00,196.96,169.83,6.99;27,263.00,206.88,169.84,6.99;27,263.00,216.86,139.54,6.99" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Social Construction of Disability in Organizations: Why Employers Resist Reasonable Accommodation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sharon</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Harlan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Pamela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Work and Occupations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="435" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.05,226.84,181.77,6.99;27,263.00,236.76,169.86,6.99;27,263.00,246.67,169.80,7.06;27,263.00,256.65,169.84,6.99;27,263.00,266.63,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Affirmative Action Stigma of Incompetence: Effects of Performance Information Ambiguity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Madeline</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Heilman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Caryn</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Block</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Stathatos</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="603" to="625" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.04,276.55,181.79,6.99;27,263.00,286.53,169.85,6.99;27,263.00,296.51,169.87,6.99;27,263.00,306.48,113.70,6.99" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">For the Sake of the Children: The Social Organization of Responsibility in the Hospital and the Home</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carol</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Heimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Lisa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Staffen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.04,316.41,181.80,6.99;27,262.99,326.39,43.72,6.99" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Time Bind</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arlie</forename><surname>Hochschild</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<pubPlace>New York: Metropolitan</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,336.37,181.82,6.99;27,262.99,346.34,169.82,6.99;27,262.99,356.27,87.69,6.99" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personal Networks of Women and Minorities in Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Herminia</forename><surname>Ibarra</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="56" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Academy of Management</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,366.25,181.83,6.99;27,262.99,376.22,169.81,6.99;27,262.99,386.15,169.80,6.99;27,262.99,396.13,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of Intermittent Labor-Force Attachment on Women&apos;s Earnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joyce</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Jacobsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Levin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Monthly Labor Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">118</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14" to="19" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,406.10,181.82,6.99;27,262.99,416.08,169.87,6.99;27,262.99,426.01,169.83,6.99;27,262.99,435.98,63.61,6.99" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Left Behind? The Impact of Leaves of Absence on Managers&apos; Career Success</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Judiesch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lyness</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="641" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,445.96,181.78,6.99;27,262.99,455.94,169.85,6.99;27,262.99,465.86,156.31,6.99" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cracking the Glass Cages? Restructuring and Ascriptive Inequality at Work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Kalev</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1591" to="1643" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,475.84,181.81,6.99;27,262.99,485.82,169.83,6.99;27,262.99,495.75,169.82,6.99;27,262.99,505.72,163.12,6.99" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enforcement of Civil Rights Law in Private Workplaces: The Effects of Compliance Reviews and Lawsuits over Time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Kalev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law and Social Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="855" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,515.70,181.84,6.99;27,262.99,525.68,169.87,6.99;27,262.99,535.60,169.84,6.99;27,262.99,545.58,169.87,6.99;27,262.99,555.56,13.95,6.99" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Best Practices or Best Guesses? Assessing the Efficacy of Corporate Affirmative Action and Diversity Policies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Kalev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="589" to="617" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,565.54,181.77,6.99;27,262.99,575.46,169.84,6.99;27,262.99,585.44,147.86,6.99" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Part-Time Work and Workers in the United States: Correlates and Policy Issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arne</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kalleberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Washington and Lee Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="771" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="27,251.03,595.42,181.80,6.99;27,262.99,605.34,169.81,6.99;27,262.99,615.32,169.85,6.99;27,262.99,625.30,65.93,6.99" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gender Differences in Promotion in the United States and Norway</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arne</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kalleberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barbara</forename><surname>Reskin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Social Stratification and Mobility</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,67.35,181.79,6.99;28,64.92,77.33,169.91,6.99;28,64.92,87.31,169.88,6.99;28,64.92,97.23,38.34,6.99" xml:id="b57">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Work and Family in the United States: A Critical Review and Agenda for Research and Policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rosabeth</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
			<publisher>Russell Sage Foundation</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,107.21,181.74,6.99;28,64.92,117.19,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,127.11,169.86,6.99;28,64.92,137.09,146.47,6.99" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Time and Work: An Integrative Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ralph</forename><surname>Katz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<editor>B. M. Staw and L. L. Cummings</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Greenwich, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="127" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,147.07,181.79,6.99;28,64.92,157.04,169.90,6.99;28,64.92,166.97,138.33,6.99" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Raising the Bar: The Gender Stratification of Law-Firm Capital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fiona</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Hagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="728" to="771" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,176.95,181.75,6.99;28,64.92,186.93,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,196.90,169.86,6.99;28,64.92,206.83,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mentors as Social Capital: Gender, Mentors, and Career Rewards in Law Practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fiona</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Wallace</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="418" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,216.81,181.73,6.99;28,64.92,226.78,169.88,6.99;28,64.92,236.71,169.88,6.99" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Operating Room: Relational Spaces and Microinstitutional Change in Surgery</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kellogg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">115</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="657" to="711" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,246.69,181.78,6.99;28,64.92,256.66,169.85,6.99;28,64.92,266.64,169.89,6.99;28,64.92,276.57,74.34,6.99" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Civil Rights Law at Work: Sex Discrimination and the Rise of Maternity Leave Policies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Dobbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">105</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="455" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,286.54,181.72,6.99;28,64.92,296.52,169.83,6.99;28,64.92,306.50,169.89,6.99;28,64.92,316.42,117.01,6.99" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managing Flexible Work Arrangements in US Organizations: Formalized Discretion or &apos;A Right to Ask</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><surname>Kalev</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Socio-Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="416" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,326.40,181.80,6.99;28,64.92,336.38,169.87,6.99;28,64.92,346.36,169.85,6.99;28,64.92,356.28,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,366.26,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,376.24,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,386.16,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Getting There from Here: Research on the Effects of Work-Family Initiatives on Work-Family Conflict and Business Outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ellen</forename><surname>Kossek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leslie</forename><surname>Hammer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Durham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeremy</forename><surname>Bray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kelly</forename><surname>Chermack</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lauren</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dan</forename><surname>Kaskubar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Annals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="349" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,396.14,181.78,6.99;28,64.92,406.12,169.89,6.99;28,64.92,416.10,169.84,6.99;28,64.92,426.02,118.48,6.99" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rethinking the Clockwork of Work: Why Schedule Control May Pay Off at Work and at Home</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Phyllis</forename><surname>Moen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in Developing Human Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="487" to="506" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,436.00,181.72,6.99;28,64.92,445.98,169.91,6.99;28,64.92,455.96,169.89,6.99;28,64.92,465.88,120.96,6.99" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Pp. 3-30 in Social Capital: Theory and Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nan</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>N. Lin, K. S. Cook, and R. S. Burt</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Aldine De Gruyter</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Building a Network Theory of Social Capital</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,475.86,181.77,6.99;28,64.92,485.84,169.86,6.99;28,64.92,495.76,169.86,6.99;28,64.92,505.74,169.87,6.99;28,64.92,515.72,68.11,6.99" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are Female Managers Quitters? The Relationships of Gender, Promotions, and Family Leaves of Absence to Voluntary Turnover</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lyness</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Judiesch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1167" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,525.70,181.79,6.99;28,64.92,535.62,169.82,6.99;28,64.92,545.60,169.87,6.99;28,64.92,555.58,169.89,6.99;28,64.92,565.56,169.85,6.99;28,64.92,575.48,30.85,6.99" xml:id="b68">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">University of California Faculty Family Friendly Edge: An Initiative for Tenure Track Faculty at the</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Angelica</forename><surname>Ann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Stacy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carol</forename><surname>Goulden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karie</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Frasch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of California. Berkeley: University of California Berkeley</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.01,585.46,181.74,6.99;28,64.92,595.44,169.85,6.99;28,64.92,605.36,158.54,6.99" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">African American Men and the Experience of Employment Discrimination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sherry</forename><surname>Mong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vincent</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roscigno</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Qualitative Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,53.02,615.34,181.78,6.99;28,64.93,625.32,93.75,6.99;28,252.76,67.40,181.76,6.99;28,264.72,77.38,169.83,6.99;28,264.72,87.36,169.83,6.99;28,264.72,97.28,13.02,6.99" xml:id="b70">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Few Lawyers Work Part-Time, Most Who Do Are Women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Calvin</forename><surname>Morrill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Press Release</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago; Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>National Association of Law Placement</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,107.26,181.79,6.99;28,264.72,117.24,169.82,6.99;28,264.72,127.16,74.23,6.99" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Work/Family Programs and the Employment Relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Osterman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="681" to="700" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,137.14,181.81,6.99;28,264.72,147.12,169.84,6.99;28,264.72,157.10,146.53,6.99" xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Finding Time: How Corporations, Individuals, and Families Can Benefit from New Work Practices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leslie</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Perlow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>ILR Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Ithaca, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,167.02,181.78,6.99;28,264.72,177.00,169.81,6.99;28,264.72,186.98,169.82,6.99;28,264.72,196.96,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Boundary Control: The Social Ordering of Work and Family Time in a High Tech Corporation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leslie</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Perlow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="328" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,206.88,181.79,6.99;28,264.72,216.86,169.84,6.99;28,264.72,226.84,169.80,6.99;28,264.72,236.76,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resources and Relationships: Social Networks and Mobility in the Workplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podolny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="673" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,246.74,181.82,6.99;28,264.72,256.72,146.21,6.99" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gender, Status, and Leadership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cecilia</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ridgeway</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="637" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,266.70,181.83,6.99;28,264.72,276.62,169.83,6.99;28,264.72,286.60,93.73,6.99" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motherhood as a Status Characteristic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cecilia</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ridgeway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Shelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Correll</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="683" to="700" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.76,296.50,181.78,7.07;28,264.70,306.48,169.81,6.99;28,264.70,316.40,54.96,6.99" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Hiring and Inequality in Elite Professional Services Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lauren</forename><surname>Rivera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Harvard University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,326.38,181.78,6.99;28,264.70,336.36,169.85,6.99;28,264.70,346.34,149.80,6.99" xml:id="b78">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Face of Discrimination: How Race and Gender Impact Work and Home Lives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vincent</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roscigno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Rowman and Littlefield</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Lanham, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,356.26,181.82,6.99;28,264.70,366.24,169.81,6.99;28,264.70,376.22,169.84,6.99;28,264.70,386.14,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating Causal Effects of Treatments in Randomized and Nonrandomized Studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Rubin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Educational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="688" to="701" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,396.12,181.80,6.99;28,264.70,406.10,169.83,6.99;28,264.70,416.08,169.81,6.99;28,264.70,426.00,132.17,6.99" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Sociological Citizen: Recognizing Relational Interdependence in Law and Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><surname>Silbey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ruthanne</forename><surname>Huising</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Salo</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Coslovsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annee Sociologique</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="229" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,435.98,181.76,6.99;28,264.70,445.96,169.84,6.99;28,264.70,455.94,169.85,6.99;28,264.70,465.86,148.34,6.99" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Producing Change or Bagging Opportunity? The Effects of Discrimination Litigation on Women in Supermarket Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sheryl</forename><surname>Skaggs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1148" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,475.84,181.82,6.99;28,264.70,485.82,169.83,6.99;28,264.70,495.74,124.85,6.99" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Organizational Demography of Racial Employment Segregation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jesper</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Sørensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="626" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,505.72,181.77,6.99;28,264.70,515.70,169.82,6.99;28,264.70,525.68,169.84,6.99;28,264.70,535.60,169.83,6.99;28,264.70,545.58,169.81,6.99;28,264.70,555.56,119.66,6.99" xml:id="b83">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Promoting Career Enhancing Relationships: The Role of the Human Resource Professional</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathy</forename><surname>Kram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>M. London and E. More</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<publisher>Greenwood</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="66" />
			<pubPlace>Westport, CT</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Employee Career Development and the Human Resource Professional</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,565.53,181.76,6.99;28,264.70,575.46,169.84,6.99;28,264.70,585.44,167.03,6.99" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Gender Trap: Flexible Work in Corporate Legal Practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margaret</forename><surname>Thornton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joanne</forename><surname>Bagust</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Osgoode Hall Law Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="773" to="811" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,252.74,595.42,181.77,6.99;28,264.70,605.34,169.87,6.99;28,264.70,615.32,169.87,6.99;28,264.70,625.30,162.79,6.99" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a Theory of Organizational Socialization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Van Maanen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edgar</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<editor>B. M. Staw</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Greenwich, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="264" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
