<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Are Donations to Charity an Effective Incentive for Public Officials?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
							<email>daniel.butler@</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Political Science</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of California</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>San Diego</addrLine>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Miguel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Pereira</surname></persName>
							<email>m.pereira@wustl.edu</email>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Political Science</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Washington University in St. Louis</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Saint Louis</settlement>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Are Donations to Charity an Effective Incentive for Public Officials?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Experimental Political Science</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="70"/>
							<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>The replication archive for this study is available at Journal of Experimental Political Science Dataverse within the Harvard Dataverse Network at: doi: 10.7910/DVN/KSKR7F. We thank Sarah Anderson, Laurel Harbidge, and our anonymous referees for their thoughtful comments. We also thank Joan Barceló, David Carlson, Dino Hadzic, and Jeffrey Ziegler in assisting us with the data collection process. This work was supported by the Weidenbaum Center. We received permission from the Human Research Protection Office at Washington University in St. Louis to carry out these studies prior to carrying them out (IRB protocol #201506136). The authors declare no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article. 1 See Appendix A1 for more on how we recruited participants. 2 Appendix A2 provides the text of the treatment language. 3 See appendices A2 and A3 for the design and test of the questionnaire. C The Experimental Research Section of the American Political Science Association 2017 Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https:// Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 11 Apr 2019 at 20:25:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:54+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Incentivized experiments are frequently used to learn about individuals' social, political, and economic behavior. However, public officials and other individuals are sometimes barred from accepting payment for anything related to their position, so money cannot be used in experiments (e.g., Butler and Kousser 2015). We assess whether donations to charity can be used to incentivize public officials, as an alternative to traditional monetary inducements.</p><p>We conducted our tests at the National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL) and the National League of Cities (NLC), where we rented a booth in the exhibit hall and recruited attendees to take a survey. 1 For the study, we randomized what, if any, incentives the officials received. One-third of officials were not given any incentive for their performance, another third were told that they would be paid based upon their performance, and the final third were told that money would be donated to a charity of their choice and that the amount of money would depend upon their performance. 2 <ref type="table" coords="1,45.02,375.49,30.36,9.09">Table 1</ref> presents the effect of different incentives on the two outcomes we looked at. 3 Column 1 looks at the results from a quiz designed to measure political</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Incentivized experiments are frequently used to learn about individuals' social, political, and economic behavior. However, public officials and other individuals are sometimes barred from accepting payment for anything related to their position, so money cannot be used in experiments (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,271.21,228.04,106.21,9.09" target="#b2">Butler and Kousser 2015)</ref>. We assess whether donations to charity can be used to incentivize public officials, as an alternative to traditional monetary inducements.</p><p>We conducted our tests at the National Conference of State Legislatures (NCSL) and the National League of Cities (NLC), where we rented a booth in the exhibit hall and recruited attendees to take a survey. 1 For the study, we randomized what, if any, incentives the officials received. One-third of officials were not given any incentive for their performance, another third were told that they would be paid based upon their performance, and the final third were told that money would be donated to a charity of their choice and that the amount of money would depend upon their performance. 2 <ref type="table" coords="1,45.02,375.49,30.36,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> presents the effect of different incentives on the two outcomes we looked at. 3 Column 1 looks at the results from a quiz designed to measure political Daniel M. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,89.84,27.88,110.09,8.01">Butler and Miguel M. Pereira</ref>  knowledge. The dependent variable measures, for each individual, the average distance from the correct answers. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.89,226.82,3.49,6.36">4</ref> The coefficients for both types of incentives were statistically significant at the 0.05 level and had a negative coefficient around −0.02, showing that individuals who received the incentives were closer to getting the correct answers. This effect is smaller than what previous researchers found when studying the effect of incentives on voters <ref type="bibr" coords="2,230.52,276.17,86.64,9.09" target="#b0">(Bullock et al. 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,320.44,276.17,71.32,9.09">Prior et al. 2015)</ref>, but it is still substantively meaningful. The average value of the dependent variable was 0.29. Thus, receiving the incentives caused respondents to reduce their error rate by 7-9% ( −0.021 0.29 = −0.07 and −0.027 0.29 = −0.09). These findings are consistent with previous results showing that respondents reduce their error rate when they are incentivized (see review in <ref type="bibr" coords="2,176.31,335.94,116.01,9.09" target="#b7">Morton and Williams 2010)</ref>.</p><p>We also tested whether the types of incentives caused a change in how risk averse the participants were (see Column 2). We measured risk aversion using the survey item developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,127.36,379.77,114.47,9.09" target="#b3">Eckel and Grossman (2002)</ref>. The results show that the incentives have no statistically distinguishable effect on officials' risk aversion.</p><p>There is interest in expanding the types of subject pools we use for experiments <ref type="bibr" coords="2,49.39,423.61,77.23,9.09" target="#b5">(Kam et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.63,423.61,51.00,9.09" target="#b4">Grose 2014)</ref>. As we expand the subject pool for incentivized experiments, we need to ensure that the type of incentives adopted are effective for the population we are studying <ref type="bibr" coords="2,200.38,447.53,61.56,9.09" target="#b6">(Morton 2012)</ref>. Our results suggest that when direct payments are not possible (see e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,227.96,459.48,107.10,9.09" target="#b2">Butler and Kousser 2015)</ref>, donations to charity are a promising alternative that can be used to incentivize public officials or other participants who cannot accept direct payments.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIALS</head><p>To view supplementary material for this article, please visit https://doi.org/10. 1017/XPS.2017.20</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,49.38,57.31,346.71,137.37"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>The Effect of Incentives on Performance and Risk Aversion</figDesc><table coords="2,49.38,85.77,346.71,108.92">(1) 
(2) 
Dependent variable 
Av. distance from correct answer 
Gamble choice 
Model 
OLS 
Ordered probit 

Incentive: Money for self 
− 0.026  *  
0.297 
(0.011) 
(0.189) 
Incentive: Money for charity 
− 0.021  *  
0.010 
(0.011) 
(0.176) 
Test site(s) 
NCSL and NLC 
NSCL 
Observations 
463 
208 

Note. Entries are coefficients with SEs in parentheses.  *  p &lt; 0.05 (two-sided). 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">Results are substantively similar when the analysis is done at the item level (see Appendix A3).Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/XPS.2017.20 Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 11 Apr 2019 at 20:25:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/XPS.2017.20 Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 11 Apr 2019 at 20:25:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,82.06,346.74,8.18;3,47.02,93.02,323.74,8.18" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Partisan Bias in Factual Beliefs about Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Bullock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Gerber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Seth</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gregory</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,103.97,346.72,8.18;3,47.02,114.93,334.77,8.18;3,47.02,125.90,97.92,8.18" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Replication Data for: Are Donations to Charity an Effective Incentive for Public Officials</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Miguel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Pereira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.7910/DVN/KSKR7F</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Harvard Dataverse, V3</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,136.85,346.73,8.18;3,47.02,147.81,228.15,8.18" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How do Public Goods Providers Play Public Goods Games?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thad</forename><surname>Kousser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Legislative Studies Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="251" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,158.77,346.70,8.18;3,47.02,169.73,334.76,8.18;3,47.02,180.69,29.32,8.18" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sex Differences and Statistical Stereotyping in Attitudes Toward Financial Risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Catherine</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Eckel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Grossman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="281" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,191.65,346.71,8.18;3,47.02,202.61,155.25,8.18" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Field Experimental Work on Political Institutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christian</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Grose</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,213.57,346.73,8.18;3,47.02,224.53,334.76,8.18;3,47.02,235.48,88.83,8.18" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond the &apos;Narrow Data Base&apos;: Another Convenience Sample for Experimental Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cindy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Kam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Jennifer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wilking</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Zechmeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="455" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,246.45,346.73,8.18;3,47.02,257.41,65.37,8.18" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Letter from the Desert</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Morton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Newsletter of the APSA Experimental Section</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2" to="7" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,35.06,268.36,346.72,8.18;3,47.02,279.32,320.28,8.18;3,35.06,290.29,346.71,8.18;3,47.02,301.24,334.74,8.18;3,47.02,312.20,199.35,8.18" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">You Cannot be Serious: The Impact of Accuracy Incentives on Partisan Bias in Reports of Economic Perceptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Morton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kenneth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="489" to="518" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Gaurav Sood, and Kabir Khanna</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Experimental Political Science and the Study of Causality: From Nature to the Lab</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
