<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Perfectionism and Self-conscious Emotions in British and Japanese Students: Predicting Pride and Embarrassment after Success and Failure</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joachim</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Kent</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Canterbury</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Osamu</forename><surname>Kobori</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Chiba University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Chiba</settlement>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yoshihiko</forename><surname>Tanno</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Tokyo</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Tokyo</settlement>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">School of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Kent</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>CT2 7NP</postCode>
									<settlement>Canterbury, Kent</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Perfectionism and Self-conscious Emotions in British and Japanese Students: Predicting Pride and Embarrassment after Success and Failure</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:18+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>perfectionism</term>
					<term>self-conscious emotions</term>
					<term>achievement</term>
					<term>success</term>
					<term>failure</term>
					<term>pride</term>
					<term>embarrassment</term>
					<term>cross-cultural comparisons</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Regarding self-conscious emotions, studies have shown that different forms of perfectionism show different relationships with pride, shame, and embarrassment depending on success and failure. What is unknown is whether these relationships also show cultural variations. Therefore, we conducted a study investigating how self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism predicted pride and embarrassment after success and failure by comparing 363 British and 352 Japanese students. Students were asked to respond to a set of scenarios where they imagined achieving either perfect (success) or flawed (failure) results. In both British and Japanese students, self-oriented perfectionism positively predicted pride after success and embarrassment after failure, whereas socially prescribed perfectionism predicted embarrassment after success and failure. Moreover, in Japanese students, socially prescribed perfectionism positively predicted pride after success and self-oriented perfectionism negatively predicted pride after failure. The findings have implications for our understanding of perfectionism, indicating that the perfectionism-pride relationship not only varies between perfectionism dimensions but may also show cultural variations.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Individuals with high levels of perfectionism are characterized by striving for flawlessness and setting exceedingly high standards for performance accompanied by tendencies for overly critical evaluations of their behaviour <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.66,467.39,63.29,8.80;1,48.02,479.35,22.70,8.80" target="#b17">(Flett &amp; Hewitt, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,74.84,479.35,178.59,8.80" target="#b20">Frost, Marten, Lahart, &amp; Rosenblate, 1990)</ref>. Consequently, it has been argued that such individuals regard all their achievements as underachievements and therefore are prone to experience shame and embarrassment and are unable to experience pride (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,153.98,527.37,90.97,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,249.73,527.37,40.33,8.80;1,48.02,539.39,17.85,8.80" target="#b49">Sorotzkin, 1985</ref>; see <ref type="bibr" coords="1,88.05,539.39,59.10,8.80" target="#b57">Tangney, 2002</ref> for a comprehensive review).</p><p>This argument, however, ignores that perfectionism has many faces <ref type="bibr" coords="1,97.40,563.37,62.40,8.80" target="#b3">(Benson, 2003)</ref> and is best conceptualized as a multidimensional personality characteristic <ref type="bibr" coords="1,233.86,575.39,56.12,8.80;1,48.02,587.36,22.70,8.80" target="#b20">(Frost et al., 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,74.55,587.36,89.32,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,167.70,587.36,122.24,8.80;1,48.02,599.37,59.94,8.80" target="#b48">Slaney, Rice, Mobley, Trippi, &amp; Ashby, 2001</ref>; see <ref type="bibr" coords="1,130.68,599.37,75.05,8.80" target="#b14">Enns &amp; Cox, 2002</ref> for a review). Moreover, it ignores findings that some forms of perfectionism show positive correlations with pride, particularly pride after success <ref type="bibr" coords="1,80.22,635.38,134.61,8.80" target="#b15">(Fedewa, Burns, &amp; Gomez, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,217.36,635.38,72.62,8.80;1,48.02,647.39,52.08,8.80" target="#b53">Stoeber, Harris, &amp; Moon, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,103.07,647.39,134.03,8.80" target="#b54">Stoeber, Kempe, &amp; Keogh, 2008)</ref>. Finally, the argument ignores that there may be cultural variations in the relationships of perfectionism and pride. Research has shown that people from Western cultures show marked differences compared with people from Asian cultures regarding selfconscious emotions like pride, shame, and embarrassment (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,69.45,719.40,111.86,8.80" target="#b35">Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1994)</ref>. Consequently, it may be important to take cultural differences into account when examining how different forms of perfectionism are related to self-conscious emotions following success and failure.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Perfectionism</head><p>Regarding multidimensional conceptualizations of perfectionism, one of the most prevalent and widely researched models is <ref type="bibr" coords="1,322.24,530.38,99.43,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt and Flett's (1991)</ref> model of perfectionism. With the recognition that perfectionism has personal and social aspects, the model differentiates two main forms of perfectionism: selforiented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism. 1 Self-oriented perfectionism is characterized by setting exceedingly high standards for oneself and comprises beliefs that striving for perfection and being perfect are important. In contrast, socially prescribed perfectionism comprises beliefs that others have high standards for oneself and that acceptance by others is conditional on fulfilling these standards <ref type="bibr" coords="1,515.45,638.38,39.51,8.80;1,313.00,650.40,40.31,8.80" target="#b21">(Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,353.31,650.40,23.92,8.80" target="#b43">, 2004</ref>.</p><p>Regarding the literature on self-oriented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism, the findings are in agreement that socially prescribed perfectionism is a maladaptive form of perfectionism showing strong and consistent positive correlations with indicators of psychological maladjustment such as general negative affect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,247.98,77.40,34.29,8.80;2,40.25,89.36,45.38,8.80" target="#b14">(Enns &amp; Cox, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,89.18,89.36,87.03,8.80" target="#b22">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 2004)</ref>. Self-oriented perfectionism, in comparison, appears to be a more adaptive form of perfectionism <ref type="bibr" coords="2,98.70,113.40,83.80,8.80" target="#b14">(Enns &amp; Cox, 2002)</ref>. Whereas some studies found that self-oriented perfectionism showed positive correlations with indicators of psychological maladjustment such as general negative affect (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,199.45,149.40,82.82,8.80;2,40.25,161.36,72.93,8.80" target="#b11">Dunkley, Zuroff, &amp; Blankstein, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,118.49,161.36,101.09,8.80" target="#b30">Kobori &amp; Tanno, 2005)</ref>, other studies found significant positive correlations with indicators of subjective well-being such as self-esteem and general positive affect (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,104.43,197.36,177.85,8.80;2,40.25,209.38,22.77,8.80" target="#b19">Frost, Heimberg, Holt, Mattia, &amp; Neubauer, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,66.78,209.38,215.46,8.80" target="#b37">Molnar, Reker, Culp, Sadava, &amp; DeCourville, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,40.25,221.40,155.51,8.80" target="#b63">Trumpeter, Watson, &amp; O'Leary, 2006)</ref>. Moreover, in factor analyses of multidimensional perfectionism measures, selforiented perfectionism always loaded on the factor representing more adaptive forms of perfectionism whereas socially prescribed perfectionism always loaded on the factor representing maladaptive forms (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,151.60,281.38,130.66,8.80" target="#b4">Bieling, Israeli, &amp; Antony, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,40.25,293.40,68.52,8.80" target="#b19">Frost et al., 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,111.23,293.40,97.18,8.80">see Stoeber &amp; Otto, 2006</ref>, for a comprehensive review). Therefore, the differentiation between selforiented and socially prescribed perfectionism is important when regarding relationships between perfectionism and how people feel about themselves. In particular, self-oriented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism can be expected to show different relationships with self-conscious emotions such as pride, shame, and embarrassment.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Perfectionism and self-conscious emotions</head><p>Self-conscious emotions are emotions that fundamentally involve an evaluation of the self <ref type="bibr" coords="2,176.94,437.40,66.87,8.80" target="#b57">(Tangney, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,247.47,437.40,34.78,8.80;2,40.25,449.37,69.06,8.80" target="#b58">Tangney &amp; Dearing, 2002)</ref>. Pride is a positive self-conscious emotion associated with feelings of accomplishment and satisfaction. Moreover, pride is associated with positive self-evaluations that contribute to a person's self-esteem and subjective wellbeing. In contrast, shame and embarrassment are negative self-conscious emotions. Shame involves a painful negative scrutiny of the entire self and feelings of worthlessness, powerlessness, and incompetence. Embarrassment is closely related to shame. However, embarrassment is a less intense emotion felt in response to more minor errors and transgressions. Compared with shame, embarrassment is usually experienced as less serious and less deeply painful <ref type="bibr" coords="2,242.25,581.40,39.95,8.80;2,40.25,593.37,65.16,8.80" target="#b12">(Edelstein &amp; Shaver, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.77,593.37,62.39,8.80" target="#b57">Tangney, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,172.52,593.37,105.45,8.80" target="#b58">Tangney &amp; Dearing, 2002)</ref>.</p><p>A number of studies have investigated how self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism relate to proneness to experience pride and shame (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,185.44,629.37,96.80,8.80" target="#b16">Fee &amp; Tangney, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,40.25,641.39,91.07,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,135.72,641.39,146.54,8.80;2,40.25,653.41,49.80,8.80" target="#b28">Klibert, Langhinrichsen-Rohling, &amp; Saito, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,94.28,653.41,102.64,8.80" target="#b33">Lutwak &amp; Ferrari, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,201.15,653.41,64.26,8.80" target="#b57">Tangney, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,269.63,653.41,12.59,8.80;2,40.25,665.37,83.16,8.80">see Stoeber et al., 2007</ref> for a comprehensive review). Across these studies, only socially prescribed perfectionism consistently showed positive correlations with proneness to shame. In contrast, self-oriented perfectionism showed positive correlations with proneness to shame only in some studies, but not in others. Moreover, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,154.77,725.41,63.86,8.80" target="#b57">Tangney (2002)</ref> found that only socially prescribed perfectionism showed a positive correlation with proneness to embarrassment, but not self-oriented perfectionism. None of these studies found that self-oriented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism showed significant negative correlations with proneness to pride, calling into question the notion that perfectionists are generally unable to experience pride (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,483.37,101.39,63.86,8.80;2,305.29,113.40,22.70,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,331.03,113.40,65.48,8.80" target="#b49">Sorotzkin, 1985)</ref>.</p><p>On the contrary, people high in self-oriented perfectionism may experience more pride than people low in selforiented perfectionism-but only if they achieve perfect results. The first evidence for this was found in a study that investigated how self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism predicted emotional reactions to success and failure <ref type="bibr" coords="2,334.55,197.37,84.99,8.80" target="#b54">(Stoeber et al., 2008)</ref>. Students were presented with the task of finding errors in a series of cartoons. Half of the students were assigned to the success condition: They were told that each cartoon contained five errors, and all cartoons in the series did contain five errors. The other half of the students were assigned to the failure condition: They too were told that each cartoon contained five errors, but the last cartoon in the series contained only four errors. After the task, students completed measures of state pride and shame. Results showed that self-oriented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism showed positive correlations with shame after failure: Students with high levels of either form of perfectionism who failed to achieve a perfect result (finding all errors in all cartoons except the last one) experienced more shame than students with low levels of perfectionism who failed to achieve a perfect result. In contrast, self-oriented perfectionism showed a positive correlation with pride after achieving a perfect result (finding all errors in all cartoons): Students high in self-oriented perfectionism experienced more pride than students low in self-oriented perfectionism.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Cultural variations in self-conscious emotions</head><p>It is important to note that there are cultural variations in how people experience self-conscious emotions. Because of cultural norms, people from some cultures display certain emotions more frequently than people from other cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="2,305.29,533.39,86.86,8.80" target="#b13">(Eid &amp; Diener, 2001)</ref>. Moreover, the self is viewed differently depending on the predominant cultural norms, and this affects the experience and the evaluation of self-conscious emotions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,344.92,569.39,113.51,8.80" target="#b34">(Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991)</ref>. In cultures in which individualism has a strong tradition, such as Western cultures (particularly European-American cultures), people tend to have an independent conception of the self: the self is construed in terms of the psychological qualities that are distinct from others. In cultures in which collectivism has a strong tradition, such as Asian cultures (particularly East-Asian cultures), people tend to have an interdependent conception of the self: the self is construed in terms of people's roles within their family and social relationships. Consequently, people in traditionally collectivistic cultures tend to view themselves primarily in terms of their connections with others <ref type="bibr" coords="2,460.02,701.36,87.21,8.80;2,305.29,713.38,22.08,8.80" target="#b34">(Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,329.94,713.38,54.37,8.80" target="#b61">Triandis, 1995</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,391.25,713.38,16.73,8.80" target="#b62">Triandis, , 1997</ref>. The different views of the self have consequences for the evaluation of pride and shame. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,498.11,737.36,49.12,8.80;2,305.29,749.38,65.80,8.80" target="#b34">Markus and Kitayama (1991)</ref>, shame is a negative but interpersonally engaged emotion. Shame is painful, but in highlighting acceptance of the social norms, it makes people feel engaged with others. Consequently, shame is an emotion that is valued more positively and is more desirable and more openly displayed in collectivistic cultures than in individualistic cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="3,100.06,113.40,111.65,8.80" target="#b25">(Kitayama &amp; Markus, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,213.96,113.40,75.99,8.80;3,48.02,125.36,85.63,8.80" target="#b27">Kitayama, Markus, &amp; Matsumoto, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,137.43,125.36,112.96,8.80" target="#b34">Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,254.16,125.36,35.82,8.80;3,48.02,137.38,43.94,8.80" target="#b64">Wong &amp; Tsai, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>In contrast, pride is a positive but interpersonally disengaged emotion <ref type="bibr" coords="3,110.55,161.36,113.05,8.80" target="#b34">(Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991)</ref>. Pride is enjoyable, but in highlighting individual achievement, it makes people distinct from others. Pride often results from accomplishing one's goals or affirming some internal attributes (e.g. 'I am special'), which reinforces the separateness of the self from others <ref type="bibr" coords="3,132.04,221.40,93.09,8.80" target="#b27">(Kitayama et al., 1995)</ref>. Because pride is self-focusing and separates the individual from the group, it is often seen as inappropriate in collectivistic cultures compared with individualistic cultures. Consequently, pride is valued less positively, is less desirable, and is less openly displayed in collectivistic cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="3,134.75,281.38,85.83,8.80" target="#b13">(Eid &amp; Diener, 2001)</ref>. Pride is a truly positive emotion only in individualistic cultures. In collectivistic cultures, pride is an ambivalent emotion. This was illustrated by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,62.81,317.38,205.29,8.80" target="#b45">Scollon, Diener, Oishi, and Biswas-Diener (2005)</ref> who conducted a large-scale study using factor analysis to examine emotion frequency and intensity in samples from different cultures. They found two factors: a pleasant emotions factor and an unpleasant emotions factor. Whereas pride loaded on the pleasant emotions factor in the Western samples, it loaded on both factors-the pleasant emotions factor and the unpleasant emotions factor-in the Asian samples.</p><p>The findings have consequences for research on perfectionism and self-conscious emotions. If pride (because it is positive, but interpersonally disengaged) is regarded as an ambivalent emotion in collectivistic cultures compared with individualistic cultures, the experience of pride may be less positive in collectivistic cultures than in individualistic cultures. Consequently, pride may show cultural variations in how it is related to positive/adaptive versus negative/ maladaptive forms of perfectionism. In the same vein, if shame (because it is negative, but interpersonally engaged) is regarded as a less negative emotion in collectivistic cultures compared with individualistic cultures, shame may show cultural variations in how it is related to the different forms of perfectionism.</p><p>A number of studies have investigated cultural differences in the experience of self-conscious emotions. Many of the studies focused on pride and shame, comparing students from the USA (a society with a traditionally individualistic culture) with students from Japan (a society with a traditionally collectivistic culture). Across studies, Japanese students indicated less pride and more shame than US students (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,111.23,653.41,178.69,8.80;3,48.02,665.37,22.70,8.80" target="#b1">Bear, Uribe-Zarain, Manning, &amp; Shiomi, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,75.17,665.37,108.04,8.80" target="#b24">Imahori &amp; Cupach, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,187.65,665.37,102.31,8.80;3,48.02,677.39,127.14,8.80" target="#b32">Lewis, Takai-Kawakami, Kawakami, &amp; Sullivan, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,180.40,677.39,109.58,8.80;3,48.02,689.41,87.48,8.80" target="#b44">Scollon, Diener, Oishi, &amp; Biswas-Diener, 2004)</ref>, corroborating the view that people in collectivistic cultures are less likely to feel and display pride and more likely to feel and display shame than people in individualistic cultures. In contrast, the case for embarrassment is less clear. A number of studies have examined embarrassability (the disposition to be easily embarrassed), comparing Asians and people from European descent and found that Asians report higher levels of embarrassability than Westerners of European descent (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,492.38,77.40,62.60,8.80;3,313.00,89.37,100.09,8.80" target="#b47">Singelis, Bond, Sharkey, &amp; Kriss, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,416.92,89.37,107.38,8.80" target="#b46">Singelis &amp; Sharkey, 1995)</ref>. However, when concrete experiences of embarrassment were examined, the findings were less clear as was demonstrated in two studies comparing Japanese and US students <ref type="bibr" coords="3,520.50,125.37,34.43,8.80;3,313.00,137.39,70.15,8.80" target="#b24">(Imahori &amp; Cupach, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,386.59,137.39,75.01,8.80" target="#b32">Lewis et al., 2010)</ref>. Whereas <ref type="bibr" coords="3,507.35,137.39,47.61,8.80;3,313.00,149.40,26.44,8.80" target="#b32">Lewis et al. (2010)</ref> found that Japanese students experienced embarrassment more often compared with US students, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,505.42,161.37,49.58,8.80;3,313.00,173.39,60.65,8.80" target="#b24">Imahori and Cupach (1994)</ref> found that US students experienced embarrassment more often than Japanese students.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The present study</head><p>So far, only one study has investigated cultural differences in perfectionism, comparing US and Japanese students <ref type="bibr" coords="3,523.79,245.39,31.19,8.80;3,313.00,257.41,96.60,8.80" target="#b8">(Chang, Chang, &amp; Sanna, 2012)</ref>. The study examined performance perfectionism, which is a multidimensional conception of perfectionism regarding positive versus negative consequences for performance that can result from self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,443.62,305.37,55.00,8.80" target="#b7">Chang, 2006</ref> for details). Japanese students showed lower levels of positive self-oriented performance perfectionism (self-oriented perfectionism that is perceived as having positive consequences for performance) and higher levels of negative socially prescribed performance perfectionism (socially prescribed perfectionism that is perceived as having negative consequences for performance) compared with US students. The findings indicate that Japanese students regarded self-oriented perfectionism as having fewer positive consequences and socially prescribed perfectionism as having more negative consequences, compared with US students. This suggests that self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism may have different consequences in people from traditionally collectivistic cultures compared with people from traditionally individualistic cultures. The question is if these consequences also include self-conscious emotions and reactions to success and failure.</p><p>The aim of the present study was to investigate the relationships between perfectionism and self-conscious emotions after success and failure, comparing people from a traditionally collectivistic culture (Japanese students) with people from a traditionally individualistic culture (White British students). Regarding perfectionism, we followed <ref type="bibr" coords="3,528.10,569.39,26.83,8.80;3,313.00,581.41,71.34,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt and Flett's (1991)</ref> model examining self-oriented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism. Regarding selfconscious emotions, we examined pride and embarrassment after success and failure using everyday scenarios describing perfect achievements (success) and flawed achievements (failure). The reason we examined embarrassment rather than shame was that cross-cultural semantic studies have indicated that-although shame and embarrassment are close neighbours in semantic space-the Japanese word for ashamed/embarrassed (hazukashii) is broader than the English term and appears to be semantically closer to the English word embarrassed than the English word ashamed <ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.00,725.40,57.24,8.80" target="#b43">(Rusch, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,374.06,725.40,180.93,8.80;3,313.00,737.36,21.43,8.80">also Crystal, Parrott, Okazaki, &amp; Watanabe, 2001)</ref>. Moreover, the failures presented in the everyday scenarios were rather minor. Therefore, embarrassment appeared to be the more appropriate emotion.</p><p>From the literature and the previous findings reviewed in the introduction, we formulated a number of expectations. First, following the findings of <ref type="bibr" coords="4,178.02,89.36,83.26,8.80" target="#b8">Chang et al. (2012)</ref>, we expected Japanese students to show lower self-oriented perfectionism and higher socially prescribed perfectionism than British students. Second, following the literature on crosscultural differences in the experience of pride <ref type="bibr" coords="4,223.09,137.38,59.19,8.80;4,40.25,149.40,22.77,8.80" target="#b13">(Eid &amp; Diener, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,67.63,149.40,94.30,8.80" target="#b27">Kitayama et al., 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,166.56,149.40,115.68,8.80" target="#b34">Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,40.25,161.36,78.75,8.80" target="#b45">Scollon et al., 2005)</ref>, we expected Japanese students to show less pride than British students. Finally, following previous studies on perfectionism and pride and shame after success and failure <ref type="bibr" coords="4,87.02,197.36,84.19,8.80" target="#b54">(Stoeber et al., 2008)</ref>, we expected self-oriented perfectionism to show positive relationships with pride after success (perfect achievements) and embarrassment after failure (flawed achievements). In contrast, we expected socially prescribed perfectionism to show positive relationships with embarrassment after success and failure. Regarding further differences, our study was more exploratory. In particular, because of the contradictory findings regarding the experience of embarrassment in Japanese versus US students <ref type="bibr" coords="4,76.25,305.36,108.14,8.80" target="#b24">(Imahori &amp; Cupach, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,187.88,305.36,75.07,8.80" target="#b32">Lewis et al., 2010)</ref>, we had no specific expectations regarding differences between Japanese and British students in the experience of embarrassment. Moreover, from the findings of Chang et al. <ref type="formula" coords="4,239.42,341.36,24.81,8.80">(2012)</ref>, we expected Japanese and British students to show differences in the relationships of perfectionism and self-conscious emotions as a consequence of success and failure. However, as the present study was the first to investigate cross-cultural differences in these relationships, we had no specific expectations regarding the direction of such differences.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHOD Participants</head><p>Two samples of students were recruited, one at a British university and one at a Japanese university. Because Britain is a multicultural society (Home Office, 2007), we restricted our study to White students born and raised in the British Isles (Great Britain and Ireland, subsequently referred to as British students) and compared them with Japanese students born and raised in Japan (subsequently referred to as Japanese students) to make sure that we were comparing students from a traditionally individualistic culture (White British students born and raised in the British Isles) to students from a traditionally collectivistic culture (Japanese students born and raised in Japan). At the British university, 366 students (111 men, 255 women; M age = 20.3 years, SD = 3.6) who indicated that they were White, born and raised in the UK or Ireland, and native English speakers were recruited. At the Japanese university, 357 students (252 men, 105 women; M age = 19.8, SD = 2.0) who indicated that they were Japanese, born and raised in Japan, and native Japanese speakers were recruited. With this, the total sample comprised 723 students (363 men, 360 women; M age = 20.1 years, SD = 2.9). The British students volunteered to participate in the study for extra course credit or a participant fee of £3 (approximately $5). The Japanese students volunteered without receiving any compensation.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Perfectionism</head><p>To measure self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism, we used the respective scales of the Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale <ref type="bibr" coords="4,393.96,119.36,95.16,8.80" target="#b21">(Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,489.12,119.36,27.89,8.80" target="#b43">, 2004</ref>. The Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale is a widely used, reliable, and valid instrument to measure self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism <ref type="bibr" coords="4,438.41,155.36,79.69,8.80" target="#b14">(Enns &amp; Cox, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,520.39,155.36,26.83,8.80;4,305.29,167.38,53.60,8.80" target="#b21">Hewitt &amp; Flett, 1991</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,358.90,167.38,25.34,8.80" target="#b43">, 2004</ref>. It comprises 15 items capturing selforiented perfectionism (e.g. 'I demand nothing less than perfection of myself') and 15 items capturing socially prescribed perfectionism (e.g. 'People expect nothing less than perfection from me') on a 7-point answer scale from 1 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree). British students completed the original version of the scales <ref type="bibr" coords="4,449.18,239.38,93.78,8.80" target="#b22">(Hewitt &amp; Flett, 2004)</ref>, which has demonstrated reliability and validity in numerous studies with British students (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,448.10,263.36,99.11,8.80;4,305.29,275.37,22.70,8.80" target="#b39">O'Connor &amp; O'Connor, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,330.92,275.37,136.94,8.80" target="#b52">Stoeber, Feast, &amp; Hayward, 2009;</ref>. Japanese students completed the Japanese version of the scales <ref type="bibr" coords="4,345.66,299.35,99.27,8.80" target="#b40">(Ohtani &amp; Sakurai, 1995)</ref>, which has demonstrated comparable reliability and validity in studies with Japanese students (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,361.47,323.39,95.66,8.80" target="#b30">Kobori &amp; Tanno, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,460.18,323.39,87.07,8.80;4,305.29,335.35,56.38,8.80" target="#b31">Kobori, Yamagata, &amp; Kijima, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,365.50,335.35,100.24,8.80" target="#b40">Ohtani &amp; Sakurai, 1995)</ref>. With self-oriented perfectionism scores showing Cronbach's alphas of .91 (British) and .89 (Japanese) and socially prescribed perfectionism scores showing alphas of .85 (British) and .80 (Japanese), all scores showed satisfactory internal consistencies <ref type="bibr" coords="4,323.60,395.39,118.83,8.80" target="#b38">(Nunnally &amp; Bernstein, 1994)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pride and embarrassment</head><p>To measure pride and embarrassment after success and failure, we created 14 scenarios describing events in which the protagonist achieves either a perfect result or a flawed result. For example, the success version (perfect achievement) of Scenario 1 read: 'Birthday card. You are invited to a friend's birthday and have bought a very nice and expensive birthday card to go with your present. You add a few personal lines to the birthday card in your very best handwriting, and the card really looks perfect.' In comparison, the failure version (flawed achievement) read: 'Birthday card. You are invited to a friend's birthday and have bought a very nice and expensive birthday card to go with your present. You add a few personal lines to the birthday card in your very best handwriting, but when you hand over the card you notice that you have misspelled your friend's name. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,512.95,605.38,4.53,8.80">'</ref> To ensure that all scenarios were relevant for students in both cultures, the scenarios were simultaneously developed in English and Japanese by the first and second authors using standard backtranslation procedures recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,520.90,653.40,26.37,8.80;4,305.29,665.37,21.13,8.80" target="#b5">Brislin (1970</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,334.15,665.37,16.93,8.80" target="#b6">Brislin ( , 1986</ref>. To cover a broad range of different situations that were relevant for British and Japanese students and so that these students could imagine themselves experiencing the situation, the scenarios comprised various personal and interpersonal situations ranging from private situations (where success/failure was evident only to the protagonist) to ambivalent situations (where it was unclear if success/failure was noted by others) to public situations (where success/failure was evident to the protagonist and others; see Appendix).</p><p>Because we wanted all participants to respond to perfect and flawed results, two versions of the scenarios were constructed. In Version 1, the even-numbered scenarios were presented with the perfect result, and the odd-numbered with the flawed result. In Version 2, it was the other way round. Participants were instructed to carefully read the description of each situation, imagine vividly that the situation was happening to them, and then indicate how much pride (Japanese: hokori) and embarrassment (Japanese: hazukashisa) they would feel if this situation happened to them on a 6-point answer scale from 0 (not at all) to 5 (extremely). To obtain overall scores for pride and embarrassment, we computed average scores across the responses to the seven perfect scenarios and the seven flawed scenarios, respectively. With Cronbach's alphas between .72 and .87, all scores showed satisfactory internal consistencies. 2</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Preliminary analyses</head><p>Manipulation check First, we computed pairwise t-tests to examine whether the students reacted to the manipulation of the scenarios in the intended direction: that is, (i) higher pride after perfect achievements compared with flawed achievements and (ii) higher embarrassment after flawed achievements compared with perfect achievements. This was confirmed: both differences were in the intended direction and were significant <ref type="table" coords="5,246.34,379.40,34.50,8.80" target="#tab_0">(Table 1)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Transformations</head><p>Next, we inspected the distribution of the scores. As expected, embarrassment after perfect achievements and pride after flawed achievements showed L-shaped distributions. Most participants responded with a score of 0 (not at all) when asked how much embarrassment they would feel after achieving a perfect result and how much pride they would feel after a flawed result. Consequently, following recommendations by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,140.88,501.41,127.21,8.80" target="#b55">Tabachnick and Fidell (2007)</ref>, we transformed these scores using the formula for L-shaped distributions with zero (in SPSS syntax): NEWX = À1 / (X À 1).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Outliers</head><p>Because outliers can severely distort the results of correlation and regression analyses, we inspected the data for univariate and multivariate outliers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,147.69,587.41,112.26,8.80" target="#b55">(Tabachnick &amp; Fidell, 2007)</ref>. Three participants showed z values larger than the critical value of z = 3.29, p &lt; .001, indicating that they were univariate outliers. A further five participants showed a Mahalanobis distance larger than the critical value of w²(9) = 27.88, p &lt; .001, indicating that they were multivariate outliers. The eight participants were excluded from further analyses. With this, our final sample comprised N = 715 (363 British, 352 Japanese) students.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analytic strategy</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Correlations</head><p>When bivariate correlations between the variables were computed <ref type="table" coords="5,337.89,263.64,32.32,8.80" target="#tab_1">(Table 2</ref>, correlations below the diagonal), gender and version showed significant correlations with culture (British, Japanese). The reason for this was that the Japanese sample (70% men, 30% women) comprised a significantly higher percentage of men than the British sample (30% men, 70% women). Furthermore, because of a clerical error, more students in the Japanese sample received Version 2 of the scenarios (61%) than Version 1 (41%), whereas both versions were equally distributed in the British sample (Version 1: 50%; Version 2: 50%). Consequently, we computed partial correlations controlling for gender and version (Table 2, correlations above the diagonal) to control for these effects and focused on these correlations in the results section.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Regression analyses</head><p>To examine differences between British and Japanese students in how the two forms of perfectionism predicted pride and embarrassment, we computed moderated regression analyses using effect coding for culture, gender, and version as recommended for designs with no explicit control group <ref type="bibr" coords="5,313.00,509.52,157.80,8.80" target="#b9">(Cohen, Cohen, West, &amp; Aiken, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,474.30,509.52,80.67,8.80;5,313.00,521.54,57.38,8.80">also Frazier, Tix, &amp; Barron, 2004)</ref>. The regression analyses comprised three steps. In Step 1, we entered gender (coded À1 = male, 1 = female) and version (coded À1 = Version 1, 1 = Version 2) to control for the effects of gender and version. In Step 2, we entered culture (coded À1 = British, 1 = Japanese), selforiented perfectionism, and socially prescribed perfectionism. Finally, in Step 3, we entered the interactions of culture Â selforiented perfectionism and culture Â socially prescribed perfectionism to examine whether perfectionism showed different relationships with pride and embarrassment in Japanese compared with British students.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Correlations</head><p>Regarding the partial correlations controlling for gender and version (Table 2, correlations above the diagonal), we first examined the correlations involving culture. As expected, Japanese students showed lower self-oriented perfectionism (pr = À.09) and higher socially prescribed perfectionism (pr = .11) than British students. In addition, Japanese students showed less pride after perfect achievements (pr = À.33) and after flawed achievements (pr = À.13). Moreover, they showed more embarrassment after perfect achievements (pr = .10; see <ref type="table" coords="6,40.25,375.15,30.91,8.80" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> for the associated significances and <ref type="table" coords="6,220.76,375.15,30.85,8.80" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> for the estimated means and standard errors corresponding to these correlations). Next, we examined the correlations between perfectionism, pride, and embarrassment. As expected, self-oriented perfectionism showed a positive correlation with pride after perfect achievements (pr = .27) and with embarrassment after flawed achievements (pr = .29): Students high in selforiented perfectionism imagined experiencing more pride after perfect achievements and more embarrassment after flawed achievements compared with students low in self-oriented perfectionism. Furthermore as was expected, socially prescribed perfectionism showed a positive correlation with embarrassment after perfect achievements (pr = .17) and after flawed achievements (pr = .30): Students high in socially prescribed perfectionism imagined experiencing more embarrassment compared with students low in socially prescribed perfectionism regardless of whether they achieved perfection (success) or failed to achieve perfection (failure). Unexpectedly, socially prescribed perfectionism also showed a positive correlation with pride after perfect achievements (pr = .15). As this finding runs contrary to previous findings on socially prescribed perfectionism and pride <ref type="bibr" coords="6,513.81,447.15,33.40,8.80;6,305.29,459.12,45.58,8.80" target="#b54">(Stoeber et al., 2008)</ref>, we turned to the regression analyses to examine whether differences between Japanese and British students were responsible for this unexpected finding.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Regression analyses</head><p>The results of the regression analyses confirmed that this was the case. The regression analyses showed a significant interaction of culture and socially prescribed perfectionism on pride after perfect achievements <ref type="table" coords="6,452.13,569.38,36.75,8.80">(Table 4,</ref> Step 3, pride, perfect achievements), indicating cultural variations in the relationships between socially prescribed perfectionism and pride after success. To investigate the nature of this interaction, regression graphs for values of 1 SD above and below the mean of socially prescribed perfectionism were plotted separately for Japanese and British students with the slopes tested for significance <ref type="bibr" coords="6,401.10,653.40,85.19,8.80" target="#b9">(Cohen et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,490.96,653.40,56.29,8.80;6,305.29,665.37,21.43,8.80" target="#b18">Frazier et al., 2004)</ref>. Results showed that socially prescribed perfectionism was positively associated with pride only in Japanese students (b = 0.23, SE = 0.07, b = .19, p &lt; .001, semipartial correlation [sr] = .11), but not in British students (b = 0.00, SE = 0.06, b = .00, p = .946, sr = .00). Differing from British students, Japanese students with higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism reported more pride than Japanese students with lower levels of socially prescribed perfectionism when achievements were perfect <ref type="figure" coords="6,456.55,761.40,35.66,8.80" target="#fig_1">(Figure 1</ref>). .29*** .30*** .48*** .24*** .12** -8. Gender (À1 = male, 1 = female) À.40*** .08* À.03 .19*** À.19*** À.05 .00 9. Version (À1 = Version 1, 1 = Version 2 )</p><p>.09* À.01 À.02 À.12** .21*** .11** À.03 .01</p><p>Note. N = 715 (363 British, 352 Japanese). Correlations below the diagonal = bivariate correlations; correlations above the diagonal = partial correlations controlling for gender and version. Version: Version 1 (even-numbered scenarios = perfect; odd-numbered scenarios = flawed), Version 2 (odd-numbered scenarios = perfect; even-numbered scenarios flawed) (see section on Measures). Embarrassment (perfect achievements) and pride (flawed achievements) = transformed scores (see section on Transformations). *p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .01. ***p &lt; .001.  <ref type="table" coords="6,74.18,742.71,21.72,7.04" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Line 1, Columns 2-7. Except for embarrassment after flawed achievements, all differences were significant. See <ref type="table" coords="6,193.03,752.69,22.90,7.04" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> for the corresponding significance levels.</p><p>In addition, culture showed a significant interaction with self-oriented perfectionism on pride after flawed achievements <ref type="table" coords="7,74.67,605.10,36.30,8.80">(Table 4,</ref> Step 3, pride, flawed achievements). Again, regression graphs were plotted to investigate the nature of this interaction. Self-oriented perfectionism was negatively associated with pride in Japanese students (b = À0.04, SE = 0.02, b = À .16, p &lt; .05, sr = À.09), but not in British students (b = 0.00, SE = 0.01, b = .01, p = .802, sr = .01). Differing from British students, Japanese students with higher levels of self-oriented perfectionism reported less pride than Japanese students with lower levels of self-oriented perfectionism when achievements were flawed <ref type="figure" coords="7,212.37,713.10,38.95,8.80" target="#fig_0">(Figure 2)</ref>.</p><p>Else, the results of the regression analyses confirmed the findings from the partial correlations corroborating that the two forms of perfectionism showed differential patterns with pride and embarrassment (cf <ref type="figure" coords="7,163.62,761.06,67.46,8.80" target="#fig_1">. Tables 1 and 4</ref>). In line with previous findings <ref type="bibr" coords="7,384.89,581.06,82.55,8.80" target="#b54">(Stoeber et al., 2008)</ref>, self-oriented perfectionism was positively associated with pride after perfect achievements. In contrast, socially prescribed perfectionism was positively associated with embarrassment after perfect achievements. Moreover, both forms of perfectionism were positively associated with embarrassment after flawed achievements.</p><p>The regression analyses, however, failed to confirm the cultural differences in embarrassment we found in the partial correlations. Instead, British and Japanese students showed comparable levels of embarrassment after success and failure. Moreover, they showed comparable relationships between perfectionism and embarrassment. Although there was a significant positive partial correlation between culture and embarrassment after perfect achievements, suggesting that Japanese students experienced more embarrassment after <ref type="table" coords="7,48.02,64.06,26.28,7.92">Table 4</ref>. Predicting pride and embarrassment: effects of culture and perfectionism (controlling for gender and version)</p><p>Step and variable Pride Embarrassment</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="7,251.32,100.80,298.05,10.19">ΔR 2 b sr ΔR 2 b sr</formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Perfect achievements</head><p>Step 1 .050*** .082*** Gender (À1 = male, 1 = female)</p><p>.19*** .19 À.19*** À.19 Version (À1 = Version 1, 1 = Version 2) À.12** À.12 .21*** .21</p><p>Step 2</p><p>.163*** .037*** Gender .04 .04 À.15*** À.14 Version À.08* À.08 .21*** .21 Culture (À1 = British, 1 = Japanese) À.34*** À. Note. N = 715 (363 British, 352 Japanese). sr = semipartial correlation. Version: Version 1 (even-numbered scenarios = perfect; odd-numbered scenarios = flawed), Version 2 (odd-numbered scenarios = perfect; even-numbered scenarios flawed) (section on Measures). Pride after flawed achievement and embarrassment after perfect achievement scores were transformed prior to the analyses (see section on Preliminary Analyses for details). The significance levels of the semipartial correlations are the same as those of the corresponding standardized regression coefficients (bs). *p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .01. ***p &lt; .001.</p><p>success than British students <ref type="table" coords="8,161.29,277.70,36.63,8.80" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>, this correlation became nonsignificant once perfectionism was controlled for <ref type="table" coords="8,40.25,301.68,35.68,8.80">(Table 4,</ref> Step 2, embarrassment, perfect achievements). This pattern indicated the presence of a mediation effect <ref type="bibr" coords="8,244.63,313.70,37.63,8.80;8,40.25,325.72,56.13,8.80" target="#b0">(Baron &amp; Kenny, 1986)</ref>, suggesting that Japanese students' higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism were responsible for their higher embarrassment after achieving perfect results. To test whether this was the case, we conducted a mediation analyses following the procedures provided by <ref type="bibr" coords="8,40.25,385.70,110.63,8.80" target="#b41">Preacher and Hayes (2004)</ref> with culture as the independent variable, socially prescribed perfectionism as the mediator, and embarrassment after perfect achievements as the dependent variable (using residual scores controlling for gender and version). <ref type="bibr" coords="8,94.00,431.44,3.75,5.87">3</ref> The Sobel test of the mediation effect was significant with z = 2.28, p &lt; .05, and the 95% confidence interval from the bootstrap test of the indirect effect did not include 0 (see <ref type="bibr" coords="8,99.33,469.71,98.52,8.80" target="#b41">Preacher &amp; Hayes, 2004</ref> for details). Socially prescribed perfectionism fully mediated the relationship between culture and embarrassment after success <ref type="figure" coords="8,239.64,493.70,35.49,8.80">(Figure 3</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>The present study investigated the relationships between perfectionism and self-conscious emotions, comparing people from a traditionally collectivistic culture (Japanese students) with people from a traditionally individualistic culture (White British students). Regarding perfectionism, we examined selforiented perfectionism and socially prescribed perfectionism. Regarding self-conscious emotions, we examined pride and embarrassment after success (perfect achievements) and failure (flawed achievements) using everyday scenarios the students imagined experiencing. We found evidence for cross-cultural consistency and cross-cultural variability. Regarding crosscultural consistency, self-oriented perfectionism showed positive relationships with pride after success and embarrassment after failure in both Japanese and British students. In contrast, socially prescribed perfectionism showed positive relationships with embarrassment after success and failure.</p><p>Regarding cross-cultural variability, Japanese students showed lower levels of self-oriented perfectionism and higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism compared with British students. Furthermore, Japanese students reported lower levels of pride after success and failure. They also reported more embarrassment after success. However, as a mediation analysis showed, the latter effect was fully explained by Japanese students' higher levels of socially prescribed perfectionism. The present study also found evidence for cross-cultural variability in the relationships between perfectionism and self-conscious emotions. First, socially prescribed perfectionism was positively associated with pride after success in Japanese students, but not in British students. Differing from British students, Japanese students high in socially prescribed perfectionism imagined feeling more pride after success compared with Japanese students low in socially prescribed perfection. Second, self-oriented perfectionism was negatively associated with pride after failure in Japanese students, but not in British students. Differing from British students, Japanese students high in self-oriented perfectionism imagined feeling less pride after failure compared with Japanese students low in self-oriented perfectionism.</p><p>The relationships between perfectionism and pride that the Japanese students showed are noteworthy because they appear to contradict previous theory and research on perfectionism and self-conscious emotions (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,486.60,605.16,60.66,8.80;8,305.29,617.12,22.70,8.80" target="#b15">Fedewa et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,331.88,617.12,79.06,8.80" target="#b53">Stoeber et al., 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,419.36,617.12,18.58,8.80" target="#b54">Stoeber et al., , 2008</ref> according to which maladaptive forms of perfectionism (such as socially prescribed perfectionism) are expected to show positive correlations with negative emotions. Therefore, socially prescribed perfectionism should not be positively associated with pride. In contrast, a more adaptive form of perfectionism (such as self-oriented perfectionism) is expected to show positive correlations with positive emotions. Therefore, self-oriented perfectionism should not be negatively associated with pride.</p><p>However, note that pride is a positive emotion only in Western cultures where we can expect self-oriented perfectionism, but not socially prescribed perfectionism, to be positively associated with pride. In Asian cultures, pride is . Interaction effect of culture and self-oriented perfectionism on pride after flawed achievements (low = À1 SD below mean, high = +1 SD above mean). Note that pride scores were transformed prior to the analyses (see section on Preliminary Analyses for details). <ref type="bibr" coords="8,40.25,751.90,3.00,4.69">3</ref> The results were virtually the same when gender and version were not controlled for. an ambivalent, that is, partly negative emotion <ref type="bibr" coords="9,232.73,173.21,57.25,8.80;9,48.02,185.17,21.43,8.80" target="#b45">(Scollon et al., 2005)</ref>. Moreover, pride is an interpersonally disengaged emotion, making people stand out from their group, which is a negative quality in collectivistic cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="9,248.32,209.21,41.61,8.80;9,48.02,221.17,47.65,8.80" target="#b27">(Kitayama et al., 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,98.59,221.17,109.08,8.80" target="#b34">Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991)</ref>. People from Asian cultures regard pride as more undesirable and inappropriate compared with people from Western cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="9,230.57,245.21,59.39,8.80;9,48.02,257.17,21.43,8.80" target="#b13">(Eid &amp; Diener, 2001)</ref>. Consequently, when taking into account the different evaluations of pride in Western and Asian cultures, the present findings with the Japanese students do not necessarily contradict expectations from theory and research that consider socially prescribed perfectionism a maladaptive form of perfectionism and self-oriented perfectionism as a more adaptive form <ref type="bibr" coords="9,105.56,329.17,79.96,8.80" target="#b14">(Enns &amp; Cox, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,187.94,329.17,69.42,8.80" target="#b19">Frost et al., 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,259.77,329.17,30.18,8.80;9,48.02,341.19,57.43,8.80" target="#b50">Stoeber &amp; Otto, 2006)</ref>. On the contrary, they may be in line with these expectations. Self-oriented perfectionism, as a more adaptive form of perfectionism, should be associated with more adaptive emotional responses. Reduced pride after failure can be considered adaptive for Japanese students. If so, Japanese students high in self-oriented perfectionism showed a more adaptive emotional response (i.e. reduced pride) after failure compared with Japanese students high in self-oriented perfectionism. In contrast, socially prescribed perfectionism should be associated with more maladaptive emotional responses. Increased pride after success can be considered maladaptive for Japanese students, particularly for Japanese students high in socially prescribed perfectionism who are concerned about others' expectations. If so, Japanese students high in socially prescribed perfectionism showed a more maladaptive emotional response (i.e. increased pride) after success. The present study is the first to find cultural differences in the relationships between perfectionism and self-conscious emotions. Consequently, our interpretation of the perfectionism-pride relationships we found in the Japanese students is rather speculative. Other interpretations are possible. For example, because many scenarios contained a social element, Japanese students high in socially prescribed perfectionism may have felt more pride than Japanese students low in socially prescribed perfectionism because they perceived they fulfilled others' high expectations of them. Still, pride is an ambivalent emotion in Asian cultures, often regarded as undesirable and inappropriate because it sets the self apart from others and is interpersonally disengaged. Therefore, it can be argued that-even though Japanese students high in socially prescribed perfectionism were right to feel more pride from a Western perspective-from an Asian perspective, increased pride would not be experienced as positive, but rather as ambivalent or even negative. However, many of the everyday scenarios we used were unclear as to whether they represented public situations (where the protagonist felt that others were aware of what was happening) or private situations (where this was not the case). This may also explain why we did not find any cross-cultural differences in embarrassment. Comparing feelings of shame in public and private situations in Japanese and US students, <ref type="bibr" coords="9,474.18,233.20,80.75,8.80" target="#b10">Crystal et al. (2001)</ref> found that Japanese students felt more shame than US students only in public situations. In private situations, US students felt more shame. Consequently, future studies using scenarios to elicit emotions should use scenarios that are clear as to whether the situation is private or public.</p><p>The present study has further limitations. First, the interaction effects indicating cross-cultural differences in the relationships of perfectionism and pride were comparatively small. However, note that effect sizes of interaction effects are generally smaller than main effects because they represent second-order effects over and above the main effects (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,364.93,377.20,80.68,8.80" target="#b18">Frazier et al., 2004)</ref>. Still, future studies need to replicate the present findings before firmer conclusions about cross-cultural differences in the perfectionism-pride relationships can be drawn. Second, we examined only achievement-oriented pride. Research on self-conscious emotions, however, differentiates between two forms of pride: achievement-oriented (or authentic) pride and hubristic pride <ref type="bibr" coords="9,313.00,461.22,92.39,8.80" target="#b59">(Tracy &amp; Robins, 2007a</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,405.39,461.22,28.20,8.80" target="#b60">, 2007b</ref>. Consequently, future studies may profit from investigating if the present findings also apply to hubristic pride. Third, the emotional reactions we examined were imagined emotional reactions to scenarios describing hypothetical situations. Although eliciting affective responses to scenarios is an established method in cross-cultural research on self-conscious affect (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,426.28,533.22,75.78,8.80" target="#b10">Crystal et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,504.35,533.22,50.63,8.80;9,313.00,545.18,107.08,8.80" target="#b56">Tang, Wang, Qian, Gao, &amp; Zhang, 2008)</ref> and has been demonstrated to be a valid method of indicating affective responses in real life, showing convergence of real and imagined reactions to emotional stimuli <ref type="bibr" coords="9,368.62,581.18,103.58,8.80" target="#b42">(Robinson &amp; Clore, 2001)</ref>, future studies need to show that the present findings can be replicated when affective reactions to real-life experiences of achieving perfect versus flawed results are examined. Finally, the present study only included White students born and raised in the British Isles. Consequently, the findings' generalizability may be limited to students from this specific ethnic background. Future studies may consider additionally including British students with a different ethnic background to examine if the present findings generalize to non-White British students. In particular, it would be interesting to include British students of Asian origin, born and raised in the British Isles, to examine acculturation effects in the relationships of perfectionism, pride, and embarrassment.</p><p>Despite these limitations, the present study makes a significant contribution to our understanding of perfectionism  <ref type="figure" coords="9,48.02,136.44,25.45,7.04">Figure 3</ref>. Socially prescribed perfectionism fully mediated the relationship between culture and embarrassment after perfect achievements (standardized regression coefficients: *p &lt; .05, **p &lt; .01, ***p &lt; .001). and self-conscious emotions. First, the study provides further evidence that, although perfectionism is often associated with shame and embarrassment, perfectionists are able to experience pride <ref type="bibr" coords="10,103.01,101.38,89.44,8.80" target="#b15">(Fedewa et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,196.90,101.38,80.87,8.80" target="#b53">Stoeber et al., 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,40.25,113.40,17.19,8.80" target="#b54">Stoeber et al., , 2008</ref>. Furthermore, some perfectionists may experience more pride than nonperfectionists-particularly when they achieve perfect results <ref type="bibr" coords="10,137.26,137.38,87.71,8.80" target="#b54">(Stoeber et al., 2008)</ref>. Second, the present findings provide further evidence for cross-cultural differences in the experience of pride, comparing people from Western with people from Asian cultures (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,257.11,173.38,25.16,8.80;10,40.25,185.40,55.92,8.80" target="#b13">Eid &amp; Diener, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,100.01,185.40,91.81,8.80" target="#b27">Kitayama et al., 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,195.65,185.40,86.63,8.80;10,40.25,197.36,22.77,8.80" target="#b34">Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,65.60,197.36,78.70,8.80" target="#b45">Scollon et al., 2005)</ref>. In addition, the findings of lower self-oriented and higher socially prescribed perfectionism in Japanese students compared with British students expands on previous findings of differences in performance perfectionism comparing Japanese and US students <ref type="bibr" coords="10,227.18,245.38,55.10,8.80;10,40.26,257.40,21.49,8.80" target="#b8">(Chang et al., 2012)</ref>. Finally, and most importantly, the study provides first evidence that the relationships between perfectionism and pride may show cultural variations. Whereas the study corroborated previous findings that self-oriented perfectionism was positively associated with pride after success, it showed that socially prescribed perfectionism too may be positively associated with pride after success, but only in people from cultural contexts where pride is an ambivalent and often inappropriate and undesirable emotion. With this, the study encourages perfectionism researchers to pay closer attention to possible cultural variations in the relationships that different forms of perfectionism show in different cultures and to variations in the meaning that these relationships may have in different cultural contexts.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="8,305.29,234.18,242.03,7.04;8,305.29,242.49,242.01,8.00;8,305.29,252.15,242.01,7.04;8,305.29,261.16,157.73,7.04"><head>Figure 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Figure 2. Interaction effect of culture and self-oriented perfectionism on pride after flawed achievements (low = À1 SD below mean, high = +1 SD above mean). Note that pride scores were transformed prior to the analyses (see section on Preliminary Analyses for details).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="8,40.25,237.01,242.03,7.04;8,40.25,245.32,242.07,8.00;8,40.25,255.04,43.10,7.04"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Interaction effect of culture and socially prescribed perfectionism on pride after perfect achievements (low = À1 SD below mean, high = +1 SD above mean).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="5,313.00,64.06,242.00,142.21"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Manipulation check: means and standard deviations of pride and embarrassment following perfect and flawed achievements</figDesc><table coords="5,313.00,94.56,242.00,111.71">Variables 

Achievements 

Perfect 
Flawed 

M 
SD 
M 
SD 
t(722) 

Pride 
2.82 
1.19 
0.59 
0.64 
49.94* 
Embarrassment 
0.29 
0.51 
2.57 
1.03 
À56.41* 

Note. N = 723. All variables were measured on a scale from 0 (not at all) to 5 
(extremely). 
*p &lt; .001. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="6,40.25,64.06,505.91,136.67"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Bivariate correlations and partial correlations controlling for gender and version</figDesc><table coords="6,40.25,84.52,505.91,116.21">Variable 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 

1. Culture (À1 = British, 1 = Japanese) 
À.09* 
.11** 
À.33*** 
.10** 
À.13*** 
.05 
-
Perfectionism 
2. Self-oriented perfectionism 
À.12** 
.46*** 
.27*** 
.02 
À.02 
.29*** 
-
3. Socially prescribed perfectionism 
.11** 
.46*** 
.15*** 
.17*** 
.01 
.30*** 
-
Perfect achievements 
4. Pride 
À.38*** 
.28*** 
.14*** 
.01 
.38*** 
.49*** 
-
5. Embarrassment 
.18*** 
.00 
.17*** 
À.05 
.30*** 
.26*** 
-
Flawed achievements 
6. Pride 
À.09* 
À.03 
.01 
.34*** 
.32*** 
.12** 
-
7. Embarrassment 
.04 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="6,40.25,526.05,242.13,223.70"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="6,40.25,526.05,242.13,223.70">Differences between British and Japanese students 
(controlling for gender and version): estimated means and 
standard errors 

Variable 

British 
Japanese 

M 
SE 
M 
SE 

Perfectionism 
Self-oriented perfectionism 
69.13 0.81 66.13 0.83 
Socially prescribed perfectionism 52.01 0.63 54.69 0.64 
Perfect achievements 
Pride 
3.25 0.60 
2.43 0.61 
Embarrassment 
À0.87 0.01 À0.83 0.01 
Flawed achievements 
Pride 
À0.69 0.01 À0.75 0.01 
Embarrassment 
2.53 0.06 
2.63 0.06 

Note. N = 715 (363 British, 352 Japanese). Estimated means and standard errors 
from analyses of covariance controlling for gender and version. Embarrassment 
(perfect achievements) and pride (flawed achievements) = transformed scores 
(section on Transformations). The differences correspond to the correlations 
reported in </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="9,146.83,60.88,309.03,51.82"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Socially prescribed perfectionismCulture (-1 = British, 1 = Japanese)</figDesc><table coords="9,242.84,72.39,213.02,40.31">Embarrassment after 
perfect achievements 

.11** 
.17*** 

.07 (.09*) 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright © 2012 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd. Eur. J. Pers. 27: 59-70 (2013) DOI: 10.1002/per</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2">In addition, we analysed the responses to the individual scenarios by means of principal components analysis to examine the dimensionality of the measures. For all four measures-pride after success, pride after failure, embarrassment after success, and embarrassment after failure-inspection of the eigenvalues from the principal components analysis using scree test and parallel analysis<ref type="bibr" coords="5,90.71,753.71,78.27,7.04" target="#b65">(Zwick &amp; Velicer, 1986)</ref> indicated only one significant component, suggesting that each measures was unidimensional.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright © 2012 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd. Eur. J. Pers. 27: 59-70 (2013)</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>ACKNOWLEDGEMENT This research was supported by a Promising Researcher Initiative grant from the University of Kent to the first author.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"> <ref type="table" coords="12,495.50,353.39,51.75,8.80">the table for</ref> <p>1 h later than you thought you did. 11. Spending. You are short on money, so you plan a careful budget so that you will have enough for the month until your next pay day. You stick to your budget, <ref type="bibr" coords="12,527.70,401.40,15.64,8.80;12,323.26,413.36,17.88,8.80">[Perfect]</ref> and at the end of the month you have spent no more than you intended and are exactly within your budget/ [Flawed] but at the end of the month, you realize that you miscalculated your budget and are a small sum of money short. 12. List of tasks. You work part time in a shop. The manager has left you in charge for the afternoon and given you a list of tasks to complete. The afternoon goes without a hitch <ref type="bibr" coords="12,370.26,509.40,34.32,8.80">[Perfect]</ref> and you manage to get everything done perfectly/[Flawed] and you think that you managed to get everything done perfectly but realize later that you have forgotten to make an important phone call, which was one of your tasks. 13. Grandmother's 10 pills. While your parents are away, you have taken over the task of caring for your grandmother who has been very ill for a long time. Your grandmother has to take 10 different pills every day according to a certain schedule. You observe the schedule meticulously [Perfect] and you give your grandmother each and every pill every day exactly as prescribed/[Flawed] but on one day you mix up one of the evening pills with one of the morning pills. 14. Revision. You have an exam and spend much time revising a selection of topics that you expect to come up in the paper. When you sit the exam, [Perfect] all the topics you expected come up and so you are perfectly prepared/[Flawed] one topic comes up that you did not revise even though you now remember that it was something you should have expected.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,562.05,242.02,7.92;10,49.27,572.03,232.99,7.92;10,49.27,582.06,232.98,7.92;10,49.27,592.04,233.03,7.92;10,49.27,602.02,56.25,7.92" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The moderator-mediator variable distinction in social psychological research: Conceptual, strategic, and statistical considerations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.51.6.1173</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1173" to="1182" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,612.05,242.04,7.92" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bear</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Uribe-Zarain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Manning</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Shiomi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,49.27,622.03,232.99,7.92;10,49.27,632.07,233.00,7.92;10,49.27,642.05,123.32,7.92" xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
				<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s11031-009-9130-8</idno>
		<title level="m">Shame, guilt, blaming, and anger: Differences between children in Japan and the US. Motivation and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="238" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,652.02,242.01,7.92;10,49.27,662.06,86.08,7.92" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The many faces of perfectionism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Benson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Monitor on Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">18</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,672.04,241.98,7.92;10,49.27,682.07,232.98,7.92;10,49.27,692.05,233.03,7.92;10,49.27,702.03,164.12,7.92" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is perfectionism good, bad, or both? Examining models of the perfectionism construct</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bieling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Israeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Antony</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0191-8869(03)00235-6</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1373" to="1385" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,712.06,242.01,7.92;10,49.27,722.04,186.17,7.92" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Back-translation for cross-cultural research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Brislin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,732.02,241.97,7.92;10,49.26,742.06,233.03,7.92;10,49.26,752.03,232.98,7.92;10,49.26,762.07,19.58,7.92" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The wording and translation of research instruments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Brislin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Field methods in cross-cultural research</title>
		<editor>W. J. Lonner, &amp; J. W. Berry</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Thousand Oaks, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="164" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,64.07,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,74.04,232.97,7.92;10,314.25,84.08,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,94.06,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,104.04,159.68,7.92" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conceptualization and measurement of adaptive and maladaptive aspects of performance perfectionism: Relations to personality, psychological functioning, and academic achievement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10608-006-9060-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="677" to="697" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,114.07,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,124.05,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,134.03,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,144.06,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,154.04,70.66,7.92" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A test of the usefulness of perfectionism theory across cultures: Does perfectionism in the US and Japan predict depressive symptoms across time?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sanna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1007/ s10608-011-9376-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="14" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,164.08,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,174.13,233.03,7.73;10,314.25,184.03,230.98,7.92" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied multiple regression/correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,194.07,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,204.05,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,214.08,233.02,7.92;10,314.25,224.06,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,234.04,179.45,7.92" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Examining relations between shame and personality among university students in the United States and Japan: A developmental perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Crystal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Parrott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Okazaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Watanabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/01650250042000177</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Behavioral Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="123" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,244.07,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,254.05,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,264.09,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,274.06,33.78,7.92" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Specific perfectionism components versus self-criticism in predicting maladjustment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Dunkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Zuroff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Blankstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="665" to="676" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,284.04,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,294.08,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,304.04,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,314.02,152.15,7.92" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A cross-cultural examination of lexical studies of self-conscious emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Edelstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Shaver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. L. Tracy, R. W. Robins, &amp; J. P. Tangney</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="208" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The self-conscious emotions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,324.05,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,334.03,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,344.07,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,354.04,104.33,7.92" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Norms for experiencing emotions in different cultures: Inter-and intranational differences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Eid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.81.5.869</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="869" to="885" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,364.02,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,374.06,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,384.04,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,394.07,97.02,7.92" xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The nature and assessment of perfectionism: A critical analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Enns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>G. L. Flett, &amp; P. L. Hewitt</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>American Psychological Association</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="62" />
			<pubPlace>Perfectionism; Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,403.54,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,413.57,233.04,7.92;10,314.25,423.55,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,433.53,213.80,7.92" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Positive and negative perfectionism and the shame/guilt distinction: Adaptive and maladaptive characteristics. Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fedewa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Burns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gomez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.paid.2004.09.026</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1609" to="1619" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,443.57,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,453.54,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,463.58,68.36,7.92" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Procrastination: A means of avoiding shame or guilt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tangney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social Behavior and Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="167" to="184" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,473.05,241.94,7.92;10,314.25,483.03,232.97,7.92;10,314.25,493.06,233.04,7.92;10,314.25,503.04,226.34,7.92" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Perfectionism and maladjustment: An overview of theoretical, definitional, and treatment issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Flett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hewitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. L. Hewitt, &amp; G. L. Flett</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>American Psychological Association</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="31" />
			<pubPlace>Perfectionism; Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,513.07,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,523.05,233.06,7.92;10,314.25,533.03,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,543.07,51.75,7.92" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing moderator and mediator effects in counseling psychology research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tix</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Barron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-0167.51.1.115</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Counseling Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="134" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,552.53,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,562.57,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,572.55,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,582.58,115.27,7.92" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A comparison of two measures of perfectionism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Frost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Heimberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Holt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Mattia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Neubauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0191-8869</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90181" to="90183" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,592.05,242.00,7.92;10,314.25,602.08,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,612.06,149.92,7.92" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The dimensions of perfectionism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Frost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Marten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lahart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Rosenblate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/BF01172967</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="468" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,622.04,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,632.08,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,642.05,233.02,7.92;10,314.25,652.03,221.74,7.92" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perfectionism in the self and social contexts: Conceptualization, assessment, and association with psychopathology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hewitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Flett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.60.3.456</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="456" to="470" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,662.07,241.99,7.92;10,314.24,672.05,233.03,7.92" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multidimensional Perfectionism Scale (MPS): Technical manual. Toronto: Multi-Health Systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hewitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Flett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,682.08,242.00,7.92;10,314.24,692.06,102.76,7.92" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Norwich: The Stationary Office</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Life in the United Kingdom</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Home Office</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,701.57,241.95,7.92;10,314.25,711.55,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,721.53,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,731.56,233.00,7.92;10,314.25,741.54,115.27,7.92" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A cross-cultural comparison of the interpretation and management of face: U.S. American and Japanese responses to embarrassing predicaments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Imahori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Cupach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0147-1767(94)90028-0</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Intercultural Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="219" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,751.58,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,761.55,233.00,7.92;10,490.56,802.69,56.70,7.04" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The pursuit of happiness and the realization of sympathy: Cultural patterns of self</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,56.98,64.06,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,74.04,233.04,7.92;11,56.98,84.07,59.59,7.92" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">Culture and subjective well-being</title>
		<editor>E. Diener, &amp; E. M. Suh</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="161" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,94.05,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,103.24,233.03,9.00;11,56.98,114.06,232.98,7.92;11,56.98,124.04,204.93,7.92" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture, self, and emotion: A cultural perspective on &quot;self-conscious&quot; emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Matsumoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Selfconscious emotions</title>
		<editor>J. P. Tangney, &amp; K. W. Fischer</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="464" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,134.02,241.99,7.92" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Klibert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Langhinrichsen-Rohling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Saito</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,56.98,144.06,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,154.03,233.00,7.92;11,56.98,164.07,69.95,7.92" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adaptive and maladaptive aspects of self-oriented versus socially prescribed perfectionism</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of College Student Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="141" to="156" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,174.05,241.96,7.92;11,56.98,184.03,233.01,7.92;11,56.98,194.06,233.04,7.92;11,56.98,204.04,227.97,7.92" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-oriented perfectionism and its relationship to positive and negative affect: The mediation of positive and negative perfectionism cognitions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Kobori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Tanno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10608-005-2835-4</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="559" to="571" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,214.07,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,224.05,233.04,7.92;11,56.98,234.03,233.03,7.92;11,56.98,244.06,62.61,7.92" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship of temperament to multidimensional perfectionism trait</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Kobori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Yamagata</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kijima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1016/j. paid.2004.04.003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="211" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,254.04,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,264.08,233.00,7.92;11,56.98,274.06,232.99,7.92;11,56.98,284.03,166.04,7.92" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural differences in emotional responses to success and failure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Takai-Kawakami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kawakami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sullivan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0165025409348559</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Behavioral Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="53" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,294.07,241.96,7.92;11,56.98,304.05,233.01,7.92;11,56.98,314.03,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,324.06,141.22,7.92" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Moral affect and cognitive processes: Differentiating shame from guilt among men and women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Lutwak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ferrari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0191-8869(96)00135-3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="891" to="896" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,334.04,241.94,7.92;11,56.98,344.07,233.04,7.92;11,56.98,354.05,206.26,7.92" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture and the self: Implications for cognition, emotion, and motivation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295x.98.2.224</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="224" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,364.03,241.99,7.92;11,56.97,374.07,233.02,7.92" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cultural construction of self and emotion: Implications for social behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">S</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,56.97,384.04,233.03,7.92;11,56.97,394.08,221.80,7.92" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Emotion and culture</title>
		<editor>Kitayama, &amp; H. R. Markus</editor>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>American Psychological Association</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="130" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,404.06,241.98,7.92;11,56.97,414.04,233.01,7.92;11,56.97,424.07,233.05,7.92;11,56.97,434.05,164.71,7.92" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A mediated model of perfectionism, affect, and physical health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Molnar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Reker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Culp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sadava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Decourville</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jrp.2005.04.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="482" to="500" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,444.08,241.97,7.92;11,56.97,454.06,112.18,7.92" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Nunnally</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Psychometric theory</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,464.04,241.97,7.92;11,56.98,474.08,233.01,7.92;11,56.98,484.04,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,494.02,72.65,7.92" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predicting hopelessness and psychological distress: The role of perfectionism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;connor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Connor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ 0022-0167.50.3.362</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Counseling Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="362" to="372" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,504.05,241.98,7.92;11,56.98,514.03,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,524.07,124.92,7.92" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship of perfectionism to depression and hopelessness in college students</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ohtani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sakurai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Japanese Journal of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,534.04,241.96,7.92;11,56.98,544.02,233.01,7.92;11,56.98,554.14,232.99,7.73;11,56.98,564.04,33.78,7.92" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">SPSS and SAS procedures for estimating indirect effects in simple mediation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Methods, Instruments, &amp; Computers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="717" to="731" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,574.07,242.06,7.92;11,56.98,584.05,233.10,7.92;11,56.98,594.03,233.11,7.92;11,56.98,604.06,215.40,7.92" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simulation, scenarios, and emotional appraisal: Testing the convergence of real and imagined reactions to emotional stimuli</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/01461672012711012</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1520" to="1532" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,614.04,241.94,7.92;11,56.98,624.08,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,634.05,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,644.03,213.04,7.92" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-cultural variability of the semantic domain of emotion terms: An examination of English shame and embarrass with Japanese hazukashii</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Rusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1069397104264274</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cross-Cultural Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="236" to="248" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,654.07,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,664.05,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,674.08,221.09,7.92" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotions across cultures and methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Scollon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Oishi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Biswas-Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022022104264124</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="304" to="326" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,684.06,241.99,7.92;11,56.97,694.04,232.98,7.92;11,56.97,704.07,233.01,7.92;11,56.97,714.05,205.75,7.92" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An experience sampling and cross-cultural investigation of the relation between pleasant and unpleasant affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Scollon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Oishi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Biswas-Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/02699930441000076</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,724.03,241.97,7.92;11,56.97,734.06,232.99,7.92;11,56.97,744.04,183.95,7.92" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture, self-construal, and embarrassability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Singelis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Sharkey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/002202219502600607</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="622" to="644" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,64.07,242.00,7.92;11,322.01,74.05,232.95,7.92;11,322.01,84.08,232.96,7.92;11,322.01,94.06,233.00,7.92;11,322.01,104.04,85.50,7.92" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Unpackaging culture&apos;s influence on self-esteem and embarrassability: The role of self-construals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Singelis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Sharkey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y L</forename><surname>Kriss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1177/ 0022022199030003003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="341" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,114.07,241.98,7.92;11,322.01,124.05,232.96,7.92;11,322.01,134.03,210.72,7.92" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The revised Almost Perfect Scale. Measurement and Evaluation in Counseling and Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Slaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Rice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mobley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Trippi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Ashby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="130" to="145" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,144.06,241.99,7.92;11,322.01,154.03,233.00,7.93;11,322.02,164.07,36.00,7.92" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The quest for perfection: Avoiding guilt or avoiding shame?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Sorotzkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ h0085541</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychotherapy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="564" to="571" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,174.04,241.96,7.92;11,322.02,184.02,233.02,7.92;11,322.02,194.06,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,204.04,81.83,7.92" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive conceptions of perfectionism: Approaches, evidence, challenges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Otto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1207/ s15327957pspr1004_2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="295" to="319" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,214.07,241.98,7.92;11,322.02,224.05,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,234.03,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,244.06,170.29,7.92" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Domains of perfectionism: Prevalence and relationships with perfectionism, gender, age, and satisfaction with life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.paid.2008.12.006</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="530" to="535" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,254.04,242.03,7.92;11,322.02,264.08,232.96,7.92;11,322.02,274.05,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,284.03,232.97,7.92;11,322.02,294.07,62.61,7.92" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism: Differential relationships with intrinsic and extrinsic motivation and test anxiety</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Feast</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hayward</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1016/j. paid.2009.04.014</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="423" to="428" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,304.05,242.03,7.92;11,322.02,314.02,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,324.06,232.95,7.92;11,322.02,334.04,232.95,7.92;11,322.02,344.07,98.97,7.92" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perfectionism and the experience of pride, shame, and guilt: Comparing healthy perfectionists, unhealthy perfectionists, and nonperfectionists</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Moon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.paid.2006.11.012</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,354.05,242.00,7.92;11,322.02,364.03,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,374.06,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,384.04,232.97,7.92;11,322.02,394.08,62.61,7.92" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Facets of selforiented and socially prescribed perfectionism and feelings of pride, shame, and guilt following success and failure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kempe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Keogh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1016/j. paid.2008.01.007</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1506" to="1516" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,404.05,241.98,7.92;11,322.02,414.03,130.85,7.92" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Using multivariate statistics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Tabachnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fidell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Pearson</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boston, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>5th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,424.07,241.99,7.92;11,322.02,434.05,232.96,7.92;11,322.02,444.08,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,454.06,124.55,7.92" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transferred shame in the cultures of interdependent-self and independent self</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Qian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1163/156770908x289260</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cognition and Culture</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="178" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,464.04,241.97,7.92;11,322.02,474.07,232.93,7.92;11,322.02,484.05,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,494.03,152.30,7.92" xml:id="b57">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Perfectionism and the self-conscious emotions: Shame, guilt, embarrassment, and pride</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tangney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. L. Hewitt, &amp; G. L. Flett</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>American Psychological Association</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="199" to="215" />
			<pubPlace>Perfectionism; Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,504.06,241.99,7.92;11,322.02,514.04,56.34,7.92" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Shame and guilt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tangney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Dearing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,524.08,241.99,7.92;11,322.02,534.06,232.94,7.92;11,322.02,544.03,158.29,7.92" xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The self-conscious emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tracy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Robins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. L. Tracy, R. W. Robins, &amp; J. P. Tangney</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="282" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The nature of pride</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,554.07,242.00,7.92;11,322.01,564.05,232.97,7.92;11,322.01,574.08,221.68,7.92" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The psychological structure of pride: A tale of two facets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tracy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Robins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.92.3.506</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="506" to="525" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,584.05,241.96,7.94;11,322.02,594.02,76.82,7.92" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Individualism and collectivism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Triandis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Westview Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boulder, CO</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,604.06,242.01,7.92;11,322.02,614.04,232.96,7.92;11,322.02,624.07,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,634.05,59.70,7.92" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-cultural perspectives on personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Triandis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of personality psychology</title>
		<editor>R. Hogan, J. A. Johnson, &amp; S. R. Briggs</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Diego, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="464" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,644.03,242.02,7.92;11,322.02,654.06,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,664.04,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,674.08,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,684.06,119.86,7.92" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors within multidimensional perfectionism scales: Complexity of relationships with self-esteem, narcissism, self-control, and selfcriticism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Trumpeter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Leary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.paid.2006.03.014</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="849" to="860" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,694.03,241.99,7.92;11,322.02,704.07,232.97,7.92;11,322.02,714.05,204.93,7.92" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Cultural models of shame and guilt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. L. Tracy, R. W. Robins, &amp; J. P. Tangney</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="223" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The selfconscious emotions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,723.23,242.00,9.00;11,322.02,734.06,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,744.04,208.59,7.92" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparison of five rules for determining the number of components to retain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Zwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Velicer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.99.3.432</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="432" to="442" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
