<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Temper, Temperature, and Temptation: Heat-Related Retaliation in Baseball</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Larrick</surname></persName>
							<email>larrick@duke.edu</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fuqua</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Larrick</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Fuqua School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Duke University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Timmerman</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Decision Sciences and Management</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Tennessee Technological University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carton</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Fuqua School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Duke University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><surname>Abrevaya</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Economics</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Texas</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Duke University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>100 Towerview Dr</addrLine>
									<postCode>27708</postCode>
									<settlement>Durham</settlement>
									<region>NC</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Temper, Temperature, and Temptation: Heat-Related Retaliation in Baseball</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Psychological Science</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="423" to="428"/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0956797611399292</idno>
					<note type="submission">Received 6/14/10; Revision accepted 11/2/10 Research Report</note>
					<note>Corresponding Author:</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:07+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>aggression</term>
					<term>baseball</term>
					<term>heat</term>
					<term>justice</term>
					<term>retaliation</term>
					<term>temperature</term>
					<term>violence</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In this study, we analyzed data from 57,293 Major League Baseball games to test whether high temperatures interact with provocation to increase the likelihood that batters will be hit by a pitch. Controlling for a number of other variables, we conducted analyses showing that the probability of a pitcher hitting a batter increases sharply at high temperatures when more of the pitcher's teammates have been hit by the opposing team earlier in the game. We suggest that high temperatures increase retaliation by increasing hostile attributions when teammates are hit by a pitch and by lowering inhibitions against retaliation.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>"There are so many conflicting emotions," [St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony La Russa] says, when your batter gets hit. Because how do you sort it out? How do you know for sure that the pitcher acted intentionally? <ref type="bibr" coords="1,60.00,467.38,98.30,8.78">(Bissinger, 2005, p. 111)</ref> Decades of research have shown that hotter temperatures are associated with greater aggression in the laboratory <ref type="bibr" coords="1,48.00,515.38,230.13,8.78" target="#b2">(Anderson, Anderson, Dorr, DeNeve, &amp; Flanagan, 2000)</ref> and with higher rates of violent crime in the field <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.05,527.38,69.56,8.78" target="#b0">(Anderson, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,48.00,539.38,91.05,8.78" target="#b13">Cohn &amp; Rotton, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,142.08,539.38,89.79,8.78" target="#b24">Rotton &amp; Cohn, 2004)</ref>. Previous field research has shown that batters are more likely to be hit by a pitch in Major League Baseball (MLB) games on hot days than on cool days <ref type="bibr" coords="1,125.16,575.38,136.17,8.78" target="#b21">(Reifman, Larrick, &amp; Fein, 1991)</ref>. In this study, we examined a specific mechanism linking heat to aggression in baseball. We found that hotter temperatures have only a modest direct relationship to higher aggression. However, heat appears to magnify the response to provocation: Heat predicts retribution.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Decision to Retaliate</head><p>There is a long-standing tradition of retributive justice in baseball. If a teammate is hit by a pitch, a player on the opposing team must be hit in return <ref type="bibr" coords="1,167.11,707.38,101.82,8.78" target="#b28">(Turbow &amp; Duca, 2010)</ref>. This Hammurabi code of a "batter for a batter" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.34,719.38,69.26,8.78" target="#b10">(Bissinger, 2005,</ref> p. 112) serves both to restore justice and to deter future harm. Previous research has found empirical support for retaliatory behavior in baseball <ref type="bibr" coords="1,391.87,443.38,79.35,8.78" target="#b26">(Timmerman, 2007)</ref>. However, there are constraints on this practice. Because it is dangerous to strike a batter with a ball traveling at 90 mph, MLB has taken strong steps to punish this behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="1,437.59,479.38,117.59,8.78" target="#b11">(Bradbury &amp; Drinen, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,307.60,491.38,56.86,8.78" target="#b27">Trandel, 2004)</ref>. It is also costly to a team to hit an opposing team's batter. Because hit batters are sent to first base, hitting them prolongs an inning and increases the chances that the opponent will score. Thus, the decision to retaliate is a difficult one.</p><p>In the statement quoted at the beginning of this article, La Russa suggested that an important factor in the decision to retaliate is determining whether the opposing pitcher acted intentionally. The norm is that an intentional harm is more deserving of retaliation than is an accident. But the evidence for intention is almost always ambiguous-was a pitcher sloppy or aggressive? Sometimes this ambiguity will be resolved in a charitable way ("it was an accident"), thereby de-escalating conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="1,395.67,635.38,114.12,8.78" target="#b25">(Rubin, Pruitt, &amp; Kim, 1994)</ref>. However, some factors, such as high temperature, may heighten perceptions of malicious intent and loosen inhibitions restraining retaliatory aggression. Our key empirical prediction was that temperature amplifies the tendency to retaliate when a teammate is hit by a pitch.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Heat and Provocation</head><p>In their general-aggression model, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,195.30,143.28,100.18,8.78;2,48.00,155.28,26.66,8.78" target="#b3">Anderson and Bushman (2002)</ref> proposed three routes by which temperature can lead to aggression: affect, arousal, and cognition. Laboratory studies have shown that high temperatures influence behavior through affective aggression and arousal <ref type="bibr" coords="2,191.09,191.28,104.42,8.78;2,48.00,203.28,56.62,8.78" target="#b1">(Anderson, Anderson, &amp; Deuser, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.49,203.28,91.36,8.78" target="#b2">Anderson et al., 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,201.72,203.28,93.78,8.78;2,48.00,215.28,22.78,8.78" target="#b3">Anderson &amp; Bushman, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,75.89,215.28,159.01,8.78" target="#b4">Anderson, Deuser, &amp; DeNeve, 1995)</ref>. 1 Conversely, aggression cues (e.g., images of weapons) influence behavior through cognition. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,126.42,239.28,93.85,8.78" target="#b4">Anderson et al. (1995)</ref> proposed that the internal states of affect, arousal, and cognition are likely to have interactive effects if they are all triggered at once.</p><p>We predicted that temperature interacts with an aggression cue to increase aggressive behavior. Although we could not directly test intervening psychological steps, we propose two processes that could plausibly give rise to an interaction between temperature and provocation. Specifically, retaliatory behavior might be increased when a teammate is hit by a pitch if temperature alters (a) the interpretation of the ambiguous aggression cue or (b) the assessment of the appropriate response to that cue. Laboratory experiments have shown that heat increases state hostility (anger) as well as other forms of negative affect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,114.52,395.28,98.27,8.78" target="#b2">(Anderson et al., 2000)</ref>. As <ref type="bibr" coords="2,237.16,395.28,58.35,8.78;2,48.00,407.28,69.05,8.78" target="#b3">Anderson and Bushman (2002)</ref> argued, anger "is used as an information cue . . . . If anger is triggered in an ambiguous social situation, the anger experience itself helps resolve the ambiguities, and does so in the direction of hostile interpretations" (p. 45; see also <ref type="bibr" coords="2,66.61,455.28,146.86,8.78" target="#b29">Zillman, Katcher, &amp; Milavsky, 1972)</ref>.</p><p>We surmised that two processes might link temperature to aggression in baseball. First, heat-induced anger would increase the chances that an ambiguous cue-a hit teammate-is appraised as an intentional, provocative act. Second, heatinduced anger would also make retaliation more likely because anger primes aggressive scripts <ref type="bibr" coords="2,173.63,527.28,117.63,8.78" target="#b3">(Anderson &amp; Bushman, 2002)</ref>. Specifically, heat-induced anger may make the Hammurabi code of "a batter for a batter" more cognitively accessible. Our main testable hypothesis was that higher temperature would interact with more hit batters on a pitcher's team to increase the probability that the pitcher would hit one of the opposing team's batters with a pitched ball.</p><p>In addition to testing our main hypothesis, we examined two other relationships. First, we tested whether retaliation was related to how many batters the pitching team previously hit during the same game. This variable, and its interactions, helped us assess the degree to which teams kept count of how many of their batters had been hit and limited retaliation when they or their opponent evened the number of hit batters <ref type="bibr" coords="2,48.00,695.28,63.57,8.78" target="#b5">(Axelrod, 1984)</ref>. Second, we tested both a linear and a quadratic relationship between temperature and retaliations. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,272.15,707.28,23.34,8.78;2,48.00,719.28,26.66,8.78" target="#b8">Bell's (1992)</ref> observation that there is a "heated debate" (p. 342) about the functional relationship between temperature and aggression remains true today <ref type="bibr" coords="2,427.98,83.28,47.35,8.78" target="#b9">(Bell, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,477.40,83.28,77.60,8.78;2,307.50,95.28,70.70,8.78" target="#b12">Bushman, Wang, &amp; Anderson, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,384.73,95.28,100.32,8.78" target="#b14">Cohn &amp; Rotton, 2005)</ref>. The negativeaffect-escape model <ref type="bibr" coords="2,393.14,107.28,71.53,8.78" target="#b0">(Anderson, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,468.71,107.28,86.29,8.78" target="#b7">Baron &amp; Bell, 1975;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,307.50,119.28,46.61,8.78" target="#b8">Bell, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,358.77,119.28,95.94,8.78" target="#b13">Cohn &amp; Rotton, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,459.37,119.28,91.16,8.78" target="#b23">Rotton &amp; Cohn, 2000</ref> proposes that heat-induced negative affect leads people to escape the heat, thereby decreasing opportunities for outdoor aggression. Field research has found an inverted-U relation between temperature and different forms of aggression, such as outdoor crimes <ref type="bibr" coords="2,405.77,179.28,94.41,8.78" target="#b24">(Rotton &amp; Cohn, 2004)</ref>. In baseball, the act of hitting a batter prolongs an inning and delays a pitcher's chance to leave the mound. We tested whether a pitcher is more likely to escape the heat or to retaliate at extreme temperatures by testing both quadratic and linear terms. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,515.24,225.10,3.25,5.71">2</ref> The analysis conducted by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,428.85,239.28,85.90,8.78" target="#b21">Reifman et al. (1991)</ref> could not test for patterns of retaliation because it examined only gamelevel data (i.e., total number of batters hit by pitches summed across teams). A more direct test of whether pitches that hit batters are an act of aggression is to examine whether incidents of retaliatory pitches increase with temperature. A test of retaliation patterns requires examining data at the team or individual level <ref type="bibr" coords="2,356.94,323.28,78.95,8.78" target="#b26">(Timmerman, 2007)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>To test the relationship between temperature and retaliation, we downloaded event files with play-by-play data from the Web site <ref type="bibr" coords="2,346.37,395.28,66.93,8.78">Retrosheet (n.d.)</ref>. These data were ideal for testing our hypothesis because each batter's appearance is recorded as a separate record in the database. In fall 2009, Retrosheet's archive included 111,048 MLB games played from 1952 through the end of 2009. Separate game logs available from Retrosheet contained the game-time temperature for 57,293 of these games. (Inside temperatures were recorded for domed stadiums.) Merging these two data sources provided game-level data (e.g., temperature, attendance) and situational data (e.g., game score during the batter's appearance) for 4,566,468 pitcher-batter matchups (known officially as plate appearances).</p><p>Because the pitcher-batter matchups were nested within games and therefore likely correlated, we used generalized estimating equations to analyze the data. These equations provide parameter estimates and standard errors that are efficient and unbiased for analyzing correlated binary responses <ref type="bibr" coords="2,531.69,587.28,19.44,8.78;2,307.50,599.28,46.94,8.78" target="#b6">(Ballinger, 2004)</ref>. The binary response in this case was whether or not a batter was hit. In addition, we controlled for situational variables that might also contribute to rates of batters being hit by pitches. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,354.29,635.28,86.98,8.78" target="#b21">Reifman et al. (1991)</ref> reasoned that hot days may simply make a pitcher less accurate than normal-perhaps because of fatigue or a slippery hand-and they addressed this possibility by including indicators of inaccuracy (e.g., walks and wild pitches) as control variables. We also included proxies for pitcher inaccuracy in our analysis. <ref type="table" coords="2,475.13,695.28,29.66,8.78" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> presents the full set of control variables and the justifications for their inclusion in the analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>As predicted, there was a significant interaction between temperature and the number of teammates hit by the opposing pitchers (see <ref type="table" coords="3,101.30,467.28,29.17,8.78" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). We plotted the interaction in <ref type="figure" coords="3,259.17,467.28,32.61,8.78">Figure 1</ref>, which shows the expected probability of a pitcher hitting a batter as a function of temperature and the number of the pitcher's teammates hit by the opposing team earlier in a game. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,273.09,501.10,3.25,5.71">3</ref> The results show a clear pattern. The probability of a pitcher hitting a batter is weakly related to temperature at times when the opposing team has not hit any of the pitcher's teammates; however, the probability of hitting a batter increases sharply with temperature as the number of hit teammates increases.</p><p>We performed two additional tests. First, we tested whether the probability of a pitcher hitting a batter was related to how many batters the pitching team previously hit during the same game. This variable did not have a significant effect, nor did it interact with either temperature or number of hit teammates. These results suggest that retaliation does not depend on the number of batters hit on one team relative to the other <ref type="bibr" coords="3,133.95,659.28,68.65,8.78" target="#b5">(Axelrod, 1984)</ref>-the driver of retaliation was simply the interaction of temperature with the number of teammates hit by opposing pitchers earlier in the game. Second, we created a quadratic term for temperature and found that neither it nor its interaction with hit teammates was a significant predictor of the likelihood of a batter being hit. One explanation for finding just a linear effect is that enforcing the norm of retaliation is more important than escaping from the situation. A more general explanation is that the obligation of pitching makes extended exposure to heat unavoidable. In crime data, the incidence of outdoor crime drops at high temperatures because potential offenders avoid being outside <ref type="bibr" coords="3,397.30,479.28,51.20,8.78" target="#b8">(Bell, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,453.52,479.28,97.08,8.78" target="#b24">Rotton &amp; Cohn, 2004)</ref>. Pitchers cannot avoid their job in high heat. 4</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>In an analysis of more than 57,000 MLB games, we found that higher temperatures interacted with a greater number of teammates being hit by a pitch to increase the chances of a pitcher subsequently hitting an opposing batter. This pattern held even when we controlled for a number of other influences on batters being hit by a pitch. We believe that the most plausible explanation for this pattern is that heat increases anger and arousal, and this psychological state changes how pitchers interpret and respond to provocation. The pattern clearly suggests that hitting batters with pitches is an act of aggression and not simply an accident of heat-induced inaccuracy.</p><p>The spreading interaction depicted in <ref type="figure" coords="3,474.31,671.28,34.30,8.78">Figure 1</ref> shows that the probability of a pitcher hitting a batter is a function of both temperature and provocation. When none of a pitcher's teammates has been hit by a pitch, the probability that the pitcher will hit an opposing batter is only weakly related to temperature. The probability that the pitcher will hit a batter increases at higher temperatures if more of the pitcher's teammates have been hit earlier in the game. Thus, during an otherwise identical event-a pitcher's teammate is hit by a pitch in the first inning-the probability that the pitcher will hit a batter on the opposing team later in the game increases from roughly .22 when the temperature is 55 °F to .27 when it is 95 °F. 5 It is tempting to believe that retaliation is a crime of passion. More precisely, retaliation seems like a form of affective aggression-which is immediate, emotional, and automaticand not a form of instrumental aggression-which is more deliberate <ref type="bibr" coords="4,89.44,503.00,50.47,8.78" target="#b15">(Geen, 2001)</ref>. Although a batter charging the mound after being hit by a pitch may be driven by affective aggression, this explanation is less plausible for a pitcher hitting a batter. Retaliation by a pitcher occurs one or more innings after an offense, and a typical time lapse between innings is 15 min. In all likelihood, retaliatory pitches are an example of a mixed-motive reaction <ref type="bibr" coords="4,153.99,575.00,125.03,8.78" target="#b3">(Anderson &amp; Bushman, 2002)</ref>, in which anger and calculation (including group deliberation) fuel the decision to retaliate.</p><p>Using field data to examine the relationship between heat and aggression has both limitations and benefits. We have posited two processes by which heat might lead an ambiguous event-a teammate being hit by a pitch-to provoke an aggressive response. One process is a tendency to make increasingly hostile interpretations; the other process is an increased likelihood of invoking an aggression script. A limitation of the current research is that we could not examine the direct influence of either process with our data. Carefully designed experiments, however, could examine the influence of each process.</p><p>A limitation of laboratory studies, however, is that the outcomes of extended interactions may be missed. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,515.43,407.00,39.58,8.78;4,307.50,419.00,48.82,8.78" target="#b2">Anderson et al. (2000)</ref> provided an interesting example of this problem. In reviewing the theoretical explanations for heat-induced aggression, they noted that one theory-the social-justice model-predicts higher levels of initial aggression after a provocation but lower levels at later points in time because the motive for retribution has been satisfied. This pattern has received empirical support in the laboratory <ref type="bibr" coords="4,489.44,491.00,65.55,8.78;4,307.50,503.00,21.94,8.78" target="#b2">(Anderson et al. 2000)</ref>. However, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,380.43,503.00,64.52,8.78">Anderson et al.</ref> noted that this laboratory pattern may not generalize to interactions that unfold over time. In extended interactions, retaliation for an offense can provoke further retaliation <ref type="bibr" coords="4,439.31,539.00,75.95,8.78" target="#b19">(Luckenbill, 1977)</ref>. That is, although one side in a conflict may think it has settled an old account through an aggressive act, the other side may perceive the aggression as opening a new account that then needs to be settled <ref type="bibr" coords="4,415.67,587.00,103.60,8.78" target="#b17">(Kahn &amp; Kramer, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,523.94,587.00,31.02,8.78;4,307.50,599.00,147.59,8.78" target="#b18">Keysar, Converse, Wang, &amp; Epley, 2008)</ref>. We believe that the increased degree of retaliation at high temperatures in baseball illustrates the role that temperature can play in exacerbating conflict. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Notes</head><p>1. Uncomfortably cold temperatures have been shown to increase aggression in laboratory studies but not in field studies. As <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.00,119.65,82.20,7.90" target="#b2">Anderson et al. (2000)</ref> stated, "There is one simple explanation [for this phenomenon]. People and societies are generally better at reducing cold discomfort (via clothing, heating) than they are at reducing heat discomfort" (p. 93).</p><p>2. Other factors complicate the identification of the functional relationship between heat and aggression in field studies; these factors include the relationships among temperature, time of day, and choice of activity at that time of day <ref type="bibr" coords="5,161.86,203.63,44.02,7.90" target="#b8">(Bell, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,209.15,203.63,82.44,7.90" target="#b24">Rotton &amp; Cohn, 2004)</ref>. Using MLB games allowed us to test this functional relationship without these complicating factors.</p><p>3. <ref type="figure" coords="5,59.25,239.62,31.11,7.90">Figure 1</ref> is based on plotting the predicted values for the actual cases in the data <ref type="bibr" coords="5,110.32,251.62,55.83,7.90" target="#b16">(Hoetker, 2007)</ref>. Specifically, the regression model was used to calculate a predicted probability of a hit batter for each case as a function of its values for the variables in the model. The predicted values were then grouped by temperature level and number of teammates hit by the opposing team. This procedure yielded a final value based on representative cases. 4. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,59.09,323.60,70.10,7.90" target="#b26">Timmerman (2007)</ref> has shown that pitchers born in the U.S. South are more likely than others to retaliate when their teammates are hit by a pitch. We tested whether temperature remained a key variable after controlling for three measures of southernness: the location of the game, birthplace of the pitcher, and home location of each team. Only one southernness variable had a significant effect (see <ref type="table" coords="5,263.48,383.59,25.35,7.90" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>): Playing games in the southern United States increased the probability of a pitcher hitting a batter. This result suggests that a subculture difference <ref type="bibr" coords="5,88.64,419.58,97.04,7.90" target="#b20">(Nisbett &amp; Cohen, 1996)</ref>-perhaps fan expectationscontributes to pitchers' aggressiveness. 5. The probability per plate appearance of hitting a batter after one teammate has been hit is roughly .007 at 55 °F and .009 at 95 °F. Assuming that there are 35 more plate appearances after the first inning, the chance of not hitting a batter during the rest of the game would be .78 in the former case, (1 -.007) 35 , and .73 in the latter case, (1 -.009) <ref type="bibr" coords="5,83.90,501.70,5.85,5.14">35</ref> . The corresponding chances of hitting a batter would be .22 and .27, respectively.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="3,54.76,66.52,488.45,319.14"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Game and Situational Variables Used to Predict Batters Being Hit by a Pitch</figDesc><table coords="3,54.76,88.52,488.45,297.14">Variable 
Level 
M 
SD 
Range 
Justification for inclusion in the analysis 

Year 
G 
1994.36 
12.22 
1952-2009 
Incidences of batters hit by pitches have increased 
over time (Trandel, 2004) 
Attendance (in thousands) 
G 
27.09 
12.59 
0.41-78.67 
Important games may evoke greater competitiveness 
Designated hitter used 
(0 = no; 1 = yes) 

G 
.49 
.50 
0-1 
Designated hitters increase the likelihood of batters 
being hit by a pitch because pitchers are protected 
from retaliation (Bradbury &amp; Drinen, 2007) 
Game played in the 
southern United States 
(0 = no; 1 = yes) 

G 
.17 
.38 
0-1 
Games played in the South may evoke culture of 
honor 

Inning (1-9) 
P 
5.01 
2.67 
1-22 
Proxy for other game events that vary with time 
Hits allowed by pitcher 
P 
2.28 
2.27 
0-16 
Proxy for pitcher inaccuracy and frustration 
Home runs allowed by 
pitcher 

P 
0.22 
0.50 
0-6 
Proxy for pitcher inaccuracy and frustration 

Walks allowed by pitcher 
P 
0.78 
1.06 
0-12 
Proxy for pitcher inaccuracy and frustration 
Wild pitches thrown by 
pitcher 

P 
0.07 
0.27 
0-4 
Proxy for pitcher inaccuracy 

Errors by pitcher's team 
P 
0.11 
0.34 
0-5 
Proxy for general inaccuracy 
Score difference (own team 
minus opposing team) 

P 
−0.03 
3.13 
−22-22 
Higher difference between the pitcher's team's score 
and the batter's team's score makes hitting a batter 
less costly 
Teammates hit by 
opposing team 

P 
0.15 
0.41 
0-5 
More teammates hit should increase retaliation 

Temperature (°F at game 
time) 

G 
72.72 
10.92 
26-109 
Heat should increase aggression 

Note: G = game-level statistic (value for whole game); P = plate-appearance-level statistic (value at time of plate appearance). 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="4,54.73,70.41,500.29,300.53"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Generalized Estimating Equations Predicting the Per-Plate-Appearance Probability of a Batter Being Hit by a Pitch From Game and Situational Variables Note: N = 4,566,468 plate appearances within 57,293 games. *p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .01. ***p &lt; .001. Mean Predicted Probability of Hit Batter .012 Number of Teammates Hit by Opposing PitchersFig. 1. Predicted probability of a batter being hit as a function of temperature and the number of the pitcher's teammates hit by the opposing team's pitcher earlier in a game.</figDesc><table coords="4,54.73,113.41,227.85,218.65">Predictor 
b 
SE b 

Year 
0.019*** 
0.0005 
Attendance (in thousands) 
0.002** 
0.0005 
Designated hitter used 
−0.001 
0.0110 
Game played in the southern United 
States 

0.041** 
0.0145 

Inning 
−0.004 
0.0021 
Hits allowed by pitcher 
−0.012*** 
0.0029 
Home runs allowed by pitcher 
−0.006 
0.0121 
Walks allowed by pitcher 
0.004 
0.0057 
Wild pitches thrown by pitcher 
−0.024 
0.0214 
Errors by pitcher's team 
−0.037* 
0.0173 
Score difference (own team minus 
opposing team) 

0.031*** 
0.0018 

Teammates hit by opposing team 
−0.158 
0.0885 
Temperature 
0.001* 
0.0006 
Temperature × Teammates Hit by 
Opposing Team 

0.004** 
0.0012 

Constant 
−42.797*** 
1.0922 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank Retrosheet for the data used in our analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Declaration of Conflicting Interests</head><p>The authors declared that they had no conflicts of interest with respect to their authorship or the publication of this article.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="5,48.00,551.66,247.48,7.90;5,62.00,563.65,233.50,7.91;5,62.00,575.65,75.75,7.91" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Temperature and aggression: Ubiquitous effects of heat on occurrence of human violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">106</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="74" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,48.00,587.65,247.46,7.90;5,62.00,599.65,233.51,7.90;5,62.00,611.64,233.50,7.91;5,62.00,623.63,164.49,7.91" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Examining an affective aggression framework: Weapon and temperature effects on aggressive thoughts, affect, and attitudes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Deuser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="366" to="376" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,48.00,635.64,247.50,7.90;5,62.00,647.64,233.50,7.90;5,62.00,659.62,233.51,7.91;5,62.00,671.63,166.99,7.90" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Temperature and aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Dorr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Deneve</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Flanagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in experimental social psychology</title>
		<editor>M.P. Zanna</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Diego, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="133" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,48.00,683.62,247.50,7.91;5,62.00,695.62,121.73,7.91" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bushman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.51,71.63,247.49,7.90;5,321.51,83.62,233.52,7.90;5,321.51,95.61,233.51,7.91;5,321.51,107.61,123.99,7.91" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hot temperatures, hostile affect, hostile cognition, and arousal: Tests of a general model of affective aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Deuser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Deneve</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="434" to="448" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.51,119.61,247.50,7.91;5,321.51,131.61,47.50,7.90" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The evolution of cooperation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Axelrod</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Basic Books</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.51,143.61,247.47,7.90;5,321.51,155.60,233.51,7.91;5,321.52,167.60,33.75,7.90" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using generalized estimating equations for longitudinal data analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ballinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="127" to="150" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,179.60,247.53,7.90;5,321.52,191.60,233.47,7.90;5,321.52,203.59,233.51,7.91;5,321.53,215.59,33.75,7.90" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aggression and heat: Mediating effects of prior provocation and exposure to an aggressive model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="825" to="832" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,227.59,247.46,7.90;5,321.53,239.58,212.15,7.91" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In defense of the negative affect escape model of heat and aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="342" to="346" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,251.58,247.49,7.90;5,321.53,263.57,233.50,7.91;5,321.53,275.58,24.75,7.90" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reanalysis and perspective in the heat-aggression debate</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,287.56,247.51,7.91;5,321.53,299.57,41.84,7.90" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Three nights in August</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Bissinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<pubPlace>New York, NY: Houghton Mifflin</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,311.57,247.54,7.90;5,321.53,323.56,233.48,7.90;5,321.53,335.55,116.49,7.91" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Crime and punishment in Major League Baseball: The case of the designated hitter and hit batters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bradbury</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Drinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="144" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,347.56,247.51,7.90;5,321.53,359.56,233.98,7.90;5,321.53,371.54,233.50,7.91;5,321.53,383.54,177.74,7.91" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is the curve relating temperature to aggression linear or curvilinear? A response to Bell (2005) and to Cohn and Rotton</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bushman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="74" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,395.55,247.46,7.90;5,321.53,407.53,233.50,7.91;5,321.53,419.53,195.74,7.91" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assault as a function of time and temperature: A moderator-variable time-series analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rotton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1322" to="1334" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,431.54,247.53,7.90;5,321.53,443.53,233.48,7.90;5,321.53,455.52,233.50,7.91;5,321.53,467.52,155.49,7.91" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is the curve relating temperature to aggression linear or curvilinear?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rotton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The curve is still out there: A reply to Bushman, Wang, and Anderson&apos;s</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="70" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,479.52,247.49,7.91;5,321.52,491.52,96.16,7.90" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Human aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Geen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Open University</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Buckingham, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,503.52,247.45,7.90;5,321.52,515.51,233.51,7.91;5,321.52,527.50,79.75,7.91" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The use of logit and probit models in strategic management research: Critical issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Hoetker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,539.51,247.52,7.90;5,321.52,551.51,233.50,7.90;5,321.52,563.50,233.49,7.91;5,321.52,575.49,233.51,7.91;5,321.52,587.50,46.74,7.90" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Untying the knot: De-escalatory processes in international conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Organizations and nation-states: New perspectives on conflict and cooperation</title>
		<editor>R.L. Kahn &amp; M.N. Zald</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Francisco, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Jossey-Bass</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="180" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,599.50,247.51,7.90;5,321.52,611.49,233.47,7.90;5,321.52,623.48,192.72,7.91" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reciprocity is not give and take: Asymmetric reciprocity to positive and negative acts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Keysar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Converse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Epley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1280" to="1286" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,635.49,247.51,7.90;5,321.52,647.47,110.66,7.91" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Criminal homicide as a situated transaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Luckenbill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Problems</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="176" to="186" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,659.47,247.51,7.91;5,321.52,671.47,176.16,7.91" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Culture of honor: The psychology of violence in the South</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nisbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Westview</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boulder, CO</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,307.52,683.47,247.50,7.90;5,321.52,695.47,233.48,7.90;6,62.00,71.65,233.51,7.91;6,62.01,83.66,33.12,7.90" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Temper and temperature on the diamond: The heat-aggression relationship in Major League Baseball</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Reifman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Larrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Fein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="580" to="585" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.01,95.65,247.51,7.91;6,62.01,107.65,205.23,7.90" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Play-by-play data files (event files)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Retrosheet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.retrosheet.org/game.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Retrieved</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.01,119.65,247.49,7.90;6,62.01,131.64,233.50,7.91;6,62.01,143.63,126.99,7.91" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Violence is a curvilinear function of temperature in Dallas: A replication</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rotton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1074" to="1081" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.01,155.64,247.46,7.90;6,62.01,167.64,233.51,7.90;6,62.01,179.62,177.40,7.91" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outdoor temperature, climate control, and criminal assault: The spatial and temporal ecology of violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rotton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environment &amp; Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="276" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.01,191.62,247.50,7.91;6,62.00,203.62,233.48,7.91;6,62.00,215.62,51.24,7.90" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social conflict: Escalation, stalemate, and settlement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Rubin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pruitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,307.50,71.62,247.49,7.90;6,321.51,83.62,233.47,7.90;6,321.51,95.61,162.83,7.91" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It was a thought pitch&quot;: Personal, situational, and target influences on hit-by-pitch events across time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Timmerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="876" to="884" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,307.50,107.62,247.47,7.90;6,321.51,119.60,233.51,7.91;6,321.52,131.61,24.75,7.90" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hit by pitches: Moral hazard, cost-benefit, retaliation, or lack of evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Trandel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Sports Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,307.51,143.60,247.52,7.91;6,321.52,155.59,233.52,7.91;6,321.52,167.59,164.25,7.91" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The baseball codes: Beanballs, sign stealing, and bench-clearing brawls: The unwritten rules of America&apos;s pastime</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Turbow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Duca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Pantheon</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,307.51,179.60,247.52,7.90;6,321.52,191.59,233.51,7.90;6,321.52,203.58,233.51,7.91;6,321.52,215.59,33.75,7.90" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Excitation transfer from physical exercise to subsequent aggressive behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Zillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Katcher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Milavsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="259" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
