<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">(electronic) Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions: Evidence from an Event Study in the</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2014-05">May 2014</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christian</forename><surname>Homburg</surname></persName>
							<email>homburg@bwl.uni-mannheim.de.josef</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Josef</forename><surname>Vollmayr</surname></persName>
							<email>josef.vollmayr@bwl.uni-mannheim.de.alexander</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><surname>Hahn</surname></persName>
							<email>alexander.hahn@hyve.net.</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">United States</orgName>
								<address>
									<country>Germany, and China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Institute for Market-Oriented Manage-ment, University of Mannheim, and Professorial Fellow</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Management and Marketing</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Melbourne</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Hahn is Project Manager</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">HYVE AG</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Munich</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">(electronic) Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions: Evidence from an Event Study in the</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Marketing</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="61"/>
							<date type="published" when="2014-05">May 2014</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1509/jm.12.0179</idno>
					<note>38 Online Supplement: Christian Homburg is Professor of Marketing, Chair of the Marketing Department, and Director of the Vollmayr is a doctoral student, Marketing Department, University of Mannheim The authors thank the three anony-mous JM reviewers as well as Martin Artz, Markus Glaser, and Arnd Vomberg for helpful comments on earlier versions of this article. All authors contributed equally to this article. Jan-Benedict E.M. Steenkamp served as area editor for this article.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:03+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>marketing channels</term>
					<term>distribution intensity</term>
					<term>event study</term>
					<term>marketing and firm value</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Although changes to the channel system are among a firm's most critical decisions, prior research has neglected to examine the impact of channel expansions on firm value. This article investigates whether a firm's announcement of an increase in distribution intensity or the establishment of a new channel influences firm value. The authors also consider the moderating role of context-specific firm, market, and channel strategy contingencies. They test their hypotheses with an event study of 240 announcements of major channel expansions in the United States, Germany, and China. The results indicate that channel expansions affect firm value (i.e., through abnormal stock returns). However, the two types of channel expansions affect firm value differently. Whereas the establishment of a new channel positively influences firm value, reactions to an increase in distribution intensity are highly contingent. For example, firms operating in exceedingly turbulent or competitive markets experience firm value reductions in response to an increase in distribution intensity. Notably, the same two environmental contingencies enhance firm value when the firm establishes a new channel.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>C hannel expansions are among a firm's most important marketing actions because they have a longterm impact on firm performance and are largely irreversible <ref type="bibr" coords="1,101.91,434.50,158.59,16.27" target="#b32">(Chu, Chintagunta, and Vilcassim 2007)</ref>. In particular, a firm's channel system is associated with considerable costs. In many industries, channel costs-including personnel, information technology, and dealer provisionsaccount for a large share of the firm's total expenditures. For example, channel costs amount to approximately 10% in the automotive industry and up to 28% in the pharmaceutical industry <ref type="bibr" coords="1,112.41,515.00,63.08,16.27" target="#b40">(Daimler 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,179.70,515.00,49.61,16.27" target="#b109">Pfizer 2013)</ref>. In the United States alone, firms invested $800 billion in their direct sales forces <ref type="bibr" coords="1,81.18,538.00,144.16,16.27" target="#b155">(Zoltners, Sinha, and Lorimer 2008)</ref>.</p><p>In addition, the firm's channel system is one of its key assets and can constitute a sustainable competitive advan-tage <ref type="bibr" coords="1,338.88,400.00,59.79,16.27" target="#b112">(Purohit 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,402.73,400.00,150.96,16.27" target="#b147">Wallace, Johnson, and Umesh 2009)</ref>. For example, customers of a firm that offers multiple channels can select the channel that provides optimal channel functions <ref type="bibr" coords="1,358.59,434.89,50.86,16.27" target="#b140">(Tyagi 2004)</ref>. Moreover, a differentiated channel system enhances the firm's ability to cope with increasingly dynamic and competitive markets <ref type="bibr" coords="1,459.60,458.15,79.56,16.27" target="#b103">(Neslin et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,542.44,458.15,15.55,16.27;1,318.00,469.78,81.15,16.27" target="#b145">Van Bruggen et al. 2010)</ref>.</p><p>However, empirical marketing research has remained largely silent on the market value of channel measures <ref type="bibr" coords="1,538.01,493.04,15.99,16.27;1,318.00,504.67,40.69,16.27" target="#b54">(Frazier 1999)</ref>. Although research has linked other marketing actions to firm value, such as advertising spending, product launches, and price promotions, it has provided few insights into channel actions. In particular, "the relationship between channel strategy and market valuation is ... underresearched" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,367.93,562.82,158.17,16.27">(Srinivasan and Hanssens 2009, p. 307)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="1,333.00,574.44,29.70,16.27" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> reflects the current state of research in this area; specifically, it shows that research on the outcomes of having a greater variety of channels is scarce and findings on performance consequences are conflicting <ref type="bibr" coords="1,489.99,609.33,63.64,16.27;1,317.99,620.96,106.43,16.27" target="#b33">(Coelho, Easingwood, and Coelho 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,429.46,620.96,128.54,16.27" target="#b49">Easingwood and Storey 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,318.00,632.59,67.37,16.27" target="#b130">Srinivasan 2006)</ref>. Notably, only two studies link the addition of an Internet channel to firm value. Employing a sample from Taiwan, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,389.04,655.85,77.48,16.27" target="#b27">Cheng et al. (2007)</ref> show that the addition of an electronic channel increases financial service firms' cumulative abnormal returns, economic value added, and market value added. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,412.23,690.74,145.76,16.27;1,318.00,702.37,26.66,16.27" target="#b58">Geyskens, Gielens, and Dekimpe (2002)</ref> find that, on average, Internet channel investments constitute positive net present value investments. However, ✓ ---- <ref type="bibr" coords="2,173.12,686.46,15.62,37.52;2,173.12,668.69,15.62,15.02;2,173.12,642.95,15.62,23.00;2,183.12,688.96,15.61,26.02" target="#b120">Reibstein and Farris (1995)</ref> Supermarket scanner data for 12 product categories The relationship between distribution intensity and unit sales is convex.  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Studies Focusing on Performance Outcomes of a Firm's Distribution Intensity and Number of Channels</head><p>Notes: ✓ examined in the study, -not examined in the study.</p><p>the direction and magnitude of firm value creation or destruction depends on firm-, strategy-, and market-related contingencies.</p><p>Although increases in distribution intensity constitute a frequent approach to channel expansion, as <ref type="table" coords="3,233.08,82.92,30.24,16.27" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> shows, previous empirical research has focused on determinants and has not yet explored performance outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="3,254.97,106.38,39.03,16.27;3,54.00,118.10,65.14,16.27" target="#b53">(Fein and Anderson 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,122.62,118.10,100.82,16.27">Frazier and Lassar 1996)</ref>. In addition, the limited findings on performance outcomes are fragmented and varied: increasing the level of a firm's distribution intensity is related to both increased firm market share and decreased profits of indirect channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="3,236.77,165.02,53.06,16.27;3,54.00,176.75,121.53,16.27" target="#b7">(Bucklin, Siddarth, and Silva-Risso 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,180.54,176.75,113.46,16.27" target="#b120">Reibstein and Farris 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.00,188.48,191.12,16.27" target="#b146">Vanhonacker, Mahajan, and Bronnenberg 2000)</ref>. Therefore, this study addresses a managerially important yet largely neglected question: How do channel expansions affect firm value? <ref type="bibr" coords="3,80.09,223.34,3.75,12.20">1</ref> Following <ref type="bibr" coords="3,112.99,235.40,104.12,16.27" target="#b145">Van Bruggen et al. (2010)</ref>, we conceptualize two basic options for a firm aiming to expand its channel system: a firm may (1) increase distribution intensity or (2) establish a new channel. A channel is a set of internal or external channel entities (e.g., stores, salespeople, Internet shops) that facilitate the movement of goods and services from the point of production to the point of sale to customers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.00,317.50,92.51,16.27" target="#b89">(Levy and Weitz 2009)</ref>. Each channel offers a certain configuration of functions in terms of customer service, spatial convenience, provision of information, product variety, and waiting and delivery time <ref type="bibr" coords="3,162.76,352.69,91.02,16.27" target="#b36">(Coughlan et al. 2008)</ref>. We first consider an increase in distribution intensity, which refers to an expansion of the number of channel entities within an existing channel at a particular level of an existing channel (e.g., wholesalers or retailers; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,176.41,399.60,117.59,16.27;3,54.00,411.33,50.47,16.27" target="#b7">Bucklin, Siddarth, and Silva-Risso 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,109.52,411.33,106.42,16.27">Frazier and Lassar 1996)</ref>. For example, in 2010, Volkswagen doubled the number of dealers in China from 1,300 to 2,600. Second, we consider the establishment of a new channel, which refers to the addition of a new channel to the firm's existing channel system . Each channel is a welldefined process through which customers can select, purchase, and receive a product or service, and each comes with a specific level of service outputs, search convenience, and costs for customers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,156.92,516.90,79.14,16.27" target="#b81">(Jindal et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,240.12,516.90,53.88,16.27;3,54.00,528.63,104.38,16.27" target="#b117">Rangaswamy and Van Bruggen 2005)</ref>. For example, in 1997, Avon launched a direct Internet channel to become the first beauty company to sell its products online.</p><p>We theoretically link firm value to these two channel expansions by elaborating on supply-side and demand-side value-creation mechanisms. However, we do not expect that these channel expansions affect firm value equally across firms and markets. Therefore, we integrate a set of firm, market, and channel expansion strategy contingency factors into the conceptual framework.</p><p>To test the hypotheses empirically, we conduct an event study of 240 announcements of major channel expansions of U.S., German, and Chinese firms from 2000 to 2010. We specify a multinomial selection model to account for potential selection bias <ref type="bibr" coords="3,397.90,118.12,160.10,16.27;3,318.00,129.71,21.62,16.27" target="#b3">(Bourguignon, Fournier, and Gurgand 2007)</ref>. The results demonstrate that, ceteris paribus, the establishment of a new channel has a positive impact on firm value. However, reactions to an increase in distribution intensity are highly contingent. For example, in response to an increase in distribution intensity, firm value is reduced for firms operating in turbulent markets, whereas firm value is created for firms with high market share. Moreover, firm value creation in response to the establishment of a new channel is less positive for highly efficient firms but more positive for firms in highly competitive markets. These findings provide three major contributions to the existing literature.</p><p>First, although previous studies have examined the impact of Internet channels on firm value <ref type="bibr" coords="3,472.98,281.37,85.03,16.27" target="#b27">(Cheng et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,318.00,292.96,161.83,16.27" target="#b58">Geyskens, Gielens, and Dekimpe 2002)</ref>, the insights from our investigation are more generalizable than those of prior research because we consider the establishment of various types of channels. In addition, this study links an increase in distribution intensity to firms' market valuation. Prior research has neglected channel expansions through increased distribution intensity, although they constitute 48% of the expansions in our sample. Our study's results demonstrate that firms' market value reacts differently to the two types of channel expansions; thus, we conclude that both researchers and managers must distinguish the types of expansions and attend to their differing performance implications.</p><p>Second, we augment the contingency perspective of the marketing-finance interface, in that the results demonstrate that the link between channel expansions and firm value is not equal across firms, markets, and channel strategies. Thus, further research on channel actions should consider the highly contingent nature of channel expansions. Moreover, our findings help managers understand how they should expand the channel system within their specific firm and market context to increase firm value. We also offer advice to managers regarding how they should shape the channel expansion strategy.</p><p>Third, owing to the study's cross-country, cross-industry research design, the insights gained from the empirical analysis are largely generalizable. The results complement insights from prior research focusing on particular industries (e.g., newspapers, financial service industries; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,531.90,607.87,26.11,16.27;3,318.00,619.46,45.21,16.27" target="#b27">Cheng et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,365.97,619.46,158.05,16.27" target="#b58">Geyskens, Gielens, and Dekimpe 2002)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Value-Creation Potential of Channel Expansions</head><p>Changes in a firm's market value in response to a channel expansion (i.e., abnormal stock returns) reflect the anticipated changes in the firm's future expected cash flows resulting from this channel expansion <ref type="bibr" coords="3,471.06,714.00,78.33,16.27" target="#b107">(Pauwels et al. 2004</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="40">/ Journal of Marketing, May 2014</head><p>1 This study does not focus on channel contractions. Although studying channel contractions may be a promising research avenue, identifying announcements of channel contractions is empirically challenging because neither firms nor the business press tend to report such channel design actions. For example, from 2000 to 2010, we identified 240 announcements of channel expansions compared with only 13 announcements of channel reductions. Nevertheless, we report initial findings on these 13 contractions in the "Discussion" section. We thank an anonymous reviewer for pointing out this issue.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 41</head><p>To theoretically link such channel expansions to firm value, we outline how investors may perceive value-creation mechanisms on the supply side (i.e., the firm) and the demand side (i.e., the firm's customers) .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Supply-Side Mechanisms</head><p>Regarding the supply side, we consider three mechanisms through which channel expansions may create value. First, channel expansions may change intrachannel competition, which is the level of competition between channel entities within a certain channel. For example, when a firm uses various department stores, how fiercely do the stores compete against one another? We expect that stronger intrachannel competition may benefit the firm because it reduces the channel members' bargaining power and pricing autonomy and, thus, the threat of double marginalization <ref type="bibr" coords="4,71.98,235.58,96.67,16.27">(Ingene and Parry 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,171.07,235.58,114.88,16.27" target="#b106">Padmanabhan and Png 1997)</ref>. 2 However, increasing intrachannel competition may also have value-destroying effects as a result of lower cost efficiency and potential channel conflict caused by sales entities' cannibalization and free riding <ref type="bibr" coords="4,213.67,282.47,80.34,16.27;4,54.00,294.19,54.15,16.27" target="#b46">(Dutta, Heide, and Bergen 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,110.82,294.19,82.16,16.27" target="#b56">Ganesan et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,195.65,294.19,98.35,16.27;4,54.00,305.92,21.53,16.27" target="#b122">Sa Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>.</p><p>Second, we consider interchannel competition, which occurs when a firm offers its products across several channels that compete against one another. Thus, it refers to the level of competition between channel entities across channels. For example, in selling a Sony Music DVD, how fierce is the competition between department stores and Internet channels such as Amazon.com? Strong interchannel competition may benefit the firm by increasing its power relative to its channel entities and by encouraging greater channel efficiency through competitive pressure <ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.00,434.87,53.80,16.27" target="#b50">(Etgar 1979)</ref>. However, it may also destroy value by decreasing the level of cooperation and information sharing between the firm and its channel entities as a result of channel conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="4,105.95,470.04,85.69,16.27" target="#b56">(Ganesan et al. 2009</ref>). Such negative consequences may be especially pronounced when the firm's direct channels compete with independent indirect channels because the indirect channels may suspect the firm of siphoning off their margin. Moreover, customers could destroy value through free-riding behavior because they may use the services of a premium channel while buying through a discount channel (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="4,180.17,552.11,109.53,16.27" target="#b122">Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>.</p><p>Third, because transaction costs can be up to 35% of total costs, we consider how channel expansions may affect a firm's transaction costs <ref type="bibr" coords="4,159.80,587.28,78.24,16.27" target="#b8">(Butler et al. 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,241.44,587.28,48.25,16.27" target="#b104">North 1990)</ref>. Transaction costs are all costs associated with governance of exchange partners in the sales system <ref type="bibr" coords="4,495.16,36.00,62.84,16.27" target="#b70">(Hennart 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.00,47.50,124.18,16.27" target="#b87">Klein, Frazier, and Roth 1990)</ref>. We consider the following five types of channel transaction costs <ref type="bibr" coords="4,492.29,59.00,65.71,16.27;4,318.00,70.50,22.03,16.27" target="#b48">(Dyer and Chu 2003)</ref>: search costs, contracting costs, bargaining costs, monitoring costs, and enforcement/safeguard costs. Search costs involve gathering information to identify and evaluate potential channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="4,424.65,105.00,133.34,16.27;4,318.00,116.50,21.22,16.27" target="#b6">(Brynjolfsson, Hu, and Simester 2011)</ref>. Contracting costs arise in negotiating an agreement with channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="4,405.11,128.00,85.31,16.27" target="#b48">(Dyer and Chu 2003)</ref>, and bargaining costs are expenditures incurred in the renegotiation of contracts to incorporate changes <ref type="bibr" coords="4,450.03,151.00,107.97,16.27;4,318.00,162.50,22.12,16.27" target="#b39">(Dahlstrom and Nygaard 1999)</ref>. Monitoring costs result from efforts to monitor whether the channel entities fulfill their agreed-on channel functions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,361.15,185.50,50.80,16.27" target="#b48">(Dyer 1997)</ref>. Enforcement or safeguard costs occur in ensuring a channel entity's compliance with an agreement, in sanctioning channel entities that deviate from agreements, and in responding to communication and coordination failures with channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="4,481.31,231.50,76.68,16.27;4,318.00,243.00,22.34,16.27" target="#b86">(Klein and Leffler 1981)</ref>. We expect that channel expansions increase or decrease certain transaction costs.</p><p>Fourth, we consider how channel expansions may affect a firm's production costs. Production costs include the direct costs of producing and delivering a product or service and reflect differences in scale or production capability <ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.00,312.08,102.36,16.27" target="#b110">(Poppo and Zenger 1998)</ref>. Channel expansions may enable a firm to spread fixed costs across a larger volume of business, thus realizing economies of scale. Moreover, channel expansions may enable a firm to increase the levels of specialization in its sales system, which may also lead to economies of scale <ref type="bibr" coords="4,397.33,369.58,124.88,16.27" target="#b87">(Klein, Frazier, and Roth 1990)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Demand-Side Mechanisms</head><p>Regarding demand-side value-creating mechanisms; first, channel expansions enlarge a firm's market coverage by enabling the firm to target additional customer segments or geographical regions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,410.02,439.25,106.34,16.27" target="#b114">(Quelch and Klein 1996)</ref>. Second, channel expansions may add to the level and variety of channel functions that a firm provides to customers, helping the firm better meet the needs of different customer segments and thus generate additional demand <ref type="bibr" coords="4,506.17,485.25,51.83,16.27;4,318.00,496.75,55.00,16.27">(Purohit and Staelin 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,377.45,496.75,117.07,16.27" target="#b125">Sharma and Mehrotra 2007)</ref>. For example, whereas more intense distribution may offer wider availability to nearby customers, a newly established channel may provide a higher service level in terms of product variety and thus attract additional customers or increase the purchase amount and purchase frequency of existing customers <ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.00,565.75,138.05,16.27" target="#b19">(Ansari, Mela, and Neslin 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,460.84,565.75,97.16,16.27;4,318.00,577.25,21.53,16.27" target="#b88">Kumar and Venkatesan 2005)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>How Do Channel Expansions Influence Abnormal Returns?</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Increase in Distribution Intensity</head><p>Figure 1 depicts the conceptual framework, which focuses on the two basic modes of channel expansion-an increase in distribution intensity and the establishment of a new channel. An increase in distribution intensity refers to an expansion of the number of channel entities at a particular level within an existing channel, such as wholesalers or retailers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,89.63,372.00,170.94,16.27" target="#b7">(Bucklin, Siddarth, and Silva-Risso 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,264.00,372.00,25.00,16.27;5,54.00,384.21,77.74,16.27">Coughlan and Lal 1992)</ref>. An illustrative example is Hewlett-Packard's 2008 rollout of 7,500 additional retail partner stores across 1,000 major cities in Asia-Pacific to increase its customer reach <ref type="bibr" coords="5,130.00,420.86,81.10,16.27" target="#b28">(Chia and Teo 2008)</ref>.</p><p>An increase in distribution intensity heightens intrachannel competition because a greater number of sales entities compete for the channel's customers. This competition may lead to a lower cost efficiency caused by increasing cannibalization of the sales entities <ref type="bibr" coords="5,209.93,481.93,84.07,16.27;5,54.00,494.14,21.53,16.27" target="#b43">(Deleersnyder et al. 2002)</ref>. In addition, channel conflict may increase due to greater free-riding behavior of sales entities on sales services <ref type="bibr" coords="5,77.32,518.57,131.44,16.27" target="#b46">(Dutta, Heide, and Bergen 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,211.54,518.57,82.47,16.27" target="#b56">Ganesan et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,54.00,530.79,123.79,16.27" target="#b122">Sa Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>, resulting in higher transaction costs for safeguarding, adapting, and evaluating appropriate channel behavior. However, greater intrachannel competition may also be beneficial because the firm's channel entities' bargaining power and pricing autonomy decrease and reduce the level of double marginalization, which is detrimental for the firm's profits and market share <ref type="bibr" coords="5,53.99,616.28,97.45,16.27">(Ingene and Parry 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,154.12,616.28,115.66,16.27" target="#b106">Padmanabhan and Png 1997)</ref>. Furthermore, increasing the distribution intensity of a channel may raise the channel's total sales volume, leading to economies of scale in terms of production costs per unit of exchange and a greater brand awareness for the customers <ref type="bibr" coords="5,53.99,677.35,49.04,16.27">(Dyer 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,105.60,677.35,113.92,16.27" target="#b154">Yoo, Donthu, and Lee 2000)</ref>. Moreover, transaction costs can be lowered: the firm does not need to establish new monitoring systems, design new contracts, or create new enforcement mechanisms because it is introducing new channel entities on an already well-known playing field.</p><p>Regarding demand-side effects, the firm achieves greater market coverage by increasing distribution intensity. Thus, it can heighten customer demand simply by reaching a greater proportion of the market <ref type="bibr" coords="5,462.43,431.70,95.56,16.27;5,317.99,443.44,70.87,16.27" target="#b7">(Bucklin, Siddarth, and Silva-Risso 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,391.54,443.44,104.14,16.27" target="#b120">Reibstein and Farris 1995)</ref>. Moreover, for certain customers, the physical distance to the firm's channel entities shrinks, which enhances the perceived convenience of the channel, thus attracting more potential customers or leading to more frequent sales. Weighing both positive and negative value-creation mechanisms, we hypothesize the following: H 1 : An increase in distribution intensity is positively related to firm value.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Establishment of a New Channel</head><p>The establishment of a new channel refers to the addition of a new set of internal or external channel entities to the firm's existing channel system, such as its own retail stores or an external Internet shop. By increasing the number of channels, a firm offers a greater variety of channels <ref type="bibr" coords="5,539.12,631.82,18.88,16.27;5,318.00,643.56,85.51,16.27" target="#b145">(Van Bruggen et al. 2010)</ref>. A firm adds new channels because each channel provides a certain customer value from its specific level of channel functions. For example, in 2010, in addition to maintaining its own specialized telecommunication stores, China Unicom began selling its telecommunication services in consumer electronics retail stores such as Suning. The consumer electronics channel offers a lower level of customer service than China Unicom's stores but carries a wider product variety and broader assortment, enabling customers to purchase different kinds of electronic products and related services in one store. We expect that the establishment of a new channel creates value as a result of increased interchannel competition, because channels compete against one another by offering similar firm products. To stay competitive, channels can either increase their operational efficiency to offer lower prices or increase service levels to surpass other channels through differentiation. Both strategies benefit the firm because its channels become either more efficient or more differentiated, boosting customer demand for the firm's products <ref type="bibr" coords="6,258.17,176.33,35.83,16.27;6,54.00,188.03,100.27,16.27" target="#b29">(Chiang, Chhajed, and Hess 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,156.86,188.03,45.77,16.27" target="#b50">Etgar 1979)</ref>. Moreover, we expect that increasing interchannel competition reduces the firm's bargaining, monitoring, and enforcement transaction costs because it limits channel entities' potential to act opportunistically, as the firm and its customers become less dependent on a specific channel <ref type="bibr" coords="6,185.47,246.50,96.41,16.27" target="#b77">(Ingene and Parry 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Regarding demand-side effects, an important result of the establishment of a new channel is the increase in the variety of channels. Thus, the firm may be able to attract additional customers who demand channel functions the firm's channel system did not previously provide. For example, some customer segments prefer using Internet channels to shopping in department stores. With a wider variety of channels, customers have more flexibility to select the most convenient channel, thus raising their perceived channel service level <ref type="bibr" coords="6,181.10,363.44,112.90,16.27;6,54.00,375.14,21.53,16.27" target="#b19">(Ansari, Mela, and Neslin 2008)</ref>. In addition, research based on scanner data suggests that customers buying from multiple firm channels are more loyal, spend more money, and are more profitable <ref type="bibr" coords="6,54.00,410.22,125.30,16.27" target="#b88">(Kumar and Venkatesan 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,183.17,410.22,71.88,16.27" target="#b103">Neslin et al. 2006</ref>). Therefore, we posit the following: H 2 : The establishment of a new channel is positively related to firm value.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>How Do Contingency Factors Influence the Value Creation of Channel Expansions?</head><p>In line with transaction cost and contingency theory as well as insights from prior literature, we expect that the relationship between channel expansions and firm value is contingent on firm, market, and channel expansion strategy factors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,255.94,573.36,38.05,16.27;6,53.98,585.06,120.43,16.27" target="#b126">Shervani, Frazier, and Challagalla 2007)</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="6,181.55,585.06,33.94,16.27">Figure 1</ref> depicts these moderating hypotheses. In this section, we define each contingency factor, justify its relevance, and develop moderating hypotheses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firm Characteristics</head><p>A firm's potential to generate value for shareholders depends on its market position and its ability to leverage its assets <ref type="bibr" coords="6,81.09,678.92,47.10,16.27" target="#b66">(Hall 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,131.97,678.92,157.71,16.27" target="#b133">Srivastava, Shervani, and Fahey 1998)</ref>. We focus on market share because it reflects the firm's market position. In addition, we consider the firm's return on assets (ROA) because it captures the firm's operating per-formance and has a significant impact on the firm's stock market evaluation <ref type="bibr" coords="6,393.44,47.52,97.38,16.27" target="#b24">(Barber and Lyon 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,493.48,47.52,60.20,16.27" target="#b153">Yermack 1996)</ref>. We expect that these firm contingencies may also influence the value creation of channel expansions.</p><p>Market share. Market share is defined as the firm's sales revenues relative to total industry sales revenues <ref type="bibr" coords="6,535.83,98.59,22.15,16.27;6,317.98,110.10,113.61,16.27" target="#b139">(Tuli, Bharadwaj, and Kohli 2010)</ref>. We include market share as a moderator because prior research has demonstrated that a firm with greater market share is more efficient in transforming its market-based assets into future cash flows <ref type="bibr" coords="6,317.98,156.17,95.16,16.27" target="#b65">(Gruca and Rego 2005)</ref> and is more powerful relative to its channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="6,384.38,167.69,109.47,16.27" target="#b79">(Jacobson and Aaker 1985)</ref>. Therefore, we expect that the benefits of increased intra-and interchannel competition due to channel expansion measures are even more pronounced for such firms.</p><p>Furthermore, we expect that channel expansion-related transaction costs are lower for a firm with greater market share. Such firms face lower search costs when finding indirect channel entities open to listing the firm's powerful brand <ref type="bibr" coords="6,343.85,260.83,103.01,16.27">(Frazier and Lassar 1996)</ref>. Because job seekers typically consider firms with large market share more appealing, recruiting employees for the firm's direct channels is also less costly <ref type="bibr" coords="6,381.08,295.38,92.23,16.27" target="#b44">(DelVecchio et al. 2007</ref>). In addition, a firm with greater market share faces lower bargaining costs when expanding its channels because the firm can draw on its market power during negotiations with potential channel entities. The firm can also rely on its market power to encourage the channel entities' compliance with agreements <ref type="bibr" coords="6,317.98,364.49,120.84,16.27" target="#b108">(Payan and McFarland 2005)</ref>, thus reducing enforcement costs by limiting opportunistic and free-riding behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="6,317.98,387.52,146.19,16.27">(Ailawadi, Borrin, and Farris 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,467.81,387.52,90.18,16.27;6,317.98,399.04,69.81,16.27" target="#b126">Shervani, Frazier, and Challagalla 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Finally, we expect firms with greater market share to incur lower production costs because they are able to spread fixed selling costs over a larger volume of business, enabling them to achieve greater economies of scale <ref type="bibr" coords="6,317.98,457.63,130.27,16.27" target="#b9">(Buzzell, Gale, and Sultan 1975)</ref>. Therefore, H 3 : Firms with greater market share generate more firm value by (a) increasing distribution intensity and (b) establishing a new channel than do firms with a low market share.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ROA.</head><p>A firm's ROA refers to its ability to generate high operating returns relative to its assets <ref type="bibr" coords="6,479.94,528.72,78.06,16.27;6,318.00,540.24,21.53,16.27" target="#b156">(Zou and Cavusgil 2002)</ref>. Firms with a higher ROA have specific resources and processes for appropriating greater value from marketbased assets <ref type="bibr" coords="6,372.27,563.27,95.42,16.27" target="#b73">(Hitt and Ireland 1985)</ref>. Therefore, investors may consider a firm's past operating performance a good indicator of the expected value of channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,318.00,597.82,124.08,16.27" target="#b118">(Reddy, Holak, and Bhat 1994)</ref>.</p><p>In line with transaction cost theory, we expect that a firm with a high ROA benefits from an increase in distribution intensity. Because the firm has a proven capability to leverage its assets efficiently, it may also be expected to increase its distribution intensity by realizing favorable production costs. Employing efficient existing resources and processes also implies lower setup and implementation costs in terms of search, contracting, bargaining, and monitoring costs <ref type="bibr" coords="6,366.67,702.48,147.66,16.27" target="#b13">(Chaney, Devinney, and Winer 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,516.73,702.48,41.27,16.27;6,318.00,714.00,40.94,16.27" target="#b42">David and Han 2004)</ref>.</p><p>In contrast, we expect that a firm's ROA negatively affects the positive relationship between the establishment of a new channel and firm value. To establish a new channel, a firm must employ new types of sales entities and processes, which hinders its potential to build on existing resources and processes and thus limits the realization of economies of scale <ref type="bibr" coords="7,134.91,105.34,42.72,16.27" target="#b22">(Bain 1956</ref>). Instead, the firm must set up new and different processes and build up new resources or recombine existing ones. Thus, the firm needs to invest in additional assets. Accordingly, firms with a high ROA risk forfeiting their operating performance and thus decreasing firm value <ref type="bibr" coords="7,149.40,163.13,98.20,16.27">(Hitt and Ireland 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,252.19,163.13,41.81,16.27;7,54.00,174.68,65.37,16.27" target="#b128">Snow and Hrebiniak 1980)</ref>. In addition, the firm must find, contract for, and monitor new types of sales entities, undermining existing efficient exchange relationships and resulting in higher transaction costs <ref type="bibr" coords="7,153.77,209.36,90.74,16.27" target="#b42">(David and Han 2004)</ref>. Therefore, we propose the following hypothesis: H 4 : Firms with higher ROA generate (a) more firm value by increasing distribution intensity but (b) less firm value by establishing a new channel than do firms with lower ROA.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Market Characteristics</head><p>We expect that the value creation of a firm's channel expansion depends on the expansion's fit with the firm's taskrelated environment. Thus, we include three market characteristics that prior research has established as conceptualizing a firm's task-related environment: industry growth, industry turbulence, and competitive intensity <ref type="bibr" coords="7,207.13,362.04,86.87,16.27;7,54.00,373.60,68.71,16.27">(Fang, Palmatier, and Steenkamp 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Industry growth. "Industry growth" refers to the rate of demand growth within a specific industry <ref type="bibr" coords="7,226.58,400.71,62.88,16.27;7,54.00,412.27,104.30,16.27">(Bahadir, Baradwaj, and Srivastava 2008)</ref> and "plays a central role in virtually all strategic marketing models developed in the past 30 years" <ref type="bibr" coords="7,82.69,435.38,191.09,16.27">(Bharadwaj, Clark, and Kulviwat 2005, p. 347)</ref>. We argue that in growing markets, both an increase in distribution intensity and the establishment of a new channel suffer less from the drawbacks of intra-and interchannel competition. In contrast to mature markets, generating additional demand for the firm less likely cannibalizes other existing channels' or channel entities' sales volume <ref type="bibr" coords="7,230.58,504.72,63.42,16.27;7,54.00,516.28,21.53,16.27" target="#b47">(Dwyer and Oh 1987)</ref>. Therefore, the firm faces lower channel conflict and, consequently, lower transaction costs for safeguarding, adapting, and evaluating appropriate channel behavior. Furthermore, channel expansions may be more valuable in growing markets because it is easier to gain market share and increased experience will lead to production cost advantages <ref type="bibr" coords="7,101.16,585.62,88.63,16.27" target="#b14">(Aaker and Day 1986)</ref>.</p><p>In growing markets, a firm can also benefit from the demand-side effects of channel expansions because growing markets offer more potential new customers and customer segments <ref type="bibr" coords="7,122.49,631.85,141.42,16.27" target="#b41">(Datta, Guthrie, and Wright 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,267.89,631.85,26.10,16.27;7,53.99,643.41,21.53,16.27" target="#b99">Mehra 1996)</ref>. Furthermore, customers' price sensitivity tends to be lower in such markets, enabling the firm to capture more profitable customers with its channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="7,266.22,666.52,27.76,16.27;7,53.99,678.08,58.13,16.27" target="#b14">(Aaker and Day 1986)</ref>. Thus: H 5 : In markets with high growth, firms generate more firm value by (a) increasing distribution intensity and (b) establishing a new channel than firms in markets with low growth.</p><p>Competitive intensity. "Competitive intensity" refers to the degree to which a firm faces competition in a market ). Market concentration is often used as an indicator of competitive intensity. In high market concentration, a few large firms dominate the market, which implies low competitive intensity <ref type="bibr" coords="7,487.88,93.50,70.12,16.27;7,318.00,105.00,70.28,16.27" target="#b52">(Fang, Palmatier, and Grewal 2011)</ref>. We expect competitive intensity to be an important contingency because it is a central determinant of a firm's profits and also increases the relevance of marketrelated firm actions for firm value creation <ref type="bibr" coords="7,508.33,139.50,45.51,16.27;7,318.00,151.00,121.11,16.27" target="#b85">(Kirca, Jayachandran, and Bearden 2005)</ref>.</p><p>Regarding an increase in distribution intensity, the firm faces greater transaction costs when competitive intensity is high. Specifically, the firm must invest in additional safeguarding and monitoring because its channel entities depend less on the specific firm and are more likely to act opportunistically <ref type="bibr" coords="7,388.62,221.00,130.50,16.27" target="#b46">(Dutta, Heide, and Bergen 1999)</ref>. In addition, the firm must increase its monitoring efforts and pay higher premiums to ensure its channel entities' compliance, which leads to higher bargaining, monitoring, and enforcement costs <ref type="bibr" coords="7,369.08,267.00,135.08,16.27" target="#b39">(Dahlstrom and Nygaard 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,509.27,267.00,48.73,16.27;7,318.00,278.50,55.78,16.27" target="#b64">Giroud and Mueller 2010)</ref>. Thus, we expect firms in highly competitive markets to generate less firm value by increasing distribution intensity than firms in less competitive markets.</p><p>In contrast, we expect that establishing a new channel is more beneficial under conditions of high competitive intensity. By adding a new channel, the firm differentiates its channel system, enhances customer loyalty, and strengthens its market power relative to its customers and channel entities. These effects are even more important for the firm when it faces fierce competition because customers and channel entities can choose from among a plurality of alternative firms <ref type="bibr" coords="7,368.76,406.00,129.31,16.27" target="#b19">(Ansari, Mela, and Neslin 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,500.68,406.00,53.15,16.27;7,318.00,417.50,108.47,16.27" target="#b126">Shervani, Frazier, and Challagalla 2007)</ref>. By differentiating its offerings through the establishment of a new channel, a firm can counteract strong competition because it becomes less vulnerable to the threats of competitive intensity. Thus: H 6 : In highly competitive markets, firms generate (a) less firm value by increasing distribution intensity but (b) more firm value by establishing a new channel than firms in less competitive markets.</p><p>Industry turbulence. "Industry turbulence" describes the extent to which customer demand in a certain industry changes rapidly and unpredictably <ref type="bibr" coords="7,467.52,540.50,90.48,16.27;7,318.00,552.00,55.31,16.27" target="#b52">(Fang, Palmatier, and Grewal 2011)</ref>. In turbulent industries, current and future customer needs and demand levels are difficult to predict <ref type="bibr" coords="7,318.00,575.00,106.34,16.27" target="#b102">(Nath and Mahajan 2011)</ref>. Because rapid and unforeseen changes amplify information asymmetry between a firm and its channel entities, the firm must strengthen its monitoring and enforcement efforts to avoid opportunistic behavior, such as sharing false information on customer demand or price levels. The need for these efforts makes channel expansions more costly <ref type="bibr" coords="7,458.66,644.00,99.34,16.27;7,318.00,655.50,22.78,16.27" target="#b38">(Crosno and Dahlstrom 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,343.53,655.50,70.72,16.27">Frazier et al. 2009</ref>).</p><p>Moreover, channel expansions may fail to capture additional customer demand because customers' channel-related needs and preferences can change rapidly. Thus, the firm has more difficulty predicting which new channel it should establish or in which region it should increase its distribu-</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="44">/ Journal of Marketing, May 2014</head><p>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 45 tion intensity, heightening the threat of a potentially costly and nearly irreversible wrong decision. Thus, we predict the following: H 7 : In highly turbulent markets, firms generate less firm value by (a) increasing distribution intensity and (b) establishing a new channel than firms in less turbulent markets.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Channel Expansion Strategy</head><p>We expect that the value creation of channel expansions also depends on the firm's strategic choices as to how it conducts such an alteration of its channel system. In particular, we focus on two central decisions derived from prior literature. The first is the firm's decision regarding whether the expansion is international or national. This contingency is important because the firm's transaction and production costs and its market coverage vary between national and international markets <ref type="bibr" coords="8,199.38,225.88,94.62,16.27" target="#b75">(Hsu and Boggs 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,54.00,237.50,133.54,16.27" target="#b134">Steenkamp and Geyskens 2012)</ref>. The second decision is whether to establish a first direct or indirect concurrent channel relative to the existing channels in the firm's channel system (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="8,115.43,272.38,110.32,16.27" target="#b122">Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>. We account for this factor because transaction cost-related channel design research has suggested that decisions regarding the structure of the sales system (direct-only or indirect-only vs. hybrid) could alter transaction costs associated with channel design expansion <ref type="bibr" coords="8,126.15,330.50,88.64,16.27" target="#b42">(David and Han 2004)</ref>.</p><p>International channel expansion. In terms of regional scope, a channel expansion can be either international or national <ref type="bibr" coords="8,91.97,369.38,134.36,16.27" target="#b18">(Anderson and Coughlan 1987)</ref>. We define an international channel expansion as an expansion outside the firm's home-country market, leading to an incremental increase of the firm's internationalization. The firm's internationalization is defined as the firm's share of international sales <ref type="bibr" coords="8,77.19,427.50,61.95,16.27" target="#b135">(Sullivan 1994)</ref>. Although expanding channels internationally may have detrimental effects if the greater complexity associated with international expansion exceeds management capabilities of coordinating activities across many different countries, we expect that, in general, increasing internationalization of sales enhances firm value <ref type="bibr" coords="8,54.00,497.25,162.62,16.27" target="#b57">(Geringer, Beamish, and Da Costa 1989)</ref>.</p><p>With respect to demand-side value-creation mechanisms, an international channel expansion enlarges the firm's market coverage by allowing a firm to target additional customer segments or geographical regions <ref type="bibr" coords="8,261.79,543.75,32.21,16.27;8,54.00,555.38,67.52,16.27" target="#b114">(Quelch and Klein 1996)</ref>. Thus, internationalization can diversify the firm's revenue stream, as the revenues in different countries follow potentially differing business cycles. The firm becomes less vulnerable to local demand and sales volatility, thereby lowering its business risk and creating firm value <ref type="bibr" coords="8,80.47,613.50,96.68,16.27" target="#b75">(Hsu and Boggs 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,181.96,613.50,112.04,16.27;8,54.00,625.13,21.53,16.27" target="#b84">Kim, Hwang, and Burgers 1993)</ref>. Thus, we posit the following: Introducing the first concurrent channel. When establishing a new channel, a firm can decide to set up a concurrent channel if its channel system in a certain market previously consisted of only direct or indirect channels. In that case, a concurrent channel is a new channel that is either the first direct or the first indirect channel in a firm's channel system in a specific geographical sales region (i.e., market). 3 For example, in 2006, Lenovo set up its first indirect channel in addition to its previously direct-only sales channels in India. We focus on this issue because this "phenomenon is poorly understood, even though it has been growing rapidly" (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="8,405.50,116.84,140.92,16.27">Vinhas and Anderson 2005, p. 507)</ref>.</p><p>Introducing a new concurrent channel results in a new type of interchannel competition. Before introduction of a new channel, the channel system consists of either directonly or indirect-only channels. After introduction of a new channel, the established channels must compete against the concurrent channel for market share, raising a strong risk of cannibalization <ref type="bibr" coords="8,381.62,198.69,102.70,16.27" target="#b43">(Deleersnyder et al. 2002)</ref>. Moreover, direct and indirect channels compete for the distribution of the channel margin for the first time. This competition imposes the risk of severe and destructive channel conflict because indirect channel entities "may suspect the supplier of creating a tilted playing field that is designed to favor its employees" (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="8,386.03,267.98,142.20,16.27">Vinhas and Anderson 2005, p. 508</ref>). This suspicion may ruin cooperative relationships and lead to lower overall channel margins <ref type="bibr" coords="8,445.49,291.08,112.51,16.27;8,318.00,302.63,22.78,16.27" target="#b0">(Bergen, Dutta, and Walker 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,343.53,302.63,70.60,16.27" target="#b81">Jindal et al. 2007)</ref>.</p><p>The introduction of a concurrent channel also affects the level of transaction costs. For example, the firm has to introduce complex remuneration schemes for its internal and external channel entities to ensure that they fulfill their specific channel functions. Moreover, because relationship quality may deteriorate, monitoring costs for avoiding opportunistic behavior of channel entities are likely to increase <ref type="bibr" coords="8,354.46,396.02,94.44,16.27" target="#b69">(Heide and John 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,452.43,396.02,101.26,16.27" target="#b149">Wathne and Heide 2000)</ref>. Finally, the firm faces higher enforcement costs because it must pay margin premiums for its channel entities to safeguard against short-term opportunistic behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="8,512.45,430.67,45.55,16.27;8,318.00,442.22,76.58,16.27" target="#b39">(Dahlstrom and Nygaard 1999)</ref>. These enforcement costs may increase not only for the new channel entities but also for established channel entities <ref type="bibr" coords="8,393.35,465.31,112.42,16.27" target="#b20">(Antia and Frazier 2001)</ref>. Thus, we hypothesize the following: H 9 : Firms generate less firm value by establishing a new channel that is concurrent to the previous channels.</p><p>Indirect establishment of a concurrent channel. Moreover, we expect that the value creation derived from establishing a concurrent channel depends on whether this new channel is the first direct or the first indirect channel-an issue that strongly concerns managers. For example, until 2010, Procter &amp; Gamble's channel system consisted of only indirect channels. The firm decided in January 2010 to sell its brands directly to U.S. consumers through its own online store, the "P&amp;G e-store," a step that reflected a fundamental departure from its prior indirect-only sales channel system. The chief executive officer of Procter &amp; Gamble, Bob McDonald, stated, "We want to be where customers want to shop" <ref type="bibr" coords="9,80.08,47.55,59.82,16.27" target="#b2">(Birchall 2010)</ref>.</p><p>We expect that investors perceive introduction of an indirect concurrent channel less negatively than that of a direct channel because introduction of a direct concurrent channel causes several problems. For example, when a firm establishes a first direct concurrent channel, it must accommodate the existing indirect channel entities because the new direct channel may cannibalize them. Thus, previous agreements may become obsolete and sales targets, compensation schemes, and channel service levels renegotiated, resulting in high contracting and bargaining costs. Such renegotiations are more costly for indirect channels. Contracts with direct channel entities can be adapted more easily, whereas gaining compliance of indirect channels is costly and complex <ref type="bibr" coords="9,135.01,209.29,63.16,16.27" target="#b60">(Gilliland 2004)</ref>.</p><p>Moreover, members of indirect channels may perceive the introduction of a direct concurrent channel as a threat to their business. This perception may decrease their compliance and erode the overall relationship quality. For example, a Forrester Research analyst commented on Procter &amp; Gamble's introduction of a concurrent direct online channel by saying, "With P&amp;G's marketing muscle, online and brick-and-mortar retailers are understandably concerned" <ref type="bibr" coords="9,54.00,313.26,93.66,16.27">(Silverstein 2010, p. 1)</ref>. Such concerns of indirect channel entities require the firm to incur higher enforcement costs to regain the compliance of its indirect channel members <ref type="bibr" coords="9,54.00,347.92,152.19,16.27">(Gilliland, Bello, and Gundlach 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,208.83,347.92,48.04,16.27" target="#b69">Heide 1994)</ref>. Finally, when the firm introduces an indirect concurrent channel, potential costs of channel failure and resulting elimination decrease because the firm can more easily eliminate external (i.e., indirect) channel entities than close down internal channel entities because of potential organizational path dependencies <ref type="bibr" coords="9,86.73,417.24,146.86,16.27" target="#b137">(Sydow, Schreyögg, and Koch 2009)</ref>. Thus: H 10 : Firms destroy less firm value by establishing a first indirect concurrent channel instead of a first direct concurrent channel.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Controls</head><p>In line with prior strategy and transaction cost economics research, we control for additional firm-and market-related factors. We control for the firm's sales growth because channel expansions may be more valuable for rapidly growing firms. Sales growth refers to the growth rate of the firm's sales <ref type="bibr" coords="9,109.40,552.26,180.12,16.27" target="#b126">(Shervani, Frazier, and Challagalla 2007)</ref>. Because reactions to channel expansions may differ between industrial and consumer-oriented firms, we control for whether the firm has a business-to-business (B2B, vs. business-to-consumer [B2C]) focus. Similarly, we control for whether the firm has a service (vs. product) focus (Morgan and Rego 2009). Regarding market characteristics, we control for industry size because investors may perceive channel expansion as more beneficial in large markets. Industry size refers to the total sales volume in the focal industry <ref type="bibr" coords="9,92.54,667.79,60.38,16.27" target="#b83">(Karuna 2007)</ref>. Finally, we control for further country-, industry-, and year-specific influences by including dummies for country (reference category: Germany), industry (reference category: energy), and year (reference category: 2000).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methodology</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data Collection</head><p>To analyze the relationships between channel expansions and abnormal stock returns, we compiled a sample of the announcements of such events from ad hoc disclosures, press releases, and articles obtained from the LexisNexis and Factiva databases. We focused on firms that are listed in the U.S. S&amp;P 500; the German DAX, MDAX, SDAX, and TecDAX indexes; and the Chinese CSI 300. We then coded whether the event constituted an increase in distribution intensity or the establishment of a new channel, whether the firm expanded internationally, whether the firm expanded through direct or indirect channels, and whether the firm introduced a first concurrent channel. Two academic raters conducted the coding procedure (for the conceptual definitions, coding guidelines, and coding examples they were instructed to use, see Appendix A). For this purpose, the coders first read and coded 50 channel expansion announcements and then discussed the results. The two coders showed a high intercoder reliability of 90% in terms of Krippendorff's alpha <ref type="bibr" coords="9,487.11,284.00,66.56,16.27;9,318.00,295.50,58.95,16.27">(Hayes and Krippendorff 2007)</ref>. Inconsistent codings were resolved by discussion between the research team and the two coders.</p><p>Then, because our research focus is on the channel system of manufacturers, we excluded events associated with retailers. We also eliminated events that could not be unequivocally attributed to a certain date and those for which a possible confounding event occurred within 20 days of the announcement of the channel expansion <ref type="bibr" coords="9,486.95,377.00,71.05,16.27;9,318.00,388.50,50.69,16.27" target="#b97">(McWilliams and Siegel 1997)</ref>. Confounding events include all stock splits and structural stock changes, damage suits, product recalls, dividends, executive changes, joint venture announcements, merger and acquisition activities, and earnings announcements of the firms in the sample that we could find in LexisNexis or Factiva for this respective time window.</p><p>Finally, we eliminated events of minor relevance for the firm's channel system <ref type="bibr" coords="9,410.11,470.00,102.67,16.27" target="#b82">(Joshi and Hanssens 2009</ref>). The two coders rated both the strategic relevance and the operational relevance of each event on a five-point Likert-type scale (1 = "very low," and 5 = "very high"). We removed events that were rated very low on both dimensions because we do not believe that such minor channel expansions affect firm value. Examples of minor channel expansions include Apple's opening of a second flagship store in Shanghai in 2010 and BMW's addition of 20 dealerships to the already existing 650 dealerships in Germany in 2005. The final sample consisted of 87 U.S. firm announcements, 110 German firm announcements, and 43 Chinese firm announcements.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent Variable</head><p>The dependent variable is the firm's abnormal stock returns calculated by the market model, which is superior to the capital asset pricing model in cross-national event studies <ref type="bibr" coords="9,318.00,668.00,153.61,16.27" target="#b10">(Campbell, Cowan, and Salotti 2010)</ref>. We gathered information on firm and market stock returns from the Center for Research in <ref type="figure" coords="9,372.16,691.00,33.33,16.27">Security</ref>  returns for each firm during a 250-trading-day period ending 15 days before the event date:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="10,54.00,65.60,164.39,14.65">(1) E(R it ) = a i + b i R mt + e it ,</formula><p>where E(R it ) denotes the expected daily returns for firm i on day t if the event had not taken place, R mt denotes the daily returns of the respective market index in the home market (S&amp;P 500, German DAX indexes, and CSI 300), a i and b i are firm-specific parameters, and e it is the i.i.d. normally distributed error term <ref type="bibr" coords="10,142.78,140.89,103.77,16.27" target="#b5">(Brown and Warner 1985)</ref>. We used the estimates obtained from this model to predict the daily abnormal returns for each firm for the event days, AR it . Here, R it signifies the actual daily returns, and E(R it ) represents the model estimates. AR it provides an unbiased estimate of the future earnings generated by the event and is a random variable with a zero mean <ref type="bibr" coords="10,268.45,210.93,25.55,16.27;10,54.00,222.60,22.78,16.27" target="#b51">(Fama 1970;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,79.53,222.60,73.14,16.27" target="#b59">Gielens et al. 2008</ref>):</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="10,54.00,240.53,199.73,14.65">(2) AR it = R it -E(R it ) = R it -(a i + b i R mt + e it ).</formula><p>Next, we had to determine an appropriate event window [t 1 , t 2 ] that is long enough to ensure the dissemination of information regarding the channel expansion announcement <ref type="bibr" coords="10,54.00,292.47,145.52,16.27" target="#b136">(Swaminathan and Moorman 2009)</ref>. Therefore, we calculated abnormal returns for alternative event periods, each ranging from t 1 to t 2 to CAR i [-t 1 , t 2 ]:</p><p>Assuming efficient information processing of the press announcements, "an event window should be as short as possible" (McWilliams and Siegel 1997, p. 636), which suggests an event window that encompasses only the specific trading day of the announcement. However, analysis of press announcements should especially consider that information has likely been disseminated to the market the day before the specific trading day (MacKinlay 1997). Thus, the day before the press announcement would be the relevant event day. To address this issue, the general practice is to expand the event window to the day before the announcement day <ref type="bibr" coords="10,134.55,515.07,128.33,16.27" target="#b15">(Agrawal and Kamakura 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,266.78,515.07,27.22,16.27;10,54.00,526.75,71.72,16.27" target="#b5">Brown and Warner 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,128.30,526.75,108.24,16.27" target="#b151">Wiles and Danielova 2009)</ref>.</p><p>In addition to this theoretical consideration, we also validate the event window empirically, following established procedures <ref type="bibr" coords="10,101.26,561.77,126.80,16.27" target="#b15">(Agrawal and Kamakura 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,231.45,561.77,58.10,16.27;10,54.00,573.44,105.97,16.27" target="#b58">Geyskens, Gielens, and Dekimpe 2002)</ref>. We calculated the cumulative average abnormal returns of the firms in our sample (N) for various event windows (CAAR i ) (t 1 = seven days before the announcement, and t 2 = seven days after the announcement) and tested the significance of these various event windows using the t-test of <ref type="bibr" coords="10,127.52,631.81,105.81,16.27" target="#b5">Brown and Warner (1985)</ref> and the generalized sign z-test <ref type="bibr" coords="10,124.45,643.48,51.82,16.27" target="#b37">(Cowan 1992</ref>):</p><p>To test our hypotheses, we standardized the cumulated abnormal returns (SCAR i ) using the standard deviation of (3) CAR t , t AR . abnormal returns over the estimation window to correct for the firms' differences in variance in the daily closing prices <ref type="bibr" coords="10,318.00,59.60,144.01,16.27" target="#b17">(Aktas, Bodt, and Cousin 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,467.79,59.60,90.21,16.27" target="#b59">Gielens et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,318.00,71.40,153.04,16.27" target="#b115">Raassens, Wuyts, and Geyskens 2012)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Independent Variables</head><p>We obtained information about the firm-and market-related moderators and control variables from Compustat and press releases. Appendix B provides an overview of the data sources and measures of the study. As we previously described, the channel expansions and the channel strategyrelated moderators are coded according to firms' announcements and press releases. Appendix A provides exemplary quotes and the resulting coding. We calculate the firm's market share as the firm's sales relative to total industry sales, whereby industry sales are measured as the cumulative sales at the firm's four-digit Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) code level <ref type="bibr" coords="10,535.85,239.80,22.15,16.27;10,318.00,251.60,121.66,16.27" target="#b139">(Tuli, Bharadwaj, and Kohli 2010)</ref>. We measure ROA as the firm's earnings before extraordinary items in relation to its total assets <ref type="bibr" coords="10,370.81,275.20,138.74,16.27">(Rego, Billet, and Morgan 2009</ref>). Industry growth is the average three-year sales growth of the industry at the four-digit SIC code level <ref type="bibr" coords="10,470.78,298.80,87.22,16.27;10,318.00,310.60,85.17,16.27" target="#b21">(Bahadir, Bharadwaj, and Srivastava 2008)</ref>. Competitive intensity is the inverse Herfindahl-Hirschman index for industry concentration at the four-digit SIC code level <ref type="bibr" coords="10,441.34,334.20,116.66,16.27;10,318.00,346.00,21.53,16.27" target="#b139">(Tuli, Bharadwaj, and Kohli 2010)</ref>. Industry turbulence is the ratio of the standard deviation of sales to the average sales growth within the industry over the three years preceding the event <ref type="bibr" coords="10,509.95,369.60,48.05,16.27;10,318.00,381.40,103.19,16.27">(Srinivasan, Lilien, and Sridhar 2011)</ref>. As previously noted, we coded the channel expansion strategy variables according to the press releases. Indirect channel expansion is a binary variable coded as 1 if the firm conducts the channel expansion through external channel entities. International expansion is a binary variable coded as 1 if the firm conducts the channel expansion outside its home market. Accordingly, introduction of a concurrent channel is a binary variable coded as 1 if the firm established the first direct or the first indirect channel in a firm's channel system.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Controls</head><p>We computed the firm's sales growth as the natural logarithm of the difference in sales between the year of the event and the year before the event <ref type="bibr" coords="10,468.34,548.80,89.66,16.27;10,318.00,560.60,48.23,16.27" target="#b139">(Tuli, Bharadwaj, and Kohli 2010)</ref>. Market size is the total sales volume within the firm's four-digit SIC code <ref type="bibr" coords="10,444.18,572.40,57.79,16.27" target="#b83">(Karuna 2007)</ref>. We coded a binary variable as 1 to indicate a firm's focus on B2B (vs. B2C) and to indicate whether the firm focuses on services (vs. products) according to the firm's four-digit SIC code <ref type="bibr" coords="10,318.00,619.60,183.62,16.27" target="#b21">(Bahadir, Bharadwaj, and Srivastava 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,506.67,619.60,51.33,16.27;10,318.00,631.40,40.88,16.27" target="#b100">Morgan and Rego 2009</ref>). Furthermore, we included binary variables that indicate whether the firm is listed in the United States or China. Finally, we included ten dummy variables for the event year and seven industry dummies based on SIC classification, for which the food industry serves as the reference category <ref type="bibr" coords="10,380.49,690.40,136.56,16.27" target="#b25">(Barth, Cram, and Nelson 2001)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="10,526.06,690.40,31.94,16.27">Table 2</ref> shows the descriptive statistics and correlations of the variables.  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 49</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Model Specification</head><p>Selection model. Firms might have relevant private information that is not fully known to the market but that influences their decision to conduct a channel expansion <ref type="bibr" coords="12,281.78,77.66,12.22,16.27;12,54.00,90.21,78.29,16.27" target="#b90">(Li and Prabhala 2006)</ref>. However, we can observe changes in firm value only for those firms that actually announce channel expansions. To incorporate and control for a firm's unobservable private information, we control for a potential self-selection bias by specifying a multinomial logistic selection model <ref type="bibr" coords="12,127.83,152.97,166.17,16.27;12,54.00,165.52,21.53,16.27" target="#b3">(Bourguignon, Fournier, and Gurgand 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Therefore, we constructed a matched sample portfolio consisting of publicly listed firms that have not conducted a channel expansion (or have not announced it). We selected firms that operate in the specific firm's four-digit SIC code industry and that have a similar market capitalization (±20%; <ref type="bibr" coords="12,90.79,240.83,168.20,16.27" target="#b111">Purnanandam and Swaminathan 2004)</ref>. Every firm's choice not to conduct a channel expansion (channel expansion i = 0), to increase its distribution intensity (channel expansion i = 1), or to establish a new channel (channel expansion i = 2) can then be explained as a function (g¢W i ) of the firm attributes, market conditions, controls, and an error term u i : <ref type="bibr" coords="12,54.00,334.95,10.49,14.64">(5)</ref> Channel expansion i = g¢W i + u i .</p><p>Because the two types of channel expansions are mutually exclusive, we do not need to allow for correlated choices and can specify a multinomial logit selection model <ref type="bibr" coords="12,54.00,390.41,189.92,16.27" target="#b3">(Bourguignon, Fournier, and Gurgand 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,249.00,390.41,45.00,16.27;12,54.00,402.96,66.80,16.27" target="#b45">Dubin and McFadden 1984)</ref>. In addition to the variables from the main model, we include firm size and firm financial leverage because these variables may determine the firm's decision. They capture the firm's financial resources and might be a good proxy for the firm's propensity to invest in channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="12,102.62,465.72,106.09,16.27" target="#b12">(Chandy and Tellis 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,212.89,465.72,81.11,16.27;12,54.00,478.27,21.53,16.27" target="#b34">Cohen and Klepper 1996)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,79.83,477.95,3.75,12.20">4</ref> We used the predicted conditional probabilities j i for each choice given the conditional probabilities of all other choices (1j i ) to calculate the inverse Mills ratios l 1 for an increase in distribution intensity and l 2 for the establishment of a new channel <ref type="bibr" coords="12,154.08,541.03,118.80,16.27" target="#b45">(Dubin and McFadden 1984)</ref>. We subsequently include the inverse Mills ratios l 1 and l 2 into the second-stage models to control for selection bias and derive unbiased parameter estimates <ref type="bibr" coords="12,219.21,578.69,74.79,16.27;12,53.99,591.24,21.53,16.27" target="#b90">(Li and Prabhala 2006)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="12,82.60,591.24,39.28,16.27" target="#tab_0">Table W1</ref> in the Web Appendix shows the results of the estimation of the selection model.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Second-stage models.</head><p>To test the hypotheses of the relationships between channel expansions and firm value, we specify the following separate regressions in which the index i denotes the specific event: </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Do Channel Expansions Influence Abnormal Returns?</head><p>Analysis of the daily abnormal returns for 15 days around the event, as depicted in <ref type="figure" coords="12,416.84,550.45,33.61,16.27">Figure 2</ref> (see also <ref type="figure" coords="12,490.14,550.45,42.87,16.27">Figure W1</ref> in the Web Appendix), reveals that the day before the announcement and the event day exhibit significant stock market reactions <ref type="bibr" coords="12,359.74,585.29,151.28,16.27" target="#b136">(Swaminathan and Moorman 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,515.91,585.29,42.09,16.27;12,318.00,596.90,57.64,16.27" target="#b138">Tellis and Johnson 2007)</ref>. Consistent with previous event studies, we selected the event window with the most significant t-test and z-test statistic <ref type="bibr" coords="12,399.75,620.12,158.25,16.27" target="#b13">(Chaney, Devinney, and Winer 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,318.00,631.73,160.57,16.27">Raassens, Wuyt, and Geyskens 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,483.61,631.73,74.39,16.27;12,318.00,643.34,62.42,16.27" target="#b136">Swaminathan and Moorman 2009</ref>): the event day and the day before the announcement CAR i [-1, 0] (see <ref type="table" coords="12,450.04,654.95,28.43,16.27" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>).</p><p>With respect to the event window from t 1 = -1 to t 2 = 0, the announcement of a channel expansion on average indicates positive abnormal stock returns of .46% (p &lt; .01). After eliminating the 1st and 99th percentiles, the results remain significant <ref type="bibr" coords="12,393.32,714.00,111.86,16.27" target="#b93">(Luo and Bhattacharya 2009</ref>). Moreover, we estimated a pooled regression of the abnormal returns on the number of trading days since the announcement. This estimation shows no significant drift (i.e., slope coefficient: p = .52), indicating that the initial positive evaluation is not merely a short-term reaction that is corrected in the subsequent weeks (Geykens, <ref type="bibr" coords="13,53.99,573.33,77.26,16.27" target="#b59">Gielens et al. 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Notably, value creation differs according to the type of channel expansion. On average, the establishment of a new channel positively affects firm value (CAAR(-1, 0) = .72%; p &lt; .01), in support of H 2 . In contrast, the announcement of an increase in distribution intensity does not show an unambiguously positive or negative value creation (CAAR(-1, 0) = .12%; not significant [n.s.]). Thus, the results do not support H 1 , which states that an increase in distribution intensity is positively linked to a firm's market valuation. However, an increase in distribution intensity does not lead to no change in firm value; rather, it leads to both strong positive and strong negative reactions. Specifically, for 58 firms in the sample, we find positive abnormal stock returns of 2.21% on average, and for 52 firms, we find negative abnormal returns of -2.21% on average. Thus, the capital market does not equivocally react to an increase in distribution intensity. This finding substantiates the potential importance of contingency factors that may explain this differing value creation of an increase in distribution intensity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>How Do Contingency Factors Influence the Value Creation of Channel Expansions?</head><p>We estimate the influence of contingency factors in two separate regression models. <ref type="table" coords="13,441.88,655.33,32.83,16.27" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> shows the results, which lend support to H 3a , indicating that the value creation of an increase in distribution intensity is more positive when the firm has a greater market share (b 1 = 9.86, p &lt; .01). However, we do not find support for H 3b , which states that the establishment of a new channel is more valuable for  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>B: Cumulated Average Abnormal Returns (CAAR i )</head><p>Notes: This figure presents the daily firm abnormal returns before and after the alliance announcement. Day 0 corresponds to the event day (i.e., the day on which the channel expansion was announced). We computed the significance of the generalized sign Z statistic using a two-tailed test; t-tests were based on <ref type="bibr" coords="13,535.33,494.00,22.67,13.88;13,343.50,503.00,65.90,13.88" target="#b5">Brown and Warner (1985)</ref>; selected event window is in italics.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 51</head><p>firms with greater market share (b 16 = .42, n.s.). Regarding the moderating role of ROA, the results do not confirm H 4a (b 2 = -2.45, n.s.) but lend support to H 4b (b 17 = -4.56, p &lt; .01). Thus, for more efficient firms, the value created by establishing a new channel is weaker, whereas no such moderating relationship exists for an increase in distribution intensity.</p><p>With respect to market characteristics, we must reject H 5a and H 5b because we could not confirm a moderating role of industry growth for either type of channel expansion (b 3 = -2.17, n.s.; b 18 = .40, n.s.). With regard to the moderating effect of competitive intensity, we find evidence that firm value reacts more negatively to an increase in distribution intensity when competitive intensity is higher, in support of H 6a (b 4 = -14.69, p &lt; .01). In contrast, firm value reacts more positively to the establishment of a new channel when competitive intensity is higher, lending support to H 6b (b 19 = 6.64, p &lt; .01). With regard to industry turbulence, we find support for H 7a (b 5 = -.22, p &lt; .05) because industry turbulence negatively affects the value creation of an increase of distribution intensity. In contrast to H 7b , which states that industry turbulence negatively moderates the relationship between establishment of a new channel and firm value, the coefficient is positive and significant (b 20 = .08, p &lt; .01), indicating that such a channel expansion creates additional value in highly turbulent markets.</p><p>Regarding channel expansion strategy, we find support for H 8a (b 6 = 2.26, p &lt; .01) and H 8b (b 21 = .79, p &lt; .05) because an increase in distribution intensity and the establishment of a new channel affect firm value more positively when executed internationally. Regarding the firm's choice to introduce a concurrent channel, the results support H 9 . Thus, the introduction of such a concurrent channel negatively influences abnormal stock returns in reaction to the establishment of a new channel (b 22 = -1.28, p &lt; .01). Finally, we find support for H 10 because the introduction of a concurrent channel is more positive when the firm carries it out through indirect channel entities (b 23 = 2.27, p &lt; .05). Regarding the value creation of the establishment of a new channel, the coefficients of the controls are significant for sales growth (b 24 = -1.19, p &lt; .05). market size (b 25 = .00, p &lt; .05), and an indirect channel expansion (b 26 = -.83, p &lt; .05). However, we expected a positive relationship between sales growth and firm value creation. A potential explanation for this counterintuitive finding is that if a firm is already experiencing strong sales growth, new channels may not be necessary. Establishing new channels while the firm is already showing strong growth may even undermine the efficiency of existing channels. The country dummies show only a significant reaction for an increase in distribution intensity in China (b 11 = 1.62, p &lt; .05). Finally, regarding industry and year dummies, only the binary variable coded as 1 for pharmaceutical industries is significant and negatively related to firm value for an increase in distribution intensity (b Pharmaceuticals = -3.38, p &lt; .05).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Validation Analyses</head><p>To further increase confidence in the results, we conducted various robustness checks. We detail these checks in the following subsections.</p><p>Alternative specification of the selection model. We specified a multinomial selection model that reflects the firm's decision to conduct no channel expansion, to increase distribution intensity, or to establish a new channel. However, we specified a nested (three-stage) selection model <ref type="bibr" coords="15,82.10,355.64,68.08,16.27" target="#b68">(Heckman 1979)</ref> to demonstrate an alternative decision structure. Specifically, the first stage models the firm's binary decision of whether to carry out a channel expansion. The second stage subsequently models the firm's binary decision of which channel expansion to conduct (i.e., an increase in distribution intensity vs. the establishment of a new channel). Finally, the two third-stage models separately estimate our main model for the two types of channel expansions. <ref type="table" coords="15,103.92,449.07,39.49,16.27">Table W2</ref> in the Web Appendix shows that for all parameters related to the hypotheses, the results remain stable.</p><p>Alternative event windows. To test whether the results are robust across alternative event windows, we reestimated the models for four event windows that show significant abnormal returns to channel expansions, specifically, CAAR(0) = .24% (p &lt; .05), CAAR(-1, 0) = .46% (p &lt; .01), CAAR(-2, 1) = .44% (p &lt; .01), and CAAR(-2, 2) = .39% (p &lt; .01). <ref type="table" coords="15,95.00,558.18,39.29,16.27" target="#tab_3">Table W3</ref> in the Web Appendix indicates that for 42 of the 48 parameters related to the hypotheses, the results remain stable in terms of direction and significance.</p><p>Alternative calculations of abnormal returns. To test whether the results remain stable for alternative calculations of the abnormal stock returns, we reestimated the models with abnormal returns calculated by the Scholes-Williams method to adjust for potential beta biases resulting from trading and price adjustment delays <ref type="bibr" coords="15,209.91,655.61,84.07,16.27;15,53.97,667.29,22.78,16.27" target="#b96">(McInish and Wood 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,81.26,667.29,116.69,16.27" target="#b123">Scholes and Williams 1977)</ref>. Moreover, we reestimated the models with unstandardized abnormal stock returns as the dependent variable <ref type="bibr" coords="15,190.33,690.64,98.38,16.27;15,53.98,702.32,44.41,16.27" target="#b136">(Swaminathan and Moorman 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,102.63,702.32,113.24,16.27" target="#b151">Wiles and Danielova 2009)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="15,224.41,702.32,40.75,16.27">Table W2</ref> in the Web Appendix indicates that for 27 of the 32 parameters related to the hypotheses, the results remain stable in terms of direction and significance.</p><p>Multiple firm observations. Because several firms in the sample are represented with more than one event, we reestimated the models and clustered the observations at the firm level. <ref type="table" coords="15,342.94,98.60,39.52,16.27">Table W2</ref> in the Web Appendix shows that for 15 of the 16 parameters related to the hypotheses, the results remain stable in terms of direction and significance.</p><p>Results using robust regression. Because the ordinary least squares estimates may be sensitive to outlying observations, we also applied an M-estimator to verify the robustness of our findings <ref type="bibr" coords="15,406.29,172.71,151.70,16.27" target="#b71">(Hettmansperger and Sheather 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,317.99,184.23,63.10,16.27" target="#b150">Western 1995)</ref>. Our model contains several dummy variables, so we used the robust Huber M regression. This estimator downweights observations with large residuals and thus provides robust model estimations <ref type="bibr" coords="15,476.19,218.78,53.25,16.27" target="#b76">(Huber 1972;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,532.04,218.78,20.72,16.27;15,317.99,230.30,124.05,16.27" target="#b95">Mahajan, Sharma, and Wind 1984)</ref>. As an additional test, we removed observations with Cook's D values larger than 1 and reestimated the models. As <ref type="table" coords="15,429.98,253.34,39.31,16.27" target="#tab_4">Table W4</ref> in the Web Appendix shows, 29 of the 32 model parameters related to the hypotheses remain stable in terms of direction and significance.</p><p>Potential nonlinear effect of distribution intensity. As we previously mentioned, increasing distribution intensity creates both up-and downsides by increasing intrachannel competition. Therefore, one might argue that an optimum level of distribution intensity exists (i.e., an inverted U-shaped relationship). 5 Increasing distribution intensity may backfire after a certain level because cannibalization of the sales entities and channel conflict become increasingly destructive and outweigh positive value-creation mechanisms. To examine this issue, we reestimated a model accounting for the linear and quadratic terms of the extent of the increase in distribution intensity. "Extent of increase of distribution intensity" refers to the strategic magnitude of the increase in sales entities within a given channel relative to the existing level of distribution intensity in this channel. It was rated on a five-point Likert scale by two independent coders, with an intercoder reliability of 85%. The results, shown in <ref type="table" coords="15,356.89,488.70,38.92,16.27">Table W5</ref> in the Web Appendix, do not reveal significant effects for the quadratic term, thus lending no support for a nonlinear effect of extent of increase in distribution intensity on firm value.</p><p>Long-term abnormal returns. We calculated buy-andhold abnormal returns relative to a country-level market index (China, the United States, and Germany) and relative to a matched firm portfolio for the events in the sample. We matched a firm from the same four-digit SIC classification by choosing the one with the most similar market capitalization <ref type="bibr" coords="15,337.20,608.89,111.86,16.27" target="#b91">(Loughran and Ritter 2012)</ref>. Moreover, we calculated abnormal calendar-time portfolio returns compared with the respective market index returns (i.e., CSI 300, S&amp;P 500, DAX, MDAX, SDAX, and TecDAX). We calculated the measures for one-year (250 trading days), two-year (500 trading days), and three-year time windows <ref type="formula" coords="15,506.77,666.48,4.58,16.27">(</ref> 2010, returns for a five-year time window would not be available for the events until 2008. As prior researchers have recommended <ref type="bibr" coords="16,134.81,59.40,109.04,16.27">(Jacobson and Mizik 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,246.50,59.40,47.50,16.27;16,54.00,71.10,102.97,16.27" target="#b98">Megginson, Morgan, and Nail 2004)</ref>, we eliminated firms from the computer and software industries because these industries are known to show long-term returns due to market anomalies; we also eliminated firms that experienced major capital structure changes that may constitute long-term confounding events such as recapitalizations or major security issuances. As <ref type="table" coords="16,112.77,141.30,40.38,16.27">Table W6</ref> in the Web Appendix shows, the three time windows contain no significant returns as measured by buy-and-hold abnormal returns. Furthermore, as <ref type="table" coords="16,54.00,176.40,39.10,16.27">Table W7</ref> in the Web Appendix reveals, the three time windows contain no significant abnormal returns as measured by calendar-time portfolio returns except for the establishment of a new channel in the two-and three-year time windows. We conclude that the efficient market hypothesis holds to a substantial degree in our study because the two significant results may be artifacts of the known biases of long-term returns, such as listing bias, rebalancing bias, and skewness bias <ref type="bibr" coords="16,113.38,270.00,95.31,16.27" target="#b24">(Barber and Lyon 1997)</ref>.</p><p>Value creation per country. We also analyzed the cumulated abnormal returns of both channel expansions for each country. Because the total sample is split into six subsamples, the significance tests provide lower statistical power. Nevertheless, as <ref type="table" coords="16,96.47,332.50,38.58,16.27">Table W8</ref> in the Web Appendix shows, the abnormal stock returns for the establishment of a new channel are consistently higher than those for an increase in distribution intensity. In addition, the establishment of a new channel shows positive abnormal returns throughout all three countries, whereas an increase in distribution intensity exhibits both positive and negative cumulated abnormal returns.</p><p>Furthermore, we tested the model regarding multicollinearity, heteroskedasticity, and omitted variables. The variance inflation factors of the variables do not exceed a value of 4, equivalent to a tolerance level of .25 <ref type="bibr" coords="16,257.90,449.50,36.10,16.27;16,54.00,461.20,21.53,16.27" target="#b105">(O'Brian 2007)</ref>. The tests of <ref type="bibr" coords="16,130.84,461.20,105.46,16.27" target="#b4">Breusch and Pagan (1979)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="16,255.51,461.20,38.49,16.27;16,54.00,472.90,66.40,16.27" target="#b35">Cook and Weisberg (1983)</ref> indicate no problems with heteroskedasticity. Finally, the regression specification error test showed no problems with omitted variables <ref type="bibr" coords="16,186.64,496.30,55.52,16.27" target="#b116">(Ramsey 1969</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical Implications</head><p>This investigation contributes to the literature in several ways. First, the "relationship between channel strategy and market valuation is ... under-researched" <ref type="bibr" coords="16,229.38,585.30,64.62,16.27;16,53.99,597.00,93.44,16.27">(Srinivasan and Hanssens 2009, p. 307)</ref>, and this study enriches research at the marketing-finance interface. We provide further evidence for the assumption that "on average, the opening of new distribution channels is positively related to firm value" <ref type="bibr" coords="16,84.10,643.80,164.48,16.27">(Srinivasan and Hanssens 2009, p. 307)</ref>. Although that conclusion is based on evidence from Internet channel additions , we provide evidence that this finding is more generalizable. Specifically, our results indicate that firm value reacts to the establishment of various new channels, such as retail shops, Internet channels, or a new sales force.</p><p>Second, prior research on the market value of channel actions has focused on the establishment of new channels. We augment this research by investigating an increase in distribution intensity. Specifically, this investigation is the first empirical study to link an increase in distribution intensity to market value. This association is important because 48% of the channel expansions in our sample constitute increases in distribution intensity. Such a high percentage provides substantial evidence that such channel actions are as common as the establishment of a new channel. By linking an increase in distribution intensity to firm value, we add to previous research on the performance consequences of increasing a firm's distribution intensity, which has focused on outcomes such as customer choice or sales <ref type="bibr" coords="16,317.98,201.79,177.72,16.27" target="#b7">(Bucklin, Siddarth, and Silva-Risso 2008)</ref>. Notably, our results demonstrate that although an increase in distribution intensity affects firm value, no net positive or negative reaction occurs. Instead, investor reactions depend to a great extent on contingency factors, a result similar to findings on new product announcements <ref type="bibr" coords="16,437.06,261.00,116.03,16.27;16,317.98,272.84,45.37,16.27" target="#b129">(Sorescu, Shankar, and Kushwaha 2007)</ref>. This result relates to the third contribution, the insights provided by the tests of the moderating hypotheses.</p><p>Specifically, the contingency factors incorporated in this study affect the value creation of channel expansions according to three different patterns. The decision to expand internationally moderates value creation of both types of channel expansion in a similar pattern because firm value reacts more positively to both an increase in distribution intensity and the establishment of a new channel. This finding contradicts the conventional wisdom of transaction cost theory, which has emphasized the uncertainty of international expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="16,392.81,404.11,108.54,16.27" target="#b152">(Yang, Su, and Fam 2012)</ref>. Instead, our result is in line with research that emphasizes the higher growth opportunities of international channel expansions and, furthermore, indicates that capital markets value such international expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="16,418.45,451.47,98.09,16.27">(Lu and Beamisch 2006)</ref>.</p><p>However, certain contingency factors have differing implications for the two types of channel expansions. Although firms in highly turbulent and competitive markets benefit less from an increase in distribution intensity, such market conditions lead to a higher value creation from the establishment of a new channel. The latter result underscores previous findings that establishing multiple ties with customers (i.e., using a greater variety of channels) is particularly valuable in highly competitive markets and can reduce the negative outcomes of volatile markets <ref type="bibr" coords="16,535.64,570.90,22.34,16.27;16,317.98,582.74,114.06,16.27" target="#b139">(Tuli, Bharadwaj, and Kohli 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,434.79,582.74,94.75,16.27" target="#b141">Ulaga and Eggert 2006)</ref>.</p><p>Notably, the positive moderating role of industry turbulence regarding the establishment of a new channel is a counterintuitive result because we hypothesized a negative moderation. We argued that in markets characterized by high customer-induced turbulence, it is more costly to establish a new channel because of increased monitoring and enforcement costs and higher customer-related uncertainty. However, our results indicate that establishing a new channel creates value by allowing the firm to spread risk across more channels, which may be especially beneficial in volatile markets. Previous research has similarly sug-gested that firms cope with industry turbulence by introducing new products <ref type="bibr" coords="17,126.13,47.68,101.98,16.27" target="#b23">(Baker and Sinkula 2005)</ref>.</p><p>In addition, some contingency factors are relevant to only one type of channel expansion. For example, firms with a high market share also benefit from an increase in distribution intensity, which supports the finding that channel expansions are more beneficial for powerful firms . However, we find no support for an interaction of market share for the establishment of a new channel.</p><p>Moreover, more efficient firms benefit less from the establishment of a new channel. This finding mirrors previous findings that firms with greater product diversification might face agency problems, leading to higher administrative costs and undermining firm efficiency <ref type="bibr" coords="17,233.20,199.58,60.80,16.27;17,54.00,211.26,21.53,16.27" target="#b74">(Hoechle et al. 2012)</ref>. Therefore, further research could fruitfully investigate the impact on firm value of increasing channel-related coordination costs.</p><p>Finally, one survey-based study reveals that a concurrent channel structure increases destructive competition (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="17,54.00,269.68,114.99,16.27" target="#b122">Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>. We emphasize this negative consequence by showing that the introduction of such a channel structure destroys firm value. Introducing a concurrent channel may decrease channel coordination and voluntary information sharing while fostering interchannel conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="17,74.18,328.11,84.13,16.27" target="#b56">(Ganesan et al. 2009</ref>). From a customer perspective, weak channel coordination increases the risk of purchasing suboptimal products as a result of inconsistent promises between direct and indirect channels <ref type="bibr" coords="17,211.60,363.16,82.40,16.27;17,54.00,374.84,66.67,16.27" target="#b148">(Wang, Gal-Or, and Chatterjee 2009)</ref>. Furthermore, if one channel promises a higher customer value for a specific product or service than another channel actually delivers, customers may perceive the value proposition of the firm as inconsistent. We find first evidence for a remedy against these detrimental consequences. Specifically, our results indicate that introducing a concurrent channel through indirect channel entities reduces its negative impact because it may mitigate some of the associated risks.</p><p>In summary, we believe that this study provides generalizable results because the analysis is based on crossindustry data from three of the world's largest mature and emerging economies and controls for a variety of factors related to firms' market valuation. Therefore, this study extends prior research on channel actions, which has focused on single-industry and single-country samples.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Managerial Implications</head><p>Determining the return on channel investment has been called "the most-cited, single key challenge in channel management" <ref type="bibr" coords="17,113.20,608.84,83.24,16.27">(Valos 2008, p. 246)</ref>. The current study has several implications for this managerial challenge. First, we raise managers' awareness that the capital market pays close attention to channel design actions and explore how such actions influence the firm's market valuation. Because the firm's stock price, ceteris paribus, shows inconsistent reactions to a firm's increase in distribution intensity, managers need to be cognizant of the value gains and losses inherent in this channel action. Our findings show that managers should consider the firm's strengths and its market environment when contemplating an increase in distribution intensity. For example, firms with a high market share and firms that increase distribution intensity internationally can expect to gain from such a channel expansion. In contrast, in highly competitive as well as turbulent markets, an increase in distribution intensity is likely to be harmful for the firm's market valuation.</p><p>We also provide managers with guidance as to when they should consider establishing a new channel. The findings suggest that, in general, a firm benefits from expanding the variety of its routes to market. New channels enable a firm to address existing customers more efficiently and even to gain new customers. In addition, new and different channels can create beneficial horizontal competition among the channels and force them to enhance their service offerings. Establishing a new channel is even more beneficial in highly competitive and turbulent markets. In contrast, managers of highly efficient firms should be more cautious because those firms face a greater risk of forfeiting their efficiency, resulting in a lower market valuation. Moreover, managers must be particularly careful when introducing a concurrent channel because detrimental channel conflicts may result, especially when instituting the first direct channel. This finding is of high relevance because many firms today are considering whether to serve their customers directly by launching Internet channels.</p><p>Second, our results provide managers with information on optimizing capital market communication. For example, our results indicate that stock market reactions depend on the characteristics of the firm, the channel expansion strategy, and the market. Thus, managers may explicitly state how their channel expansions fit their specific firm and market situation and how they arrive at their decisions to conduct a channel expansion with a certain strategy. Therefore, by understanding the value-enhancing and valuedestroying mechanisms of channel expansions, managers may be able to convince analysts of the value of their firm's channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="17,398.40,474.73,155.29,16.27">(Sorescu, Shankar, and Kuswaha 2007)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and Further Research</head><p>This study and the interpretation of the results must be considered in light of various general and specific limitations, some of which suggest possible avenues for further research. First, we use firm value as the outcome variable. Although firm value is a generally accepted performance measure <ref type="bibr" coords="17,356.53,571.35,175.89,16.27" target="#b26">(Chatterjee, Richardson, and Zmud 2001)</ref>, systemic biases may underlie such reactions. Thus, further research might employ other outcome metrics for channel expansions, such as changes in cash flow levels or the volatility of cash flows.</p><p>Second, we explicitly focus on major strategic channel expansions because firms often announce minor channel expansions to generate short-term publicity for their sales outlets rather than to generate additional firm value. Accordingly, such minor expansions may constitute a communication measure. However, future studies might also consider such minor channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="17,503.56,702.19,54.44,16.27;17,317.99,714.00,50.38,16.27">(Capron and Pristre 2002)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="54">/ Journal of Marketing, May 2014</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 55</head><p>This study substantiates the importance of channelrelated actions for firm value, but further research might investigate channel actions other than expansion, such as channel reductions and channel deletions, because "research is needed on channel deletions as well" <ref type="bibr" coords="18,267.89,82.00,22.38,16.27;18,54.00,93.50,135.48,16.27">(Srinivasan and Hanssens 2009, p. 307)</ref>. However, the identification of channel contractions will present a major empirical challenge because neither firms nor the business press tend to report such actions. For example, as we mentioned previously, in the empirical research for this study, we identified 240 announcements of major channel expansions but only 13 announcements of major channel contractions between 2000 and 2010. An analysis of these 13 announcements reveals that in the event window interval of [-1, 0], these channel contractions show cumulated negative average abnormal returns of -1.22%. These returns do not significantly differ from zero. However, this finding should be interpreted with caution because of the small sample size and the resulting low power of the t-test. Such channel actions warrant further research.</p><p>In addition, future studies should build on the contingent nature of the value creation of channel expansions. Although this study accounts for central context-specific firm-, market-, and channel-related strategy contingencies, further important moderators may be of central interest for managerial decisions. For example, regarding firm capabil-ities, the firm management's know-how and experience, the firm's channel-tracking capabilities, or the installed channel incentive systems may affect the outcomes of channel expansions <ref type="bibr" coords="18,366.03,70.50,65.26,16.27" target="#b60">(Gilliland 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,434.71,70.50,123.29,16.27;18,318.00,82.00,21.53,16.27" target="#b147">Wallace, Johnson, and Umesh 2009)</ref>. Such aspects may also be worthwhile to include when scrutinizing the issue of managers' ability to mitigate the drawbacks of the introduction of a concurrent channel (Sa <ref type="bibr" coords="18,336.47,116.50,119.29,16.27" target="#b122">Vinhas and Anderson 2005)</ref>. Furthermore, a firm's underlying motives for a channel expansion-such as reacting to competitors' actions, proactively driving the market, reacting to changing customer buying preferences, increasing sales capacity, or fostering growth in specific regionsmay affect value creation and would be fruitful areas of research for future studies. In addition, characteristics of the channel partners' environment (e.g., specialized investments, performance ambiguity, external uncertainty) and the power relationship between the firms (e.g., heavy dependence on indirect channel partners, channel partners' bargaining power) might be important boundary conditions.</p><p>Finally, further research could examine potential saturation points and boundary conditions of channel systems. Presumably, at high distribution intensity and with a large number of employed sales channels and the potential drawbacks of inter-and intrachannel competition (e.g., cannibalization, channel conflict, channel-related coordination), the costs may outweigh the benefits.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Event Announcement Quote Exemplary Moderators</head><p>Increase in distribution intensity "Lenovo Group, the largest Chinese PC manufacturer, will establish 700 more distributor stores in India by the end of this year, thus raising the number of its stores in the country from the existing 300 stores to 1,000 stores. The 1,000 Lenovo stores will target the common consumers as well as the small-and medium-sized enterprises in the urban areas of India, according to Mr. Advani. The Chinese PC giant is providing its Indian channel partners with training on Lenovo products and relevant technologies in order to enhance their service ability" (China Industry <ref type="bibr" coords="18,209.79,463.00,69.28,15.62">Daily News 2006)</ref>.</p><p>International expansion (Chinese firm); indirect channel expansion Increase in distribution intensity "German car maker Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW) plans to double the size of its dealership network in China in the coming years to help it meet its ambitious sales target in the country, the company's sales head told a German newspaper. VW, Europe's biggest car maker, would double the number of its dealers to 2,600, sales head today Christian Klingler told daily Handelsblatt" <ref type="bibr" coords="18,353.64,519.00,87.54,15.62" target="#b72">(Highbeam.com 2010)</ref>.</p><p>International expansion (German firm); indirect channel expansion Establishment of a new channel "The Insurance <ref type="bibr" coords="18,180.55,535.00,34.02,15.62">[PingAn]</ref> today announced to open a new store on Tao.com (http://pingan.mall.taobao.com/), integrating all insurance processes into the online shop. Users can complete insurance processes by learning about information of insurance, filling in related personal information, filing orders and paying for premium online. The online insurance model is expected to develop as a necessary one in the future, attributed to its features, including convenient, flexible and [highly] effective. According to Ping An Insurance, the strategic partnership with Taobao.com represents a major step of the company to grow its Internet businesses" (Chinese Business News 2010). a National expansion (Chinese firm); indirect channel expansion Establishment of a new channel "The maker of Tide detergent, Pampers diapers and Gillette shavers is taking hundreds of its popular consumer products directly to shoppers through a new Web site. The 'eStore' Procter &amp; Gamble Co. is testing could put it in direct competition with some of its biggest customers, major traditional and online retailers. But the site's leaders say it is a consumer research 'lab' and retailers will benefit from its findings on how shoppers respond online and in stores to store promotions and other factors. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,237.63,691.00,4.22,15.62">'</ref>We're creating this giant sandbox for the brands to play in,' said Mark Layton, chief executive of PFSweb, which will run the new site.</p><p>To get the consumers who actually buy those brands to play along, P&amp;G will National (U.S. firm); direct channel expansion; introduction of a concurrent channel</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPENDIX A Coding Examples</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="56">/ Journal of Marketing, May 2014</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Event Announcement Quote Exemplary Moderators</head><p>advertise the site-and hope the convenience of shopping online and the special offers at the site draw customers. Procter &amp; Gamble is the world's largest consumer products maker. P&amp;G wouldn't say whether the eStore's prices will beat those in stores or on Web sites that that also sell competitors' products, like Amazon.com. But shipping initially will be at a flat rate of $5" <ref type="bibr" coords="19,362.12,120.63,49.27,15.61" target="#b124">(Sewell 2010</ref>). Establishment of a new channel "Dell plans to begin selling desktop PCs in Wal-Mart Stores in the next few weeks, the first move in a major departure from its decades-long sales strategy. Wal-Mart plans to sell the Dimension E521 in more than 3,000 retail locations in the United States, Samir Bhavnani, research director at Current Analysis West, told CNET News.com" <ref type="bibr" coords="19,164.76,173.63,48.02,15.62" target="#b101">(Musil 2007)</ref>.</p><p>National (U.S. firm); indirect channel expansion; introduction of a concurrent channel</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPENDIX A Continued</head><p>a Taobao Marketplace is a Chinese-language marketplace similar to Amazon.com or eBay.com that primarily caters to consumers in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. With more than 370 million registered users at the end of 2010, Taobao.com is the undisputed market leader in mainland China.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Variable Description Source(s) Exemplary Literature</head><p>Abnormal stock returns Differences between the expected returns and the actual returns through a given event window calculated with the market model <ref type="formula" coords="19,287.82,307.00,3.95,15.62">(</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPENDIX B Continued</head><p>Notes: N.A. = not applicable.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,164.96,289.07,17.64,6.80;2,173.12,230.97,15.62,9.00;2,173.12,173.97,15.62,9.00;2,173.12,116.97,15.62,9.00;2,173.12,58.47,15.62,9.00;2,196.12,669.58,15.62,54.39;2,196.12,629.81,15.62,37.03;2,206.12,699.95,15.62,15.02;2,206.12,645.16,15.62,52.04;2,216.12,688.95,15.61,26.02;2,196.12,604.46,15.62,17.50;2,196.12,571.70,15.62,30.01;2,196.12,551.43,15.62,17.52;2,196.12,530.68,15.62,18.00;2,196.12,515.42,15.62,12.51;2,206.12,566.44,15.61,55.52;2,206.12,551.18,15.62,12.51;2,206.12,513.91,15.62,34.52;2,196.12,486.45,15.62,15.51;2,196.12,453.19,15.62,30.51;2,196.12,428.58,15.62,21.86;2,196.12,418.32,15.62,7.51;2,196.12,377.05,15.62,38.52;2,196.12,366.80,15.62,7.51;2,206.12,458.44,15.62,43.52;2,206.12,422.67,15.62,33.02;2,206.12,413.42,15.62,6.50;2,206.12,373.66,15.62,37.01;2,206.12,363.40,15.62,7.50;2,206.12,348.14,15.62,12.51;2,206.12,325.88,15.62,19.51;2,216.12,474.95,15.62,27.01;2,216.12,447.67,15.61,24.52;2,187.96,289.06,17.64,6.80;2,196.12,230.96,15.62,9.00;2,196.12,173.96,15.62,9.00;2,196.12,116.96,15.62,9.00;2,196.12,58.46,15.62,9.00;2,229.12,697.44,15.62,26.52;2,229.12,687.18,15.62,7.51;2,229.12,674.92,15.62,9.51;2,229.12,646.15,15.61,26.02;2,229.12,556.91,15.62,65.05;2,229.12,546.65,15.62,7.51;2,229.12,533.89,15.62,10.01;2,239.12,582.42,15.62,39.53;2,239.12,548.14,15.62,31.53;2,239.12,537.88,15.62,7.51;2,239.12,525.12,15.62,10.01;2,249.12,579.42,15.62,42.52;2,249.12,543.65,15.62,33.02;2,249.12,512.39,15.62,28.51;2,259.12,602.45,15.62,19.49;2,229.12,471.42,15.62,30.52;2,229.12,437.15,15.62,31.53;2,229.12,402.87,15.62,31.53;2,229.12,336.07,15.62,64.05;2,239.12,467.93,15.62,34.02;2,239.12,422.16,15.62,43.02;2,239.12,381.89,15.62,37.52;2,239.12,351.12,15.62,28.01;2,239.12,338.87,15.62,9.51;2,249.12,486.44,15.62,15.50;2,249.12,474.18,15.62,9.51;2,249.12,432.92,15.62,38.52;2,249.12,415.15,15.62,15.01;2,249.12,384.89,15.62,27.51;2,249.12,358.12,15.62,24.02;2,229.12,287.94,15.62,9.00;2,220.96,232.05,17.64,6.80;2,229.12,173.94,15.62,9.00;2,229.12,116.94,15.62,9.00;2,229.12,58.44,15.62,9.00;2,272.12,692.92,15.62,31.02;2,272.12,638.64,15.62,51.54;2,282.12,699.93,15.62,15.01;2,282.12,668.66,15.62,28.52;2,282.12,639.89,15.62,26.02;2,272.12,611.93,15.62,10.01;2,272.12,564.16,15.62,45.02;2,272.12,528.39,15.62,33.02;2,272.12,510.14,15.62,15.50;2,282.12,601.44,15.62,20.51;2,282.12,545.15,15.62,53.53;2,272.12,470.09,15.62,31.85;2,272.12,436.32,15.62,31.01;2,272.12,397.55,15.62,36.03;2,272.12,356.28,15.62,38.52;2,272.12,332.52,15.62,21.01;2,282.12,489.43,15.62,12.51;2,282.12,445.16,15.62,41.52;2,282.12,429.89,15.62,12.51;2,282.12,405.81,15.62,21.34;2,282.12,358.20,15.62,44.86;2,272.12,287.94,15.62,9.00;2,263.96,232.04,17.64,6.80;2,272.12,173.94,15.62,9.00;2,272.12,116.94,15.62,9.00;2,272.12,58.44,15.62,9.00;2,295.12,674.91,15.62,49.03;2,295.12,657.14,15.62,15.01;2,295.12,628.38,15.62,26.01;2,305.12,688.92,15.62,26.02;2,295.12,606.93,15.62,15.01;2,295.12,587.66,15.62,16.51;2,295.12,551.89,15.62,33.02;2,295.12,514.62,15.62,34.52;2,305.12,605.43,15.62,16.51;2,305.12,595.68,15.62,7.00;2,305.12,587.92,15.62,5.00;2,305.12,556.16,15.62,29.01;2,305.12,522.89,15.62,30.52;2,305.12,512.63,15.62,7.51;2,315.12,585.91,15.62,36.03;2,295.12,470.92,15.62,31.02;2,295.12,415.15,15.62,53.03;2,295.12,388.88,15.62,23.51;2,295.12,371.12,15.62,15.01;2,295.12,325.35,15.62,43.02;2,305.12,488.93,15.62,13.01;2,305.12,457.66,15.62,28.52;2,305.12,433.40,15.62,21.51;2,305.12,418.14,15.62,12.51;2,305.12,385.36,15.62,30.02;2,305.12,376.12,15.62,6.50;2,305.12,356.86,15.62,16.51;2,305.12,347.10,15.62,7.00;2,305.12,339.34,15.62,5.00;2,315.12,476.92,15.62,25.02;2,315.12,443.65,15.62,30.52;2,315.12,433.40,15.62,7.51;2,315.12,392.12,15.62,38.53;2,295.12,287.94,15.62,9.00;2,286.96,232.04,17.64,6.80;2,295.12,173.94,15.62,9.00;2,295.12,116.94,15.62,9.00;2,295.12,58.44,15.62,9.00;2,328.12,681.42,15.62,42.52;2,328.12,645.65,15.61,33.02;2,338.12,699.92,15.62,15.01;2,338.12,661.66,15.62,35.51;2,338.12,632.89,15.62,26.02;2,328.12,561.39,15.62,60.55;2,328.12,551.13,15.62,7.51;2,328.12,538.38,15.62,10.01;2,338.12,591.41,15.62,30.52;2,338.12,557.14,15.62,31.53;2,338.12,522.86,15.62,31.53;2,338.12,512.60,15.62,7.51;2,348.12,611.93,15.62,10.01;2,348.12,560.65,15.62,48.53;2,328.12,473.91,15.62,28.02;2,328.12,461.15,15.62,10.01;2,328.12,427.88,15.62,30.52;2,328.12,393.60,15.62,31.53;2,328.12,384.35,15.62,6.50;2,328.12,344.59,15.62,37.02;2,338.12,478.42,15.62,23.51;2,338.12,468.16,15.62,7.50;2,338.12,433.90,15.62,31.51;2,338.12,392.13,15.62,39.02;2,338.12,372.53,15.62,17.00;2,338.12,337.27,15.62,32.52;2,348.12,485.43,15.62,16.51;2,348.12,476.17,15.62,6.50;2,348.12,431.89,15.62,41.53;2,348.12,419.13,15.62,10.01;2,348.12,403.87,15.62,12.51;2,348.12,377.11,15.62,24.01;2,348.12,366.85,15.62,7.51;2,348.12,336.60,15.62,27.51;2,358.12,480.09,15.62,21.85;2,358.12,445.81,15.62,31.53;2,358.12,416.54,15.62,26.52;2,358.12,354.76,15.62,59.03;2,358.12,337.00,15.62,15.01;2,368.12,471.42,15.62,30.51;2,368.12,430.14,15.62,38.53;2,328.12,287.93,15.62,9.00;2,319.96,232.03,17.64,6.80;2,319.96,175.03,17.64,6.80;2,328.12,116.93,15.62,9.00;2,328.12,58.43,15.62,9.00;2,381.12,681.91,15.62,42.02;2,381.12,653.15,15.62,26.02;2,381.12,611.92,15.62,10.01;2,381.12,579.16,15.62,30.01;2,381.12,555.40,15.62,21.01;2,381.12,535.14,15.62,17.50;2,391.12,581.41,15.62,40.52;2,391.12,552.64,15.62,26.02;2,391.12,539.39,15.62,10.50;2,391.12,524.13,15.62,12.51;2,401.12,596.92,15.62,25.02;2,401.12,549.12,15.62,45.05;2,381.12,458.40,15.62,43.53;2,381.12,409.62,15.62,46.03;2,381.12,372.84,15.62,34.03;2,381.12,353.08,15.62,17.01;2,391.12,458.41,15.62,43.52;2,391.12,420.65,15.62,35.01;2,391.12,402.88,15.62,15.01;2,391.12,385.13,15.62,14.99;2,391.12,360.87,15.62,21.51;2,391.12,325.09,15.62,33.03;2,401.12,489.92,15.62,12.01;2,401.12,477.16,15.62,10.01;2,401.12,461.90,15.62,12.51;2,401.12,431.64,15.62,27.51;2,401.12,391.87,15.61,37.02;2,381.12,287.93,15.62,9.00;2,381.12,230.93,15.62,9.00;2,372.96,175.03,17.64,6.80;2,381.12,116.93,15.62,9.00;2,381.12,58.43,15.62,9.00;2,414.12,706.93,15.62,17.00;2,414.12,680.17,15.62,24.01;2,414.12,606.91,15.62,15.01;2,414.12,572.64,15.62,31.53;2,414.12,524.35,15.62,45.53;2,414.12,514.60,15.62,7.00;2,424.12,595.91,15.62,26.02;2,424.12,554.31,15.61,38.85;2,424.12,536.55,15.62,15.01;2,424.12,521.29,15.62,12.51;2,434.12,595.91,15.62,26.01;2,434.12,567.65,15.62,25.51;2,434.12,538.39,15.62,26.51;2,444.12,583.41,15.62,38.52;2,414.12,445.40,15.62,56.53;2,414.12,435.14,15.62,7.51;2,414.12,427.39,15.62,5.00;2,414.12,408.13,15.62,16.51;2,414.12,373.85,15.62,31.53;2,414.12,364.60,15.62,6.50;2,414.12,324.83,15.62,37.02;2,424.12,478.41,15.62,23.51;2,424.12,468.16,15.62,7.50;2,424.12,433.89,15.62,31.51;2,424.12,392.12,15.62,39.02;2,424.12,357.36,15.62,32.01;2,434.12,459.90,15.62,42.03;2,434.12,442.13,15.62,15.01;2,434.12,393.86,15.62,45.52;2,434.12,358.09,15.62,33.02;2,444.12,460.61,15.62,41.31;2,444.12,444.53,15.62,13.60;2,444.12,395.14,15.62,46.91;2,444.12,380.42,15.62,12.24;2,444.12,363.35,15.62,14.59;2,444.12,324.73,15.62,36.14;2,454.12,486.91,15.62,15.01;2,454.12,452.64,15.62,31.53;2,454.12,442.38,15.62,7.51;2,454.12,434.62,15.62,5.00;2,454.12,389.35,15.62,42.52;2,454.12,355.07,15.62,31.53;2,464.12,470.91,15.62,31.02;2,464.12,454.15,15.62,14.01;2,464.12,402.87,15.62,48.53;2,464.12,368.11,15.62,32.01;2,464.12,328.84,15.62,36.52;2,474.12,494.42,15.62,7.50;2,474.12,481.66,15.62,10.01;2,474.12,444.89,15.62,34.02;2,474.12,435.14,15.62,7.00;2,474.12,388.86,15.62,43.52;2,474.12,353.09,15.62,33.02;2,474.12,337.34,15.62,13.01;2,484.12,462.61,15.62,39.31;2,484.12,418.19,15.62,41.95;2,484.12,406.34,15.62,9.37;2,484.12,373.29,15.62,30.57;2,484.12,327.63,15.62,43.18;2,494.12,486.91,15.62,15.01;2,494.12,438.64,15.62,45.52;2,494.12,402.87,15.62,33.02;2,494.12,393.62,15.62,6.50;2,494.12,350.35,15.62,40.53;2,494.12,332.58,15.62,15.01;2,504.12,464.91,15.62,37.02;2,504.12,419.13,15.62,43.03;2,504.12,406.88,15.62,9.51;2,504.12,382.63,15.62,21.49;2,504.12,352.70,15.62,27.51;2,504.12,327.44,15.62,22.51;2,514.12,486.91,15.62,15.01;2,514.12,435.13,15.62,49.03;2,514.12,388.84,15.62,43.53;2,405.96,289.03,17.64,6.80;2,405.96,232.03,17.64,6.80;2,405.96,175.03,17.64,6.80;2,405.96,118.03,17.64,6.80;2,405.96,59.53,17.64,6.80"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>U.S. grocery data from the ready-to-drink tea category The positive effect of increases of distribution intensity is restricted to the early growth stage. an Internet channel is positively linked to investor reactions. This relationship is contingent on the timing of market entry, channel power, of a new channel is positively linked to investor reactions. Industry turbulence and competitive intensity strengthen this relationship, but firm efficiency and addition of a concurrent channel weaken this relationship. Investor reactions to an increase in distribution intensity are negatively moderated by industry turbulence, and competitive intensity is negatively and positively moderated by firms' market share and international expansion.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="8,69.00,642.00,225.09,14.65;8,83.74,652.13,210.24,14.64;8,83.73,662.25,176.99,14.64"><head>H 8 :</head><label>8</label><figDesc>Firms in an international market generate more firm value by (a) increasing distribution intensity and (b) establishing a new channel than do firms in national markets.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="9,410.36,691.00,147.65,16.27;9,318.00,702.50,240.00,16.27;9,318.00,714.00,240.00,16.27;9,54.00,749.34,138.66,9.06;10,321.93,749.34,236.08,9.06"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Prices for the U.S. companies and from Datastream for the firms listed in China and Germany. For the estimation, we used daily data on stock market 46 / Journal of Marketing, May 2014 Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 47</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="12,318.00,36.00,134.87,14.64;12,318.00,53.11,61.76,14.65;12,382.24,53.55,4.94,8.99;12,387.18,53.11,10.93,14.65;12,400.58,53.55,4.94,8.99;12,405.52,53.11,67.75,14.65;12,475.74,53.55,4.94,8.99;12,480.68,53.11,30.25,14.65;12,382.13,70.22,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,70.66,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,70.22,71.21,14.65;12,382.13,87.33,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,87.77,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,87.33,89.71,14.65;12,382.13,104.44,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,104.88,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,104.44,84.23,14.65;12,382.13,121.55,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,121.99,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,121.55,130.16,14.65;12,382.13,138.66,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,139.10,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,138.66,67.76,14.65;12,464.85,139.10,4.94,8.99;12,469.79,138.66,55.20,14.65;12,382.13,155.77,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,156.21,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,155.77,119.72,14.65;12,516.81,156.21,4.94,8.99;12,521.75,155.77,31.13,14.65;12,382.13,172.88,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,173.33,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,172.88,48.91,14.65;12,446.00,173.33,4.94,8.99;12,450.94,172.88,41.79,14.65;12,495.21,173.33,4.94,8.99;12,500.15,172.88,28.75,14.65;12,382.13,189.99,138.78,14.64;12,382.13,207.11,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,207.55,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,210.77,6.75,10.98;12,401.37,207.55,4.94,8.99;12,406.31,207.11,12.80,14.65;12,421.58,207.55,3.95,8.99;12,425.53,207.11,19.60,14.65;12,318.00,231.22,134.84,14.64;12,318.00,248.33,61.76,14.65;12,382.24,248.77,4.94,8.99;12,387.18,248.33,14.30,14.65;12,403.95,248.77,4.94,8.99;12,408.89,248.33,63.58,14.65;12,382.13,265.44,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,265.88,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,265.44,41.17,14.65;12,438.26,265.88,4.94,8.99;12,443.20,265.44,74.59,14.65;12,382.13,282.55,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,282.99,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,282.55,93.08,14.65;12,382.13,299.66,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,300.10,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,299.66,87.60,14.65;12,382.13,316.77,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,317.21,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,316.77,133.54,14.65;12,382.13,333.88,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,334.32,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,333.88,144.51,14.65;12,382.13,350.99,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,351.43,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,350.99,112.55,14.65;12,382.13,368.54,4.94,8.99;12,389.54,368.10,147.74,14.65;12,382.13,385.21,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,385.65,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,385.21,71.14,14.65;12,468.23,385.65,4.94,8.99;12,473.17,385.21,58.58,14.65;12,382.13,402.32,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,402.76,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,402.32,123.09,14.65;12,520.18,402.76,4.94,8.99;12,525.12,402.32,31.13,14.65;12,382.13,419.43,5.08,14.64;12,389.68,419.87,4.94,8.99;12,394.62,419.43,49.16,14.65;12,446.25,419.87,4.94,8.99;12,451.19,419.43,43.67,14.65;12,497.33,419.87,4.94,8.99;12,502.27,419.43,31.52,14.65;12,382.13,436.54,134.46,14.64;12,382.13,453.65,5.08,14.64;12,389.41,454.09,4.94,8.99;12,394.21,457.32,6.62,10.98;12,400.69,454.09,4.94,8.99;12,405.50,453.65,12.40,14.65;12,420.10,454.09,3.95,8.99;12,423.91,453.65,3.99,14.65"><head>¥</head><label></label><figDesc>Establishment of a Concurrent Channel i ) + b 24 (Sales Growth i ) + b 25 (Market Size i ) + b 26 (Indirect Channel Expansion i ) + b 27 (B2B i ) + b 28 (Service i ) + b 29 (China i ) + b 30 (U.S. i ) + Year Dummies + Industry Dummies + b 31 l 2i + e i .</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7" coords="13,150.80,36.00,46.40,17.35;13,58.27,48.00,231.45,17.35;13,56.62,60.00,234.76,17.35;13,105.65,72.00,136.70,17.35;13,82.67,90.99,182.67,15.62"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>FIGURE 2 Daily Average Abnormal Returns and Cumulated Abnormal Returns for the 15 Days Surrounding a Channel Expansion Measure A: Daily Average Abnormal Returns (AAR i )</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_8" coords="15,511.35,666.48,46.65,16.27;15,318.00,678.00,240.00,16.27;15,54.00,749.34,138.66,9.06;16,321.93,749.34,236.08,9.06"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>750 trading days). Because the time window of our sample extends to 52 / Journal of Marketing, May 2014 Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 53</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,76.00,359.40,17.35,41.21"><head>TABLE 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc></figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="5,54.00,36.00,494.11,722.40"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 43</figDesc><table coords="5,54.00,36.00,494.11,722.40">42 / Journal of Marketing, May 2014 

FIGURE 1 
Conceptual Framework 

Abnormal Stock 
Returns (SCAR i ) 

Increase in 
Distribution 
Intensity 

Establishment of 
a New Channel 

Firm Controls 

•! Sales Growth 
•! B2B vs. B2C-Dummy 
•! Service-Dummy 
•! Country Dummies 
•! Industry Dummies 

Controls 

Firm 

Market Share 

Return on Assets 

Industry Growth 

Industry 

International 

Channel Strategy 

Introducing the First 
Concurrent Channel 
Competitive Intensity 

H 3a 

+ 

H 3b 

+ 

H 4a 

+ 

H 4b 

-

H 1 

+ 

H 2 

+ 

H 5a 

+ 

H 5b 

+ 

H 6b 

+ 

H 7b 

-

H 6a 

-

H 7a 

-

H 8a 

+ 

H 8b 

+ 

H 9 

-

H 10 

+ 

Industry Turbulence 

Hypothesized Direct Relationships 

Relationships of Controls 

First Concurrent 
Channel x Indirect 

Hypothesized Moderating Relationships 

Market Controls 

•! Industry Sales 
•! Dummies for Year of Event 

Channel Strategy Controls 
•! Indirect expansion 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="13,318.00,36.00,238.51,462.88"><head>TABLE 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="13,318.00,47.50,238.51,451.38">Abnormal Stock Returns 

A: AAR t 

Observa-
Generalized 
Event Day tions 
M 
SD t-Value 
Sign Z 

-7 
240 
.09% .022 
.62 
-.38 
-6 
240 -.13% .022 
-.89 
-1.59 
-5 
240 -.09% .024 
-.60 
-.68 
-4 
240 
.03% .023 
.23 
-.10 
-3 
240 -.11% .024 
-.70 
-2.84** 
-2 
240 
.08% .021 
.61 
.35 
-1 
240 
.22% .023 
1.49* 
.45 
0 
240 
.24% .026 
1.46* 
.94 
1 
240 -.10% .021 
-.74 
-.82 
2 
240 -.03% .025 
-.22 
-.27 
3 
240 -.04% .024 
-.24 
-.83 
4 
240 
.04% .032 
.18 
.28 
5 
240 -.05% .023 
-.36 
-1.24 
6 
240 
.15% .024 
.93 
1.26 
7 
240 
.04% .023 
.23 
.43 

B: CAAR[-t 1 , t 2 ] 

Generalized 
Event Window 
M 
SD 
t-Value 
Sign Z 

-7 to +7 days 
.31% 
.0059 
.55 
1.01 
-6 to +6 days 
.20% 
.0052 
.40 
.78 
-5 to +5 days 
.19% 
.0048 
.38 
.75 
-4 to +4 days 
.31% 
.0042 
.78 
.73 
-3 to +3 days 
.21% 
.0055 
.60 
.41 
-3 to +2 days 
.25% 
.0053 
.74 
.89 
-2 to +3 days 
.35% 
.0047 
1.22 
1.14 
-2 to +2 days 
.39% 
.0046 
1.66** 
1.60 
-1 to +2 days 
.36% 
.0040 
1.17 
1.14 
-2 to +1 days 
.44% 
.0043 
1.73** 
1.50 
-1 to +1 days 
.36% 
.0036 
1.58* 
1.07 
0 to +2 days 
.31% 
.0028 
1.11 
1.47 
-1 to 0 days 
.46% 
.0031 
2.27** 
1.91** 
0 to +1 days 
.12% 
.0033 
.59 
.77 
Event day 
.24% 
.0026 
1.46* 
.92 

*p &lt; .10. 
**p &lt; .05. 
Notes: </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="14,54.00,36.00,486.51,452.38"><head>TABLE 4 Results</head><label>4</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="14,54.00,65.75,486.51,422.63">Increase in Distribution Intensity 
Establishment of a New Channel 

Dependent Variable: 
Direction of 
Direction of 
Abnormal Stock Returns a 
Hypothesis 

b 

SE 
Hypothesis 

b 

SE 

Intercept 
-1.99 
(2.66) 
.27 
(1.63) 

Firm Characteristics 
Market share 
+ 
9.86** 
(3.08) 
+ 
.42 
(1.95) 
ROA 
+ 
-2.45 
(2.28) 
-
-4.56** 
(1.74) 

Market Characteristics 
Industry growth 
+ 
-2.17 
(1.64) 
+ 
.40 
(1.70) 
Competitive intensity 
-
-14.69** 
(3.66) 
+ 
6.64** 
(2.79) 
Industry turbulence 
-
-.22* 
(.10) 
-
.08** 
(.02) 

Channel Expansion Strategy 
International 
+ 
2.26** 
(.70) 
+ 
.79* 
(.38) 
Concurrent channel 
-
-1.28* 
(.56) 
Concurrent channel 
+ 
2.27** 
(.73) 

¥ Indirect channel 

Selection Model 
Lambda 
.63** 
(.23) 
.05 
(.12) 

Controls 
Sales growth 
-1.92 
(1.83) 
-1.74* 
(.90) 
Market size 
-.00 
(.00) 
.00* 
(.00) 
Indirect channel 
.29 
(.53) 
-.83* 
(.36) 
B2B 
-.40 
(.70) 
-.35 
(.51) 
Service 
-.47 
(1.09) 
.56 
(.83) 
China 
1.67* 
(.79) 
.38 
(.54) 
United States 
.66 
(.69) 
.63 
(.43) 
Industry dummies b 
Included 
Included 
Year dummies c 
Included 
Included 
Observations 
110 
130 
R-square 
.51 
.48 
Adjusted R-square 
.32 
.29 
F 
2.66** 
2.57** 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 
a Event window: -1 day through 0 days. 
b Industry dummies include food, textiles, pharmaceuticals, durables, computers, transportation, finance, and others. 
c Year dummies for 2000 (reference category) through 2010. 
Notes: One-tailed tests of significance. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="19,54.00,240.37,502.69,486.25"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>ordinary least squares and Scholes-Williams) Hirschman index for industry concentration within the (four-digit) SIC code Compustat Luo, Homburg, and Wieseke (2010) Industry turbulence Coefficient of variation in sales of the firm's industry (standard deviation of sales in relation to average sales growth within the industry over three years) Dummy for the establishment of a new channel that is the first direct or the first indirect channel in a firm's channel system serving one target market Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 57</figDesc><table coords="19,54.00,240.37,502.69,486.25">Center for Research 
in Security Prices and 
Datastream 

Raassens, Wuyts, and 
Geyskens (2012) 

Channel Expansions 
Increase in distribu-
tion intensity 
Increase of the number of channel entities within an 
existing channel 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Bucklin, Siddarth, and 
Silva-Risso (2008) 
Establishment of a 
new channel 
Addition of a new type of channel to the firm's 
existing channel system 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Geyskens, Gielens, 
and Dekimpe (2002) 
Moderators 
Market share 
Firm's sales relative to total industry sales (four-digit 
SIC code) 
Compustat 
Tuli, Bharadwaj, and 
Kohli (2010) 
ROA 
Earnings before extraordinary items in relation to 
total assets 
Compustat 
Rego, Billet, and 
Morgan (2009) 
Industry growth 
Average three-year sales growth of the industry 
(four-digit SIC code) 
Compustat 
Bahadir, Bharadwaj, 
and Srivastava (2008) 
Competitive 
intensity 
Inverse Herfindahl-Compustat 
Srinivasan, Lilien, and 
Sridhar (2011) 

International channel 
expansion 
Dummy for international (1) or national (0) sales 
expansion 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Anderson and 
Coughlan (1987) 
Introducing the first 
concurrent channel 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Sa Vinhas and 
Anderson (2005) 

Firm-Level Controls 
Sales growth 
Logarithm of the firm's sales in t divided by sales in 
t -1 
Compustat 
Tuli, Baradwaj, and 
Kohli (2010) 
Market size 
Total sales volume within the SIC code (four digits) 
Compustat 
Karuna (2007) 
Indirect channel 
expansion 
Dummy for indirect (1) or direct (0) sales expansion 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Shervani, Frazier, and 
Challagalla (2007) 
China 
Country dummy for company from China (reference 
category: Germany) 
Compustat 

United States 
Country dummy for company from the United States 
(reference category: Germany) 
Compustat 

Service firm 
Dummy for service-focused company (1) or product-
focused company (0) 
Compustat 
Srinivasan, Lilien, and 
Sridhar (2011) 

APPENDIX B 
Measurement 

Variable 
Description 
Source(s) 
Exemplary Literature 

B2B firm 
Dummy for B2B company (1) or B2C company (0) 
Compustat 
Srinivasan, Lilien, and 
Sridhar (2011) 
Event year 
Dummy for 2000-2010 (reference category: 2000) 
LexisNexis and 
Factiva 
Industry dummies 
Dummy variables according to the four-digit SIC 
code 
Compustat 
Barth, Cram, and 
Nelson (2001) 
Selection Model Variables 
Financial leverage 
Long-term debt in relation to total assets 
Compustat 
Luo, Homburg, and 
Wieseke (2010) 
Firm size 
Log of total assets 
Compustat 
Rego, Billett, and 
Morgan (2009) 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2">Intra-and interchannel competition are types of intrabrand competition, which is the competition between the channel entities of a given good(Rey and Stieglitz 1995). We thank an anonymous reviewer for suggesting that we draw on this line of reasoning. Double marginalization occurs when a manufacturer and its sales partner independently maximize their profit margins in a Stackelberg game, leading to suboptimal price setting. Specifically, the price for the good is higher and sales volume is lower than in a vertically integrated channel, leading to lower production and consumption rents<ref type="bibr" coords="4,109.88,715.00,123.25,14.64" target="#b29">(Chiang, Chhajed, and Hess 2003)</ref>.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="3">This moderator applies only for the establishment of a new channel. Distribution intensity is always increased within existing direct or indirect channels. Channels are defined as concurrent when an own channel and independent channels transact in the same geography and sell the same products (Sa Vinhas and Anderson 2005, p. 507).</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">Firm size and firm financial leverage do not significantly influence abnormal stock returns of an increase in distribution intensity or the establishment of a new channel when included in the secondstage models.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="5">We thank the area editor and two anonymous JM reviewers for this valuable observation.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,262.78,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,272.78,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,282.78,99.66,14.64" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Agency Relationships in Marketing: A Review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Bergen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shantanu</forename><surname>Dutta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Orville</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="1992-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,292.95,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,302.95,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,312.95,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,322.95,173.04,14.64" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing, Market Growth, and Endogenous Growth Theory: An Inquiry into the Causes of Market Growth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bharadwaj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terry</forename><surname>Sundar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Songpol</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kulviwat</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,333.12,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,343.12,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,353.12,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,363.12,135.13,14.64" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">P&amp;G Starts Direct Sale of Brands Online</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Birchall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/e8c55cba-63a5-11df-a32b-00144feab49a.html" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Financial Times</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-05-20" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,373.29,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,383.29,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,393.29,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,403.29,117.63,14.64" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Selection Bias Corrections Based on the Multinomial Logit Model: Monte Carlo Comparisons</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">François</forename><surname>Bourguignon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Fournier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Gurgand</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Surveys</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="174" to="205" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,413.46,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,423.46,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,433.46,115.65,14.64" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Simple Test for Heteroscedasticity and Random Coefficient Variation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Trevor</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Breusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrian</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Pagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1287" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,443.63,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,453.63,228.00,14.64;20,330.00,463.63,107.13,14.64" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using Daily Stock Returns: The Case of Event Studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jerold</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,318.00,473.80,240.00,14.64;20,330.00,483.80,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,493.80,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,503.80,112.62,14.64" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Goodbye Pareto Principle, Hello Long Tail: The Effect of Search Costs on the Concentration of Product Sales</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erik</forename><surname>Brynjolfsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yu</forename><forename type="middle">(</forename><surname>Jeffrey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">)</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Duncan</forename><surname>Simester</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1373" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,513.97,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,523.97,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,533.97,164.77,14.64" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Distribution Intensity and New Car Choice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Randolph</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Bucklin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Siddarth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jorge</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Silva-Risso</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="473" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,544.14,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,554.14,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,564.14,165.33,14.64" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Revolution in Interaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ted</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Patrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alistair</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lenny</forename><surname>Hanna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Byron</forename><surname>Mendonca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Auguste</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Manyika</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">McKinsey Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,574.32,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,584.32,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,594.32,104.63,14.64" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Share: A Key to Profitability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Buzzell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ralph</forename><forename type="middle">G M</forename><surname>Gale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sultan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="106" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,604.49,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,614.49,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,624.49,141.10,14.64" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multi-Country Event-Study Methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cynthia</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Arnold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Valentina</forename><surname>Cowan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Salotti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Banking &amp; Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3078" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,634.66,239.82,14.64;20,329.99,644.66,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,654.66,55.94,14.64" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When Do Acquirers Earn Abnormal Returns?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurence</forename><surname>Capron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nathalie</forename><surname>Pistre</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="781" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,664.83,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,674.83,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,684.83,139.61,14.64" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Incumbent&apos;s Curse? Incumbency, Size, and Radical Product Innovation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajesh</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chandy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerard</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="17" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.99,695.00,240.00,14.64;20,329.99,705.00,228.00,14.64;20,329.99,715.00,166.34,14.64" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Impact of New Product Introductions on the Market Value of Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Chaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Timothy</forename><surname>Devinney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Russ</forename><surname>Winer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="573" to="610" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,262.77,240.00,14.64;20,66.00,273.28,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,283.80,15.75,14.64" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Perils of High-Growth Markets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Aaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="409" to="421" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,294.32,240.00,14.64;20,66.00,304.84,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,315.35,162.33,14.64" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Economic Worth of Celebrity Endorsers: An Event Study Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jagdish</forename><surname>Agrawal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wagner</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kamakura</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="56" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1995-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,325.87,240.00,14.64;20,66.00,336.39,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,346.90,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,357.42,28.92,14.64" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Power and Performance: A Cross-Industry Analysis of Manufacturers and Retailers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kusum</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ailawadi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norm</forename><surname>Borin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Farris</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Retailing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="259" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,367.94,240.00,14.64;20,66.00,378.46,227.82,14.64;20,66.00,388.97,153.59,14.64" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Event Studies with a Contaminated Estimation Period</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nihat</forename><surname>Aktas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><surname>De Bodt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean-Gabriel</forename><surname>Cousin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="174" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Corporate Finance</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,399.49,239.82,14.64;20,66.00,410.01,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,420.52,228.00,14.64;20,66.00,431.04,11.25,14.64" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International Market Entry and Expansion via Independent or Integrated Channels of Distribution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Coughlan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1987-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.00,441.56,240.00,14.64;20,66.00,452.07,228.00,14.64;20,65.99,462.59,67.96,14.64" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Channel Migration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ansari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carl</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Asim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Neslin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.99,473.11,240.00,14.64;20,65.99,483.63,227.82,14.64;20,65.99,494.14,141.60,14.64" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Severity of Contract Enforcement in Interfirm Channel Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kersi</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Antia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2001-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.99,504.66,240.00,14.64;20,65.99,515.18,228.00,14.64;20,65.99,525.69,227.82,14.64;20,65.99,536.21,111.64,14.64" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Financial Value of Brands in Mergers and Acquisitions: Is Value in the Eye of the Beholder?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bahadir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sundar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajendra</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bharadwaj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Srivastava</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.99,546.73,240.00,14.64;20,65.99,557.25,228.00,14.64;20,65.98,567.76,140.87,14.64" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joe</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Barriers to New Competition: Their Character and Consequences in Manufacturing Industries</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1956" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.98,578.28,239.99,14.64;20,65.97,588.80,227.99,14.64;20,65.96,599.32,227.99,14.64;20,65.96,609.83,154.55,14.64" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Environmental Marketing Strategy and Firm Performance: Effects on New Product Performance and Market Share</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sinkula</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="461" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.95,620.35,240.00,14.64;20,65.95,630.87,227.99,14.64;20,65.94,641.39,227.99,14.64;20,65.93,651.90,29.25,14.64;20,53.93,662.42,240.00,14.64;20,65.93,672.94,228.00,14.64;20,65.92,683.46,198.79,14.64" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detecting Long-Run Abnormal Stock Returns: The Empirical Power and Specification of Test Statistics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brad</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Barber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lyon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="341" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Financial Economics</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,53.92,693.97,239.99,14.64;20,65.91,704.49,228.00,14.64;20,65.91,715.01,125.61,14.64" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Accruals and the Prediction of Future Cash Flows</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Barth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Donald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Cram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Accounting Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,54.00,36.00,240.00,14.64;21,66.00,46.13,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,56.27,227.82,14.64;21,66.00,66.40,72.66,14.64" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Examining the Shareholder Wealth Effects of Announcements of Newly Created CIO Positions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Chatterjee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vernon</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Debabroto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Richardson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Zmud</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MIS Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,54.00,76.54,240.00,14.64;21,66.00,86.67,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,96.81,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,106.94,181.10,14.64" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Will eChannel Additions Increase the Financial Performance of the Firm?-The Evidence from Taiwan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julian M.-S</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Show-Ming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wen-Hsien</forename><surname>Tsao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hill H.-J</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,54.00,117.08,240.00,14.64;21,66.00,127.21,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,137.34,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,147.48,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,157.61,162.53,14.64" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">HP Strengthens Consumer Leadership in Asia Pacific</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrian</forename><surname>Chia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Liana</forename><surname>Teo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.business-wire.com/news/home/20080917005482/en/HP-Strengthens-Consumer-Leadership-Asia-Pacific-Rollout" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Wire</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-09-17" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,54.00,167.75,240.00,14.64;21,66.00,177.88,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,188.02,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,198.15,46.94,14.64" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Direct Marketing, Indirect Profits: A Strategic Analysis of Dual-Channel Supply-Chain Design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wei-Yu</forename><surname>Chiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dilip</forename><surname>Kevin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Chhajed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hess</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,54.00,208.28,240.00,14.64;21,66.00,218.42,228.00,14.64;21,66.00,228.55,65.19,14.64" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Lenovo Group to Establish 1000 Stores in India</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>China Industry Daily News</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed March. available at Factiva database</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,238.69,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,248.82,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,258.96,88.67,14.64" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ping An Insurance Opens New Store on Taobao</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chinese Business</forename><surname>News</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed March. available at LexisNexis database</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,269.09,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,279.22,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,289.36,227.82,14.64;21,65.99,299.49,180.73,14.64" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing the Economic Value of Distribution Channels: An Application to the Personal Computer Industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Junhong</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pradeep</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chintagunta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naufel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vilcassim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2007-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,309.63,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,319.76,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,329.90,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,340.03,167.78,14.64" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploratory Evidence of Channel Performance in Single vs. Multiple Channel Strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Filipe</forename><surname>Coelho</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chris</forename><surname>Easingwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arnaldo</forename><surname>Coelho</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Retail &amp; Distribution Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="561" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,350.16,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,360.30,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,370.43,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,380.57,44.47,14.64" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Firm Size and the Nature of Innovation Within Industries: The Case of Process and Product R&amp;D</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wesley</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>Klepper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="232" to="275" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,390.70,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,400.84,218.79,14.64" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diagnostics for Heteroscedasticity in Regression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sanford</forename><surname>Dennis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Weisberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biometrika</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="10" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,410.97,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,421.10,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,431.24,89.05,14.64;21,53.99,441.37,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,451.51,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,461.64,33.75,14.64" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Retail Pricing: Does Channel Length Matter?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Coughlan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Louis</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Stern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adel</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>El-Ansary</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Marketing Channels</title>
		<editor>NJ: Prentice Hall. ---and Rajiv Lal</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="214" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>7th ed. Upper Saddle River</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,471.78,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,481.91,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,492.04,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nonparametric Event Study Tests</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arnold</forename><surname>Cowan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Richard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Quantitative Finance and Accounting</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,502.18,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,512.31,228.00,14.64;21,65.99,522.45,200.33,14.64" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Meta-Analytic Review of Opportunism in Exchange Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jody</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Crosno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Dahlstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.99,532.58,240.00,14.64;21,65.99,542.72,228.00,14.64;21,65.98,552.85,227.99,14.64;21,65.98,562.98,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Empirical Investigation of Ex Post Transaction Costs in Franchised Distribution Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Dahlstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arne</forename><surname>Nygaard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="160" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="1999-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.98,573.12,240.00,14.64;21,65.98,583.25,227.99,14.64;21,65.97,593.39,208.96,14.64" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Daimler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.daimler.com/Projects/c2c/channel/documents/2287152_Daimler_Annual_Report_2012.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Report</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed March</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.97,603.52,239.99,14.64;21,65.96,613.65,227.99,14.64;21,65.95,623.79,228.00,14.64;21,65.95,633.92,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human Resource Management and Labor Productivity: Does Industry Matter?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deepak</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Datta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>James</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patrick</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Guthrie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="180" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.95,644.06,240.00,14.64;21,65.95,654.19,228.00,14.64;21,65.94,664.32,187.31,14.64" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Systematic Assessment of the Empirical Support for Transaction Cost Economics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shin-Kap</forename><surname>Han</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,53.94,674.46,239.99,14.64;21,65.94,684.59,228.00,14.64;21,65.93,694.73,228.00,14.64;21,65.93,704.86,228.00,14.64;21,65.92,714.99,143.26,14.64" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Cannibalistic is the Internet Channel? A Study of the Newspaper Industry in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barbara</forename><surname>Deleersnyder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katrijn</forename><surname>Gielens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marnik</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dekimpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Research in Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="337" to="385" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.92,35.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.92,45.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,55.99,189.32,14.64" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leveraging Brand Equity to Attract Human Capital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Devon</forename><surname>Delvecchio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cheryl</forename><forename type="middle">Burke</forename><surname>Jarvis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Klink</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dineen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Letters</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.92,66.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.92,76.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,86.99,168.38,14.64" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Econometric Analysis of Residential Electric Appliance Holdings and Consumption</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Dubin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mcfadden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.92,97.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.92,107.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,117.99,217.27,14.64" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vertical Territorial Restrictions and Public Policy: Theories and Industry Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Dutta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Shantanu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bergen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="1999-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.92,128.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.92,138.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,148.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,158.99,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Output Sector Munificence Effects on the Internal Political Economy of Marketing Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Dwyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sejo</forename><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Oh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1987-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.92,169.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.92,179.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.92,189.99,202.31,14.64;21,317.92,200.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,210.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,220.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,230.99,133.80,14.64" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Trustworthiness in Reducing Transaction Costs and Improving Performance: Empirical Evidence from the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Dyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>; Wujin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Organization Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,241.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,251.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,261.99,220.42,14.64" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Value of Multi-Channel Distribution Systems in the Financial Services Sector</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Easingwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Storey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Service Industries Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="264" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,272.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,282.99,152.32,14.64" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sources and Types of Intrachannel Conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Etgar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Retailing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,293.99,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,303.99,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,313.99,15.75,14.64" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Efficient Capital Markets: A Review of Theory and Empirical Work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eugene</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Fama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="383" to="417" />
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,325.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,335.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,345.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,355.00,110.32,14.64;21,317.91,366.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,376.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,386.00,123.15,14.64" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of Customer and Innovation Asset Configuration Strategies on Firm Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Eric</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajdeep</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<editor>Jan-Benedict E.M. Steenkamp</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="14" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,397.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,407.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,417.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,427.00,11.25,14.64" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Patterns of Credible Commitments: Territory and Brand Selectivity in Industrial Distribution Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adam</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Fein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="1997-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,438.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,448.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,458.00,55.94,14.64" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizing and Managing Channels of Distribution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="226" to="266" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,469.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,479.00,214.20,14.64;21,317.91,490.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,500.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,510.00,144.11,14.64" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Distributor Sharing of Strategic Information with Suppliers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Walfried</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lassar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<editor>Elliot Maltz, Kersi D Antia, and Aric Rindfleisch</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="43" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,521.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,531.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,541.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,551.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,561.00,51.44,14.64" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Supply Chain Management and Retailer Performance: Emerging Trends, Issues, and Implications for Research and Practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Morris</forename><surname>Shankar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barton</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Weitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Retailing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="84" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,572.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,582.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,592.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,602.00,92.84,14.64" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversification Strategy and Internationalization: Implications for MNE Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Geringer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Paul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard C. Da</forename><surname>Beamish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="109" to="119" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,613.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,623.00,227.82,14.64;21,329.91,633.00,140.28,14.64" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Market Valuation of Internet Channel Additions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katrijn</forename><surname>Gielens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marnik</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dekimpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="102" to="119" />
			<date type="published" when="2002-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.91,644.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.91,654.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,664.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.91,674.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.90,684.00,158.28,14.64" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dancing with a Giant: The Effect of Wal-Mart&apos;s Entry into the United Kingdom on the Performance of European Retailers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Gielens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Linda</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Katrijn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan-Benedict</forename><surname>Van De Gucht</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Steenkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marnik</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dekimpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="553" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,317.90,695.00,240.00,14.64;21,329.90,705.00,228.00,14.64;21,329.90,715.00,73.66,14.64" xml:id="b60">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Designing Channel Incentives to Overcome Reseller Rejection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Gilliland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="95" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Industrial Marketing Management</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,65.60,749.34,127.07,9.06" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,321.93,749.34,236.08,9.06" xml:id="b62">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 59</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,36.00,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,46.13,227.82,14.64;22,66.00,56.27,209.81,14.64" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Control-Based Channel Governance and Relative Dependence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gregory</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gundlach</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="441" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,66.40,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,76.54,228.00,14.64;22,66.00,86.67,137.63,14.64" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Corporate Governance Matter in Competitive Industries?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xavier</forename><surname>Giroud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Holger</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="312" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,96.81,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,106.94,228.00,14.64;22,66.00,117.08,82.34,14.64" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Satisfaction, Cash Flow, and Shareholder Value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Gruca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lopo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rego</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,127.21,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,137.34,218.80,14.64" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Strategic Analysis of Intangible Resources</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="179" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,147.48,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,157.61,228.00,14.64;22,66.00,167.75,195.75,14.64" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Answering the Call for a Standard Reliability Measure for Coding Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Klaus</forename><surname>Krippendorff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Communication Methods and Measures</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,177.88,240.00,14.64;22,66.00,188.02,154.98,14.64" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sample Selection Bias as a Specification Error</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,54.00,198.15,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,208.28,213.29,14.64;22,53.99,218.42,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,228.55,207.57,14.64" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interorganizational Governance in Marketing Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">; George</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="32" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="1992-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,238.69,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,248.82,227.82,14.64;22,65.99,258.96,157.93,14.64" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Explaining the Swollen Middle: Why Most Transactions Are a Mix of &apos;Market&apos; and &apos;Hierarchy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean-François</forename><surname>Hennart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="529" to="576" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,269.09,240.49,14.64;22,65.99,279.22,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,289.36,134.13,14.64" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Cautionary Note on the Method of Least Median Squares</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hettmansperger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Simon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sheather</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The American Statistician</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,299.49,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,309.63,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,319.76,154.23,14.64" xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">VW to double size of dealer network in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Highbeam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Com</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-238725530.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,329.90,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,340.03,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,350.16,147.10,14.64" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate Distinctive Competence, Strategy, Industry and Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">Duane</forename><surname>Ireland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="273" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,360.30,239.82,14.64;22,65.99,370.43,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,380.57,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,390.70,137.63,14.64" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Much of the Diversification Discount Can Be Explained by Poor Corporate Governance?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Hoechle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Markus</forename><surname>Schmid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ingo</forename><surname>Walter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Yermack</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,400.84,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,410.97,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,421.10,190.49,14.64" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Internationalization and Performance: Traditional Measures and Their Decomposition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chin-Chun</forename><surname>Hsu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Boggs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multinational Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,431.24,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,441.37,228.00,14.64;22,65.99,451.51,33.75,14.64" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The 1972 Wald Lecture Robust Statistics: A Review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Annals of Mathematical Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1041" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.99,461.64,240.00,14.64;22,65.99,471.78,228.00,14.64;22,65.98,481.91,44.14,14.64" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is Channel Coordination All It Is Cracked Up to Be?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ingene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Parry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Retailing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="511" to="558" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.98,492.04,240.00,14.64;22,65.98,502.18,228.00,14.64;22,65.98,512.31,228.00,14.64" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bilateral Monopoly, Identical Distributors, and Game-Theoretic Analyses of Distribution Channels</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="586" to="602" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.98,522.45,240.00,14.64;22,65.98,532.58,228.00,14.64;22,65.98,542.72,64.13,14.64" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is Market Share All That It&apos;s Cracked Up to Be?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Aaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="1985-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.98,552.85,239.99,14.64;22,65.98,562.98,228.00,14.64;22,65.98,573.12,228.00,14.64;22,65.97,583.25,44.47,14.64" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Financial Markets and Customer Satisfaction: Reexamining Possible Financial Market Mispricing of Customer Satisfaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Natalie</forename><surname>Mizik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="810" to="829" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.97,593.39,240.00,14.64;22,65.97,603.52,227.99,14.64;22,65.96,613.65,227.99,14.64;22,65.96,623.79,35.47,14.64" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of the Variety of Routes to Market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rupinder</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Jindal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manfred</forename><surname>Werner Reinartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wayne</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Krafft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hoyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Research in Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="29" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.95,633.92,240.00,14.64;22,65.95,644.06,227.99,14.64;22,65.95,654.19,223.48,14.64" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Movie Advertising and the Stock Market Valuation of Studios: A Case of &apos;Great Expectations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amit</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Joshi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dominique</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hanssens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.94,664.32,239.99,14.64;22,65.93,674.46,227.99,14.64;22,65.92,684.59,77.67,14.64" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Industry Product Market Competition and Managerial Incentives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christo</forename><surname>Karuna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Accounting &amp; Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2/3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="275" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,53.92,694.73,240.00,14.64;22,65.92,704.86,227.99,14.64;22,65.92,714.99,194.15,14.64" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multinationals&apos; Diversification and the Risk Return Trade-Off</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Willem</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hwang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Burgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="275" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.92,35.99,240.00,14.64;22,329.92,45.99,228.00,14.64;22,329.92,55.99,228.00,14.64;22,329.92,65.99,148.11,14.64" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Orientation: A Meta-Analytic Review and Assessment of Its Antecedents and Impact on Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ahmet</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kirca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Satish Jayachandran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bearden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="24" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.92,76.44,240.00,14.64;22,329.92,86.44,228.00,14.64;22,329.92,96.44,127.63,14.64" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Market Forces in Assuring Contractual Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Keith</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Leffler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="615" to="656" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.92,106.89,240.00,14.64;22,329.92,116.89,228.00,14.64;22,329.92,126.89,228.00,14.64;22,329.92,136.89,15.75,14.64" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Transaction Cost Analysis Model of Channel Integration in International Markets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Saul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Victor</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Roth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="196" to="208" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.92,147.34,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,157.34,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,167.34,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,177.34,93.66,14.64" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Who Are the Multichannel Shoppers and How Do They Perform? Correlates of Multichannel Shopping Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vipin</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajkumar</forename><surname>Venkatesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Interactive Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,187.79,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,197.79,131.13,14.64" xml:id="b89">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Retailing Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Levy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barton</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Weitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boston</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>7th ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,208.24,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,218.24,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,228.24,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,238.24,129.43,14.64" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-Selection Models in Corporate Finance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kai</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nagpurnanand</forename><surname>Prabhala</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of Corporate Finance: Empirical Corporate Finance</title>
		<editor>B. Espen Eckbo, ed. Amsterdam: North-Holland</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="37" to="86" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,248.69,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,258.69,144.81,14.64" xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The New Issues Puzzle</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tim</forename><surname>Loughran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jay</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ritter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,269.14,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,279.14,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,289.14,164.47,14.64" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">SME Internationalization and Performance: Growth vs. Profitability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jane</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Beamish</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Entrepreneurship</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="48" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,299.59,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,309.59,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,319.59,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,329.59,110.16,14.64;22,317.91,340.04,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,350.04,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,360.04,219.05,14.64" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Debate over Doing Good: Corporate Social Performance, Strategic Marketing Levers, and Firm-Idiosyncratic Risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xueming</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1041" to="1113" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-11" />
			<publisher>Christian Homburg</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,370.49,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,380.49,207.96,14.64" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Event Studies in Economics and Finance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mackinlay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Craig</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Literature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="13" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,390.94,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,400.94,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,410.94,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,420.94,221.46,14.64" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parameter Estimation in Marketing Models in the Presence of Influential Response Data: Robust Regression and Applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vijay</forename><surname>Mahajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Subhash</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yoram</forename><surname>Wind</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="268" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1984-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,431.39,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,441.39,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,451.39,130.10,14.64" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adjusting for Beta Bias: An Assessment of Alternative Techniques: A Note</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mcinish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="277" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,461.84,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,471.84,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,481.84,183.06,14.64" xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Event Studies in Management Research: Theoretical and Empirical Issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Abagail</forename><surname>Mcwilliams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Siegel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="626" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,492.29,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,502.29,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,512.29,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,522.29,132.10,14.64" xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Determinants of Positive Long-Term Performance in Strategic Mergers: Corporate Focus and Cash</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Megginson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Angela</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lance</forename><surname>Nail</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Banking &amp; Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="523" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,532.74,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,542.74,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,552.74,126.13,14.64" xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resource and Market Based Determinants of Performance in the U.S. Banking Industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajay</forename><surname>Mehra</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="307" to="322" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,563.19,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,573.19,228.00,14.64;22,329.91,583.19,43.96,14.64" xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brand Portfolio Strategy and Firm Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Neil</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lopo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rego</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="59" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.91,593.64,240.00,14.64;22,329.91,603.64,228.00,14.64;22,329.90,613.64,204.97,14.64" xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Wal-Mart to Begin Selling Dell PCs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>Musil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://news.cnet.com/8301-17938_105-9722613-1.html" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">February</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007-05-23" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>CNet</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.90,624.09,240.00,14.64;22,329.90,634.09,228.00,14.64;22,329.90,644.09,228.00,14.64;22,329.90,654.09,11.25,14.64" xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing in the C-Suite: A Study of Chief Marketing Officer Power in Firms&apos; Top Management Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pravin</forename><surname>Nath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vijay</forename><surname>Mahajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.90,664.54,240.00,14.64;22,329.90,674.54,228.00,14.64;22,329.90,684.54,228.00,14.64;22,329.90,694.54,213.60,14.64" xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Challenges and Opportunities in Multichannel Customer Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Neslin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dhruv</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Leghorn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Venkatesh</forename><surname>Shankar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marije</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Teerling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacquelyn</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,317.90,704.99,240.00,14.64;22,329.90,714.99,188.47,14.64" xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Transaction Cost Theory of Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Douglass</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Theoretical Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,54.00,36.00,240.00,14.64;23,66.00,46.13,228.00,14.64;23,66.00,56.27,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Caution Regarding Rules of Thumb for Variance Inflation Factors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;brian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quality &amp; Quantity</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="673" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,54.00,66.40,240.00,14.64;23,66.00,76.54,228.00,14.64;23,66.00,86.67,39.97,14.64" xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Manufacturer&apos;s Returns Policies and Retail Price Competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Padmanabhan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">P L</forename><surname>Png</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,54.00,96.81,240.00,14.64;23,66.00,106.94,228.00,14.64;23,66.00,117.08,228.00,14.64;23,66.00,127.21,162.59,14.64" xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New Products, Sales Promotions, and Firm Value: The Case of the Automobile Industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Koen</forename><surname>Pauwels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jorge</forename><surname>Silva-Risso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shuba</forename><surname>Srinivasan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dominique</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hanssens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="142" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,54.00,137.34,240.00,14.64;23,66.00,147.48,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,157.61,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,167.75,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,177.88,61.95,14.64" xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decomposing Influence Strategies: Argument Structure and Dependence as Determinants of the Effectiveness of Influence Strategies in Gaining Channel Member Compliance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Janice</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Payan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Mcfarland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="66" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,188.02,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,198.15,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,208.28,171.44,14.64" xml:id="b109">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pfizer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.pfizer.com/files/annualreport/2012/financial/financial2012.pdf" />
		<title level="m">Appendix A: 2012 Financial Report</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed February</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,218.42,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,228.55,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,238.69,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,248.82,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,258.96,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b110">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing Alternative Theories of the Firm: Transaction Cost, Knowledge-Based, and Measurement Explanations for Make-or-Buy Decisions in Information Services</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><surname>Zenger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="853" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,269.09,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,279.22,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,289.36,55.61,14.64" xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are IPOs Really Underpriced?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amiyatosh</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Purnanandam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bhaskaran</forename><surname>Swaminathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Financial Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="811" to="859" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,299.49,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,309.63,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,319.76,88.15,14.64" xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dual Distribution Channels: The Competition Between Rental Agencies and Dealers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Devavrat</forename><surname>Purohit</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="228" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,329.90,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,340.03,227.82,14.64;23,65.99,350.16,151.78,14.64" xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Staelin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Rentals, Sales, and Buybacks: Managing Secondary Distribution Channels</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994-11" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="363" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,360.30,239.82,14.64;23,65.99,370.43,228.00,14.64;23,65.99,380.57,24.75,14.64" xml:id="b114">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Internet and International Marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Quelch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MIT Sloan Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.99,390.70,240.00,14.64;23,65.99,400.84,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,410.97,198.23,14.64" xml:id="b115">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Market Valuation of Outsourcing New Product Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Néomie</forename><surname>Raassens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stefan</forename><surname>Wuyts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="682" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2012-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.98,421.10,240.00,14.64;23,65.98,431.24,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,441.37,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,451.51,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tests for Specification Errors in Classical Linear Least-Squares Regression Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Ramsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series B (Methodological)</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="350" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1969" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.98,461.64,239.82,14.64;23,65.98,471.78,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,481.91,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,492.04,46.61,14.64" xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Opportunities and Challenges in Multichannel Marketing: An Introduction to the Special Issue</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arvind</forename><surname>Rangaswamy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerrit</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Van Bruggen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Interactive Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.98,502.18,240.00,14.64;23,65.98,512.31,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,522.45,212.96,14.64" xml:id="b118">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">To Extend or Not to Extend: Success Determinants of Line Extensions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Srinivas</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Reddy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Susan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Subodh</forename><surname>Holak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bhat</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1994-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.98,532.58,240.00,14.64;23,65.98,542.72,228.00,14.64;23,65.98,552.85,127.14,14.64" xml:id="b119">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumer-Based Brand Equity and Firm Risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lopo</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><surname>Billett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Neil</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="47" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.97,562.98,240.00,14.64;23,65.97,573.12,227.99,14.64;23,65.97,583.25,206.02,14.64" xml:id="b120">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Share and Distribution: A Generalization, a Speculation, and Some Implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reibstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Farris</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="190" to="202" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.96,593.39,240.00,14.64;23,65.96,603.52,227.99,14.64;23,65.95,613.65,86.17,14.64" xml:id="b121">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Exclusive Territories in Producers Competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patrick</forename><surname>Rey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Stiglitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">RAND Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="431" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.95,623.79,240.00,14.64;23,65.95,633.92,228.00,14.64;23,65.95,644.06,227.99,14.64;23,65.94,654.19,82.45,14.64" xml:id="b122">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Potential Conflict Drives Channel Structure: Concurrent (Direct and Indirect) Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sa</forename><surname>Vinhas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alberto</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erin</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="507" to="515" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.94,664.32,240.00,14.64;23,65.94,674.46,227.99,14.64;23,65.93,684.59,55.94,14.64" xml:id="b123">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating Betas from Nonsynchronous Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Myron</forename><surname>Scholes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="328" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.93,694.73,239.99,14.64;23,65.92,704.86,228.00,14.64;23,65.92,714.99,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,35.99,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,46.01,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,56.02,116.23,14.64" xml:id="b124">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Procter &amp; Gamble, Maker of Tide and Pampers, Launching Web Site Mainly to Study Its Customers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dan</forename><surname>Sewell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://tech.gaeatimes.com/index.php/archive/procter-gamble-maker-of-tide-and-pampers-launching-web-site-mainly-to-study-its-customers/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Gaea Times</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-01-14" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>available at</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,67.04,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,77.05,227.82,14.64;23,329.92,87.07,127.62,14.64" xml:id="b125">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Choosing an Optimal Channel Mix in Multichannel Environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arun</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anuj</forename><surname>Mehrotra</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,98.08,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,108.10,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,118.12,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,128.13,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,138.15,88.67,14.64" xml:id="b126">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Moderating Influence of Firm Market Power on the Transaction Cost Economics Model: An Empirical Test in a Forward Channel Integration Context</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tasadduq</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Shervani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Goutam</forename><surname>Challagalla</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="635" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,149.16,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,159.18,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,169.19,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,179.21,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,189.22,80.15,14.64" xml:id="b127">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">P&amp;G Opens Online Shop: Should Retailers Worry?&quot; Brandchannel</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Silverstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.brandchannel.com/home/post/feed/2010/05/20/Procter-Gamble-Online-Store.aspx?format=ATOM" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-05-20" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed February</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,200.24,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,210.25,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,220.27,181.59,14.64" xml:id="b128">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategy, Distinctive Competence, and Organizational Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Snow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Hrebiniak</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="317" to="353" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,231.28,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,241.30,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,251.31,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,261.33,115.33,14.64" xml:id="b129">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New Product Preannouncements and Shareholder Value: Don&apos;t Make Promises You Can&apos;t Keep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alina</forename><surname>Sorescu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Venkatesh</forename><surname>Shankar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tarun</forename><surname>Kushwaha</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="468" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2007-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,272.34,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,282.36,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,292.37,82.67,14.64" xml:id="b130">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dual Distribution and Intangible Firm Value: Franchising in Restaurant Chains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Raji</forename><surname>Srinivasan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="120" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,303.39,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,313.40,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,323.42,224.04,14.64" xml:id="b131">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Should Firms Spend More on Research and Development and Advertising During Recessions?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lilien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shrihari</forename><surname>Sridhar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.92,334.43,240.00,14.64;23,329.92,344.45,228.00,14.64;23,329.92,354.46,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,364.48,15.75,14.64" xml:id="b132">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing and Firm Value: Metrics, Methods, Findings, and Future Directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shuba</forename><surname>Srinivasan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dominique</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hanssens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="312" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,375.49,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,385.51,228.49,14.64;23,329.91,395.52,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,405.54,20.25,14.64" xml:id="b133">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market-Based Assets and Shareholder Value: A Framework for Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajendra</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Srivastava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tasadduq</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Liam</forename><surname>Shervani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Fahey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="1998-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,416.55,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,426.57,228.49,14.64;23,329.91,436.58,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,446.60,195.83,14.64" xml:id="b134">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transaction Cost Economics and the Roles of National Culture: A Test of Hypotheses Based on Inglehart and Hofstede</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">-</forename><surname>Steenkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Benedict</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="252" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,457.61,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,467.63,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,477.64,44.47,14.64" xml:id="b135">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring the Degree of Internationalization of a Firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Sullivan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="367" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,488.66,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,498.67,227.82,14.64;23,329.91,508.69,151.10,14.64" xml:id="b136">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing Alliances, Firm Networks, and Firm Value Creation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vanitha</forename><surname>Swaminathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="52" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,519.71,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,529.72,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,539.74,150.09,14.64" xml:id="b137">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Path Dependence: Opening the Black Box</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jörg</forename><surname>Sydow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Georg</forename><surname>Schreyögg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jochen</forename><surname>Koch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="689" to="709" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,550.75,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,560.77,145.75,14.64" xml:id="b138">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Value of Quality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerard</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="758" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,571.78,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,581.80,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,591.81,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,601.83,157.28,14.64" xml:id="b139">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ties That Bind: The Impact of Multiple Types of Ties with a Customer on Sales Growth and Sales Volatility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kapil</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tuli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sundar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajay</forename><surname>Bharadwaj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kohli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2010-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,612.84,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,622.86,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,632.87,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b140">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Technological Advances, Transaction Costs, and Consumer Welfare</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rajeev</forename><surname>Tyagi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="335" to="379" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,643.89,240.16,14.64;23,329.91,653.90,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,663.92,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,673.93,28.92,14.64" xml:id="b141">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Value-Based Differentiation in Business Relationships: Gaining and Sustaining Key Supplier Status</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wolfgang</forename><surname>Ulaga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andreas</forename><surname>Eggert</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,317.91,684.95,240.00,14.64;23,329.91,694.96,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,704.98,228.00,14.64;23,329.91,714.99,44.47,14.64" xml:id="b142">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Qualitative Study of Multi-Channel Marketing Performance Measurement Issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valos</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Database Marketing &amp; Customer Strategy Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="287" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,65.60,749.34,127.07,9.06" xml:id="b143">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,321.93,749.34,236.08,9.06" xml:id="b144">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Firm Value Creation Through Major Channel Expansions / 61</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,54.00,36.00,240.00,14.64;24,66.00,46.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,56.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,66.00,29.25,14.64" xml:id="b145">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managing Marketing Channel Multiplicity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerrit</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Van Bruggen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kersi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Antia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Werner</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Florian</forename><surname>Reinartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pallas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Service Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="371" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,54.00,76.00,240.00,14.64;24,66.00,86.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,96.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,106.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,116.00,67.96,14.64" xml:id="b146">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Emergence of Market Structure in New Repeat-Purchase Categories: The Interplay of Market Share and Retailer Distribution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wilfried</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Vanhonacker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bart</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vijay Mahajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bronnenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,54.00,126.00,240.00,14.64;24,66.00,136.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,146.00,223.30,14.64" xml:id="b147">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multichannels Strategy Implementation: The Role of Channel Alignment Capabilities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wallace</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Jean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Umesh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Decision Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="869" to="900" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,54.00,156.00,240.00,14.64;24,66.00,166.00,228.00,14.64;24,66.00,176.00,228.00,14.64" xml:id="b148">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Name-Your-Own-Price Channel in the Travel Industry: An Analytical Exploration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tuo</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Esther</forename><surname>Gal-Or</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rabikar</forename><surname>Chatterjee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="968" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,54.00,186.00,240.00,14.64;24,65.99,196.00,228.00,14.64;24,65.99,206.00,158.09,14.64" xml:id="b149">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Opportunism in Interfirm Relationships: Forms, Outcomes, and Solutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wathne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,53.99,216.00,240.00,14.64;24,65.99,226.00,228.00,14.64;24,65.99,236.00,60.44,14.64" xml:id="b150">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concepts and Suggestions for Robust Regression Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Western</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="786" to="817" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,36.00,240.00,14.64;24,329.99,46.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,56.00,184.33,14.64" xml:id="b151">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Worth of Product Placement in Successful Films: An Event Study Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wiles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anna</forename><surname>Danielova</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,66.00,240.00,14.64;24,329.99,76.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,86.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,96.00,191.06,14.64" xml:id="b152">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dealing with Institutional Distances in International Marketing Channels: Governance Strategies That Engender Legitimacy and Efficiency</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zhilin</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chenting</forename><surname>Su</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kim-Shyan</forename><surname>Fam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2012-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,106.00,240.00,14.64;24,329.99,116.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,126.00,90.34,14.64" xml:id="b153">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Higher Market Valuation of Companies with a Small Board of Directors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Yermack</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="211" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,136.00,240.00,14.64;24,329.99,146.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,156.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,166.00,33.42,14.64" xml:id="b154">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Examination of Selected Marketing Mix Elements and Brand Equity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Boonghee</forename><surname>Yoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Naveen</forename><surname>Donthu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sungho</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="211" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,176.00,240.00,14.64;24,329.99,186.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,196.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,206.00,128.80,14.64" xml:id="b155">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sales Force Effectiveness: A Framework for Researchers and Practitioners</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andris</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Zoltners</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Probhakant</forename><surname>Sinha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sally</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lorimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personal Selling &amp; Sales Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,317.99,216.00,240.49,14.64;24,329.99,226.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,236.00,228.00,14.64;24,329.99,246.00,43.96,14.64" xml:id="b156">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The GMS: A Broad Conceptualization of Global Marketing Strategy and Its Effect on Firm Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shaoming</forename><surname>Zou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S. Tamer</forename><surname>Cavusgil</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="40" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>October</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
