<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Is Paranoia a Defence Against or an Expression of Low Self-esteem?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cicero</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychological Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Missouri</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kerns</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychological Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Missouri</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Is Paranoia a Defence Against or an Expression of Low Self-esteem?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:56+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>implicit measures</term>
					<term>self-concept and self-esteem</term>
					<term>paranoia</term>
					<term>attributional style</term>
					<term>self-competence and self- liking</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Paranoia has been hypothesized to be negatively correlated with self-esteem. However, hypotheses differ about how low self-esteem might produce paranoia. The paranoia as defense model views paranoia as a defensive reaction against low self-esteem. In contrast, the paranoia as expression model views paranoia in part as a reflection of low self-esteem. In the current study, paranoia was negatively associated with global explicit self-esteem, selfcompetence, self-liking and self-serving attributional style, but unassociated with implicit self-esteem as measured with the Implicit Association Test. In contrast, facets of narcissism, which also have been hypothesized to be associated with defensive self-processing, were associated with defensiveness. Overall, these results suggest that paranoia is better represented by the expression model.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Paranoia is the tendency to be inappropriately suspicious of other people's motives and behaviours directed towards oneself <ref type="bibr" coords="1,76.25,411.96,123.55,8.76" target="#b29">(Fenigstein &amp; Vanable, 1992)</ref>, and paranoia is a feature of several disorders (e.g. schizophrenia, paranoid personality disorder, schizotypal personality disorder; American Psychiatric <ref type="bibr" coords="1,138.33,447.85,77.06,8.76" target="#b1">Association, 2000)</ref>. A number of psychopathologists have hypothesized that paranoia is associated with biases or errors in self-relevant information processing (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,118.03,483.68,109.86,8.76" target="#b5">Bentall &amp; Kaney, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,235.44,483.68,48.01,8.76;1,42.52,495.64,144.50,8.76" target="#b9">Blackwood, Howard, Bentall, &amp; Murray, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,191.11,495.64,92.31,8.76;1,42.52,507.60,46.11,8.76" target="#b28">Fenigstein, Scheier, &amp; Buss, 1975)</ref>. However, previous research has suggested two different theories about how paranoia is related to selfprocessing. The current research examines whether paranoia is better represented by the 'defence' or 'expression' models of paranoia. Additionally, the current research examines whether paranoia exhibited different associations with selfprocessing than does narcissism, another trait that like paranoia has been posited to be associated with defensive self-processing.</p><p>It has been previously suggested that paranoia might be associated with multiple aspects of self-processing, in particular self-esteem and attributional style. Self-esteem is thought to involve both explicit and implicit components (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,62.31,663.00,107.90,8.76" target="#b35">Greenwald &amp; Banaji, 1995)</ref>. Explicit self-esteem can be defined broadly as how a person feels about themselves <ref type="bibr" coords="1,42.52,686.92,58.35,8.76" target="#b47">(Kernis, 2003)</ref>, while implicit self-esteem refers to automatic, over learned and non-conscious evaluations of the self that guide spontaneous reactions to self-relevant stimuli <ref type="bibr" coords="1,306.14,364.17,153.51,8.76" target="#b11">(Bosson, Swann, &amp; Pennebaker, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,462.05,364.17,84.96,8.76;1,306.14,376.13,21.44,8.76" target="#b35">Greenwald &amp; Banaji, 1995)</ref>. Attributional style refers to individual differences in causal attributions for life events <ref type="bibr" coords="1,448.16,388.09,99.02,8.76;1,306.14,400.06,203.48,8.76" target="#b62">(Peterson, Semmel, von Baeyer, Abramson, Metalsky, &amp; Seligman, 1982)</ref>. A selfserving attributional style is the tendency to view good events as due to internal factors (e.g. a salary increase to hard work) and bad events to external factors (e.g. job loss due to a bad economy). In theorizing about how paranoia might be associated with self-processing, a number of researchers have hypothesized that paranoia is associated with selfesteem. However, researchers have offered at least two different hypotheses about how varying levels of self-esteem might be involved in producing paranoia. One hypothesis about the relation between paranoia and self-esteem has been labelled the 'paranoia as defence model' by <ref type="bibr" coords="1,500.48,531.58,46.56,8.76;1,306.14,543.49,61.82,8.76" target="#b34">Garety and Freeman (1999)</ref>. We will refer to the second hypothesis about the relation between paranoia and self-esteem as the 'paranoia as expression model'. The current research examined whether associations between paranoia and selfprocessing (i.e. self-esteem and self-serving attributional style) were consistent with the predictions of either of these two models.</p><p>According to the paranoia as defence model, paranoia involves a defensive reaction to maintain higher explicit selfesteem in the face of lower implicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="1,512.27,651.09,34.73,8.76;1,306.14,663.05,94.24,8.76" target="#b7">(Bentall, Kaney, &amp; Dewey, 1991)</ref>. From this view, paranoia should be associated with a discrepancy between implicit (lower) and explicit (higher) self-esteem. Furthermore, this model posits that people with paranoia should have an exaggerated selfserving attributional style (i.e. viewing good events as due to internal factors and bad events as due to external factors) as a mechanism for keeping negative self-representations out of conscious thought <ref type="bibr" coords="1,385.17,746.73,157.56,8.76" target="#b8">(Bentall, Kinderman, &amp; Kaney, 1994)</ref>. Therefore, according to the paranoia as defence model, paranoia should be associated with a discrepancy between lower implicit self-esteem and higher explicit self-esteem and with an exaggerated self-serving attributional style. The paranoia as defence model has a long history in the psychological literature. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,204.43,113.19,52.81,8.76" target="#b33">Freud (1911)</ref> posited that persecutory delusions serve a defensive function. More recent theorists have suggested that people with persecutory delusions are more sensitive to perceived threats to the self <ref type="bibr" coords="2,48.19,161.04,161.35,8.76" target="#b23">(Colby, Faught, &amp; Parkinson, 1979)</ref> or that paranoid schizophrenia is a type of camouflaged depression <ref type="bibr" coords="2,261.24,173.00,27.86,8.76;2,48.19,184.91,61.13,8.76" target="#b77">(Zigler &amp; Glick, 1988)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,117.24,184.91,53.17,8.76">Bentall et al.</ref> were the first to adapt these ideas to cognitive models of paranoia <ref type="bibr" coords="2,210.39,196.87,78.71,8.76;2,48.19,208.83,178.69,8.76" target="#b3">(Bentall, Corcoran, Howard, Blackwood, &amp; Kinderman, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,231.48,208.83,57.64,8.76;2,48.19,220.80,22.72,8.76" target="#b7">Bentall et al., 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> however, note that their most recent model does not make specific predictions about levels of self-esteem).</p><p>In contrast to the paranoia as defence model, the second hypothesis about the relation between paranoia and selfesteem, the 'paranoia as expression model', views paranoia as a direct reflection of low self-esteem, whether measured implicitly or explicitly (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,164.13,292.51,103.70,8.76" target="#b34">Garety &amp; Freeman, 1999)</ref>. For example, paranoid thoughts are largely negative in nature. These negative paranoid thoughts (e.g. others are out to get me) might be a reflection of negative views about oneself (e.g. I am a bad and weak person). Similarly, previous research has found a moderate association between selfesteem and self-serving attributional bias, such that participants with low self-esteem also have a decreased self-serving attributional bias <ref type="bibr" coords="2,171.33,388.15,117.76,8.76;2,48.19,400.11,71.93,8.76" target="#b57">(Metalsky, Joiner, Hardin, &amp; Abramson, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,125.29,400.11,159.49,8.76" target="#b73">Tennen, Herzberger, &amp; Nelson, 1987)</ref>. Hence, if self-esteem is moderately associated with a selfserving bias, then the paranoia as expression model predicts that, if anything, paranoia also might be moderately negatively associated with self-serving bias. Therefore, according to the paranoia as expression model, paranoia should be negatively associated with implicit and explicit self-esteem. Moreover, to the extent that self-esteem is associated with self-serving bias, paranoia also should be negatively associated with self-serving attributional style. Hence, the paranoia as defence and expression models make different predictions about the relation between paranoia and attributional style. However, the paranoia as expression model suggests that paranoia should be negatively associated with both implicit and explicit self-esteem, while the paranoia as defence model suggests that paranoia should be associated with a discrepancy between higher explicit self-esteem and lower implicit self-esteem. The current research examined whether associations between paranoia and self-processing were consistent with either the paranoia as defence or paranoia as expression models.</p><p>As mentioned, the paranoia as expression model predicts that paranoia should be negatively associated with implicit self-esteem and the paranoia as defence model predicts that paranoia should be negatively associated with implicit selfesteem in people with high explicit self-esteem. In previous research, there is some evidence that paranoia might be negatively correlated with implicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="2,104.71,734.88,138.91,8.76" target="#b67">Smith, Freeman, &amp; Kuipers, 2005)</ref>. However, one potential criticism of these studies is that they did not use a validated measure of implicit self-esteem. At the same time, most putative measures of implicit self-esteem have extremely poor reliability and validity. In contrast, the Implicit Association Test (IAT; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,451.67,89.27,101.00,8.76;2,311.81,101.23,22.72,8.76" target="#b36">Greenwald &amp; Farnham, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,339.14,101.23,172.23,8.76" target="#b37">Greenwald, McGhee, &amp; Schwartz, 1998)</ref> has been found to be the most reliable and valid measure of implicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="2,361.36,125.15,85.34,8.76" target="#b11">(Bosson et al., 2000)</ref>. In the current study we examined whether paranoia was associated with low implicit self-esteem using the IAT.</p><p>Although the paranoia as defence and the paranoia as expression models make similar predictions for implicit selfesteem, they make different predictions about the relation between paranoia and explicit self-esteem and between paranoia and attributional style. Previous research on the relation between paranoia and explicit self-esteem and attributional style has arguably produced mixed results . For example, some studies have reported associations between paranoia and increased selfserving bias <ref type="bibr" coords="2,364.02,268.64,113.38,8.76" target="#b18">(Candido &amp; Romney, 1990;</ref>, whereas a number of other studies have not <ref type="bibr" coords="2,311.81,292.51,154.83,8.76" target="#b41">(Humphreys &amp; Barrowclough, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,471.63,292.51,81.06,8.76" target="#b43">Jolley et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,311.81,304.47,85.85,8.76" target="#b55">Martin &amp; Penn, 2002)</ref>. However, studies that have supported the paranoia as defence view (e.g. paranoia and increased self-serving bias) have compared a paranoid group to a depressed control group, which might be a problematic comparison group because depression itself is negatively correlated with explicit self-esteem and self-serving bias <ref type="bibr" coords="2,311.81,376.19,111.45,8.76" target="#b18">(Candido &amp; Romney, 1990;</ref>. At the same time, research supporting the paranoia as expression model (e.g. paranoia and decreased self-esteem) has been criticized due to possible methodological weaknesses of measures of explicit self-esteem and attributional style . Therefore, from this view, results supporting the expression rather than defence model could be due to problems in the measurement of self-processing. One way to attempt to deal with this methodological issue is to examine another personality trait conjectured to be associated with defensive self-processing in addition to paranoia. If this other personality trait, but not paranoia, was found to be associated with defensive processing, then it would seem less likely that the lack of association between paranoia and defensive self-processing can be entirely accounted for by poor measurement of self-processing.</p><p>Another personality trait hypothesized to be associated with defensive self-processing is narcissism <ref type="bibr" coords="2,508.42,579.43,44.29,8.76;2,311.81,591.39,57.31,8.76" target="#b12">(Brown &amp; Bosson, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,371.90,591.39,180.80,8.76;2,311.81,603.35,54.21,8.76" target="#b44">Jordan, Spencer, Zanna, Hoshino-Browne, &amp; Correll, 2003)</ref>. For example, previous research has found that narcissism is associated with a discrepancy between explicit and implicit self-esteem or is associated with high explicit self-esteem but unassociated with implicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="2,311.81,651.20,223.55,8.76" target="#b15">(Campbell, Bosson, Goheen, Lakey, &amp; Kernis, 2007)</ref>. In addition, narcissism also has been found to be associated with an exaggerated self-serving attributional style <ref type="bibr" coords="2,311.81,687.03,240.89,8.76;2,311.81,698.99,21.44,8.76" target="#b56">(McAllister, Baker, Mannes, Stewart, &amp; Sutherland, 2002)</ref>. Therefore, both paranoia and narcissism have been hypothesized to involve a defence against low self-esteem. In the current research, we examined whether paranoia and narcissism exhibited differential relations between selfesteem and attributional style. Finding associations between defensive self-processing and narcissism would make it less likely that a lack of associations between paranoia and defensive self-processing can be entirely accounted for by methodological problems in measuring self-processing.</p><p>In addition to discrepancies in implicit/explicit selfesteem and attributional style, one unexplored way paranoia and/or narcissism could be associated with defensiveness is paradoxical self-esteem. Some research has suggested that explicit self-esteem may be comprised of two distinct but correlated factors, self-liking and self-competence <ref type="bibr" coords="3,246.33,161.04,37.03,8.76;3,42.52,173.00,59.88,8.76" target="#b70">(Tafarodi &amp; Milne, 2002)</ref>. Self-liking refers to an individual's attitudes about the self as a causal agent and is related to self-efficacy. Self-liking and self-competence have been found to be distinct attitudes about the self, with self-liking associated with social or communal related attitudes, and selfcompetence more associated with achievement related attitudes <ref type="bibr" coords="3,78.86,244.72,99.74,8.76" target="#b70">(Tafarodi &amp; Milne, 2002)</ref>. Moreover, a discrepancy in self-esteem types (e.g. low self-liking, high selfcompetence) has been referred to as paradoxical self-esteem. Paradoxical self-esteem is associated with an increased tendency to remember words related to negative personality traits when participants believed these words described themselves <ref type="bibr" coords="3,91.27,316.44,134.59,8.76" target="#b72">(Tafarodi, Tam, &amp; Milne, 2001)</ref> and with the interpretation of ambiguous statements as having a negative social context when led to believe the statements were about the participant <ref type="bibr" coords="3,108.85,352.32,66.57,8.76" target="#b69">(Tafarodi, 1998)</ref>. Thus, paradoxical selfesteem may reflect a high level of defensive self-processing, as people try to compensate for low levels of self-liking with inflated feelings of self-competence. If paranoia is better represented by the defence model, then it may be associated with paradoxical self-esteem. On the other hand, if paranoia is better represented by the expression model, then paranoia may be negatively associated with both self-liking and selfcompetence.</p><p>The current research examines whether paranoia is more consistent with the defence or expression models in several ways. First, it examines whether paranoia is associated with a discrepancy between implicit and explicit self-esteem. Second, it examines whether paranoia is associated with a self-serving attributional style. Third, the current research examines whether paranoia is associated with paradoxical self-esteem. Finally, the current research examines whether narcissism, which also has been hypothesized to be associated with defensive self-processing, is associated with these variables. If narcissism is associated with defensive self-processing, but paranoia is not, then this would provide further evidence of an actual absence of an effect between paranoia and defensive self-processing.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHOD Participants</head><p>Participants (n ¼ 186) were native English-speaking undergraduate college students at a large Midwestern public university who completed the study as partial completion of a course requirement and took part in a larger study. Participants ranged from 18 to 42 years old, with an average age of 18.90 (SD ¼ 2.21). Participants were 59% female, 91.4% White, 5.8% African-American, 1.4% Asian-American and 1.4% other.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Paranoia</head><p>Four measures of paranoia were administered in the current research. The Paranoid Personality Disorders Features Questionnaire (PPDFQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,406.43,161.10,84.84,8.76" target="#b76">Useda &amp; Trull, 2004</ref>; M ¼ 29.83, SD ¼ 12.54, a ¼ 0.88) is a 23-item questionnaire (e.g. I am careful about the way I act around other people because they may take advantage of me) on which participants rate statements on a scale from 0 (strongly disagree) to 4 (strongly agree). The PPDFQ has been found to be highly correlated with other measures of paranoia (r ¼ .78; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,455.30,232.81,83.97,8.76" target="#b76">Useda &amp; Trull, 2004)</ref>.</p><p>The Paranoia and Suspiciousness Questionnaire (PSQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.14,256.74,125.61,8.76" target="#b65">Rawlings &amp; Freeman, 1996</ref>; M ¼ 14.64, SD ¼ 8.27; a ¼ 0.89) is a 47-item yes-no questionnaire that measures paranoia in non-clinical samples (e.g. 'Would you have been more successful if others around you had not put difficulties in your way?). The PSQ was developed from several wellvalidated paranoia scales <ref type="bibr" coords="3,408.19,316.49,83.73,8.76" target="#b14">(Buss &amp; Perry, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,494.30,316.49,52.78,8.76;3,306.14,328.45,74.71,8.76" target="#b19">Cattell, Eber, &amp; Tatsuoka, 1970;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.76,328.45,109.35,8.76" target="#b27">Eysenck &amp; Eysenck, 1975;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,496.01,328.45,51.04,8.76;3,306.14,340.41,68.36,8.76" target="#b39">Hathaway &amp; McKinley, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,377.86,340.41,103.25,8.76" target="#b40">Hewitt &amp; Claridge, 1989)</ref>.</p><p>Another measure of paranoia was the 8-item Suspiciousness Subscale from the Schizotypal Personality Questionnaire (SPQ-S; Raine, 1991 e.g. 'Do you sometimes get concerned that friends or coworkers are not really loyal or trustworthy?' M ¼ 1.82, SD ¼ 1.81; a ¼ 0.72) Overall, the full Schizotypal Personality Questionnaire (SPQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,521.18,412.13,25.89,8.76;3,306.14,424.09,18.59,8.76" target="#b63">Raine, 1991</ref>) is a 74-item yes-no questionnaire designed to measure DSM-III-R schizotypal personality disorder. The SPQ has been frequently used in studies examining the factor structure of schizotypy traits (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,454.96,459.98,87.77,8.76" target="#b68">Stefanis et al., 2004)</ref>. The paranoia subscale has been found to be highly correlated with other paranoia scales and to form a distinct factor along with other paranoia measures <ref type="bibr" coords="3,429.56,495.81,95.31,8.76" target="#b22">(Cicero &amp; Kerns, 2010)</ref>.</p><p>A fourth paranoia measure was the Suspiciousness Subscale of the Dimensional Assessment of Personality Pathology-Basic Questionnaire (DAPP-BQ-S; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,500.26,531.69,46.78,8.76;3,306.14,543.65,59.45,8.76" target="#b52">Livesley &amp; Jackson, 2002</ref>; M ¼ 3.54, SD ¼ 2.05; a ¼ 0.90). The DAPP-BQ-S includes 14 items (e.g. When people do something nice for me, I wonder what their real motives are) on a scale from 1 (very unlike me) to 5 (very like me), and has been found to be highly correlated with paranoid personality disorder symptoms (r ¼ .67; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,426.22,603.41,87.04,8.76" target="#b2">Bagge &amp; Trull, 2003)</ref>.</p><p>All four paranoia measures were highly correlated with each other (rs range from 0.52 to 0.76). To test whether it made sense to compute a composite paranoia score, we tested whether a confirmatory factor analysis model fit the data well when all four paranoia scales loaded on a single factor. This model fit the data well (x 2 ¼ 2.35, p ¼ 0.13, CFI ¼ 0.99, RMSEA ¼ 0.07, SRMR ¼ .01). Thus, the four measures of paranoia were converted into z-scores, and the mean z-score of the four measures was used as a composite paranoia score.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Narcissism</head><p>The Narcissistic Personality Inventory (NPI; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,484.05,747.02,63.04,8.76;3,306.15,758.98,18.59,8.76" target="#b64">Raskin &amp; Terry, 1988</ref>) is a 40-item questionnaire (e.g. If I ruled the world it would be a much better place) that is commonly used scale to measure narcissism. The NPI has been found to be related to narcissistic behaviour, clinician ratings of narcissism and two characteristics thought to be associated with narcissism: dominance and sociability <ref type="bibr" coords="4,161.18,113.19,96.62,8.76" target="#b64">(Raskin &amp; Terry, 1988)</ref>. Some previous research has found that the NPI is multidimensional (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,68.54,137.12,149.61,8.76" target="#b25">Corry, Merritt, Mrug, &amp; Pamp, 2008)</ref> and composed of at least two factors including grandiosity and entitlement <ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.19,161.04,165.92,8.76" target="#b13">(Brown, Budzek, &amp; Tamborski., 2009</ref>). An item-level analysis of the NPI using confirmatory factor analysis compared the fit of 2-, 3-, 4-and 7-factor models that have been suggested in the literature <ref type="bibr" coords="4,198.37,196.87,90.71,8.76" target="#b25">(Corry et al., 2008)</ref> concluded that a 2-factor model composed of Exhibitionism/Entitlement and Leadership/Authority provided the best and most parsimonious fit to the data. Thus, in the current research, subscale scores were calculated for these two factors. As can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="4,151.77,256.68,28.17,8.76" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>, these two subscales of the NPI were highly correlated with each other and had highinternal reliability.</p><p>Explicit self-esteem Global explicit self-esteem was measured with the Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale (RSES; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,190.60,329.19,72.58,8.76" target="#b66">Rosenberg, 1965)</ref>. The RSES includes 10-items on a Likert scale ranging from 1 (strongly agree) to 4 (strongly disagree; e.g. 'I feel that I am a person of worth, at least on an equal plane with others'). Overall, the RSES may be the most commonly used measure of explicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="4,144.57,388.95,144.54,8.76;4,48.19,400.91,21.44,8.76" target="#b51">(Leary, Tambor, Terdal, &amp; Downs, 1995)</ref>. It has been shown to have high-internal consistency and test-retest reliability <ref type="bibr" coords="4,149.04,412.87,73.93,8.76" target="#b66">(Rosenberg, 1965)</ref> and to be highly associated with other measures of explicit self-esteem (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.19,436.79,53.00,8.76" target="#b26">Demo, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,104.54,436.79,102.63,8.76" target="#b71">Tafarodi &amp; Swann, 1995)</ref>.</p><p>The Self-Liking/Self-Competence Scale (SLCS; Tafarodi &amp; Swann, 1995) was used to measure self-liking and selfcompetence domains of explicit self-esteem. The SLCS is a 20-item questionnaire on which participants rate their agreement from 1 (strongly disagree) to 4 (strongly agree). The scale contains two 10-item subscales measuring self-liking (e.g. I'm secure in my sense of self-worth) and selfcompetence (e.g. I perform well at a number of things). Previous research has found that the SCSL is highly correlated with other measures of self-esteem and to have high internal and test-retest reliability <ref type="bibr" coords="4,471.40,113.19,81.34,8.76;4,311.81,125.15,21.44,8.76" target="#b71">(Tafarodi &amp; Swann, 1995)</ref>. Implicit self-esteem Implicit self-esteem was measured with the self-esteem Implicit Association Test (IAT; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,448.61,173.34,99.79,8.76" target="#b37">Greenwald et al., 1998)</ref>. Scores were calculated using the improved scoring algorithm <ref type="bibr" coords="4,311.81,197.27,150.02,8.76" target="#b38">(Greenwald, Nosek, &amp; Banaji, 2003)</ref>. Trials with response times greater than 10 seconds were removed. Mean latencies were calculated for each individual block of each individual participant and pooled standard deviations for blocks 3 and 6, and 4 and 7 were calculated. Errors were replaced with the participant's mean of correct trials for that block, plus 600 milliseconds. Difference scores for blocks 6 and 3, and blocks 7 and 4 were then calculated and divided by the appropriate pooled standard deviations. Finally, an average of these two scores was calculated and this served as the final IAT score for each participant. Seven participants were excluded for either failing to follow instructions or for having more than 10% errors. All results in the current research are based on the improved scoring algorithm (although, results are virtually identical if the conventional algorithm is employed).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Attributional style</head><p>The Attributional Style Questionnaire (ASQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,493.96,412.87,58.78,8.76;4,311.81,424.83,23.24,8.76" target="#b62">Peterson et al., 1982)</ref> was designed to measure causal attributions for positive and negative events. On the ASQ, participants are presented with 12 hypothetical events and asked to first imagine the situation happening to them and then decide what the one major cause of the situation would be, and finally answer four questions about the cause (internality, stability, globality and importance). Participants rated the cause on internality from 1 (totally due to other people or Paranoia is the mean of the four paranoia scales, narcissism is the Narcissistic Personality Inventory, self-liking and self-competence were measured with the Self-Liking and Self-Competence Scale, ASQ is the Attributional Style Questionnaire. Note that the mean of the paranoia score is zero because it is a mean of zscores. Numbers on the diagonal are Cronbach's a internal reliabilities. Ã p &lt; .01. circumstances) to 7 (totally due to me). The self-serving bias score was calculated by subtracting the score for the internality of bad events from the score of internality for good events. Scores on the ASQ have been shown to be correlated with attributions given for actual events (e.g. poor performance on a laboratory task; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,184.31,125.16,85.39,8.76" target="#b62">Peterson et al., 1982)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>Participants first completed the Self-Esteem Implicit Association Test. Participants completed the IAT first because some research suggests that completing explicit measures of self-esteem before the IAT may influence IAT performance, but we are not aware of any research suggesting that completing the IAT first could influence explicit self-esteem ratings <ref type="bibr" coords="5,153.81,249.43,81.99,8.76" target="#b11">(Bosson et al., 2000)</ref>. Then they completed the Schizotypal Personality Questionnaire Suspiciousness Subscale and the Paranoia and Suspiciousness Questionnaire randomly mixed together. Then participants completed the Attributional Style Questionnaire, Paranoid Personality Disorder Features Questionnaire, DAPP-BQ Suspiciousness subscale and the Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale. Participants then completed the Self-Liking/Self Competence Scale. Participants completed the study in one occasion in an isolated room, with the entire study taking approximately 90 minutes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Paranoia and self-esteem</head><p>As can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="5,112.48,441.50,27.83,8.76" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>, paranoia was negatively correlated with global self-esteem, self-liking and self-competence, but not significantly correlated with implicit self-esteem. With the exception of implicit self-esteem, this is largely consistent with the paranoia as expression model, given that paranoia is associated with negative self-evaluations.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Paranoia and implicit/explicit self-esteem discrepancies</head><p>To examine whether paranoia was associated with a discrepancy between implicit and explicit self-esteem, we tested whether there was a significant interaction between implicit and explicit self-esteem predicting paranoia. To test this interaction, implicit and explicit self-esteem scores were centred around their means and entered as step one of a hierarchical linear regression predicting the composite paranoia score. The product of the implicit and explicit self-esteem scores was entered in step two of the analysis. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="5,387.50,149.08,92.55,8.76" target="#b0">Aiken and West (1991)</ref>, to interpret the interaction, scores were calculated for þ1 and À1 standard deviations from the mean for both implicit and explicit selfesteem. There was not a significant interaction between implicit and explicit self-esteem to predict paranoia, t(182) ¼ 0.23, p ¼ .82. These results are more consistent with the paranoia as expression model than the paranoia as defence model because paranoia was not associated with a discrepancy between implicit and explicit self-esteem, but was negatively correlated with explicit self-esteem.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Paranoia and attributional style</head><p>As can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="5,376.10,307.14,27.83,8.76" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>, paranoia was negatively correlated with self-serving attributional bias. This is consistent with the paranoia as expression model which predicts that paranoia would be either unassociated with a self-serving bias or would be negatively associated with self-serving attributional bias possibly due to self-esteem being negatively correlated with paranoia.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Paranoia and paradoxical self-esteem</head><p>To test whether paranoia was associated with paradoxical self-esteem, we tested whether there was an interaction between self-liking and self-competence in predicting paranoia. Following the same format as the implicit/explicit self-esteem interaction, mean centred self-liking and selfcompetence scores were entered in step 1 of a hierarchical linear regression and the product of self-liking and selfcompetence was entered in step 2. As can be seen in <ref type="figure" coords="5,511.59,513.04,31.74,8.76" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>, there was not a significant interaction between self-liking and self-competence to predict paranoia, t(182) ¼ À1.02, p ¼ .30. Paranoia tended to be associated with decreased self-liking, regardless of the levels of self-competence. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Narcissism and self-esteem</head><p>In contrast to the results for paranoia, narcissism was positively correlated with self-liking, self-competence and global self-esteem (see <ref type="table" coords="6,141.79,322.28,28.53,8.76" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>) for both narcissism facets as well as the NPI total score (rs with total NPI score are .37, .43, .40, respectively). However, narcissism was not significantly associated with implicit self-esteem.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Narcissism and discrepancies between implicit/explicit self-esteem</head><p>To test whether there was an interaction between implicit and explicit self-esteem in predicting narcissism, mean-centred implicit self-esteem and explicit self-esteem and an interaction term were regressed on NPI factor scores. There was not a significant interaction predicting NPI leadership/ authority, t(182) ¼ 1.61, p ¼ .11, NPI Exhibitionism/entitlement, t(182) ¼ 0.34, p ¼ .74 or NPI total scale score, t (182) ¼ 0.97, p ¼ .33.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Narcissism and attributional style</head><p>In contrast to the results for paranoia, the leadership/ authority facet of narcissism was associated with an increased self-serving attributional style. The NPI total score was also significantly associated with self-serving bias (r ¼ 0.23, p &lt; .001). This is consistent with the narcissism as defence model which suggests that individuals with high narcissism are more likely than others to view negative events as having external causes and positive events as having internal causes. However, this also may be consistent with the expression model if the self-serving bias is an expression of high self-esteem.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Narcissism and paradoxical self-esteem</head><p>To test whether there was an interaction between self-liking and self-competence in predicting narcissism, self-liking, self-competence and the interaction term were regressed on narcissism. There was a significant interaction between self-liking and self-competence predicting NPI total score, t(182) ¼ 2.27, p &lt; .01. This interaction was also significant in predicting NPI leadership/authority scores t(182) ¼ 2.73, p &lt; .01, but not for NPI exhibitionism/entitlement scores t(182) ¼ 1.52, p ¼ .13. As can be seen in <ref type="figure" coords="6,512.39,328.23,36.62,8.76">Figure 2</ref>, participants with high self-competence, but low self-liking had the highest levels of total narcissism. These results are consistent with the narcissism as defence model in which narcissism may arise as a defence against low self-liking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>The current research suggests that paranoia is better represented by the paranoia as expression model than the paranoia as defence model. Paranoia seems to be a direct expression of low explicit self-esteem or maladaptive selfrelevant information processing, rather than a defence against maladaptive self-processing. This was evident in that paranoia was negatively associated with global selfesteem, self-liking, self-competence and self-serving attributional style. Participants with low levels of self-liking tended to have high levels of paranoia regardless of their levels of self-competence, which was evidenced by the lack of a significant interaction between self-liking and selfcompetence in predicting paranoia. However, paranoia was not negatively associated with implicit self-esteem, which is predicted by the paranoia as expression model. The finding that narcissism was associated with defensive self-processing suggests that the lack of an observed relation between paranoia and defensiveness reflects an actual absence of an effect rather than a type 1 error.</p><p>The paranoia as defence and expression models make different predictions about paranoia's relation with explicit self-esteem and attributional style. In the current study, consistent with the paranoia as expression model, paranoia was negatively correlated with explicit self-esteem. This also is consistent with a number of other studies that also have found that paranoia is negatively associated with explicit self-esteem (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,385.62,747.02,96.88,8.76" target="#b24">Combs &amp; Penn, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,487.78,747.02,64.96,8.76;6,311.81,758.98,21.44,8.76" target="#b32">Freeman et al., 1998)</ref>. Hence, it appears that when comparing people with <ref type="figure" coords="6,48.19,235.95,26.40,7.01">Figure 2</ref>. Interaction between self-liking and self-competence predicting total Narcissistic Personality Inventory scores graphed at þ1 and À1 standard deviations from the mean. paranoia versus a relatively normal control group (and not comparing them to a depressed control group; <ref type="bibr" coords="7,238.00,77.36,45.42,8.76;7,42.52,89.27,61.56,8.76" target="#b18">Candido &amp; Romney, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,107.26,89.27,124.34,8.76" target="#b54">Lyon, Kaney, &amp; Bentall, 1994)</ref>, paranoia is negatively correlated with explicit self-esteem.</p><p>The current research did not find an interaction between implicit and explicit self-esteem in predicting paranoia or narcissism. This is consistent with some previous research that also has not found this hypothesized interaction for narcissism <ref type="bibr" coords="7,87.19,161.04,92.58,8.76" target="#b15">(Campbell et al., 2007)</ref> and for paranoia <ref type="bibr" coords="7,250.41,161.04,32.98,8.76;7,42.52,173.00,122.67,8.76" target="#b60">(Moritz, Werner, &amp; von Collani, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,168.66,173.00,75.19,8.76" target="#b67">Smith et al., 2005)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,251.66,173.00,31.74,8.76;7,42.52,184.91,240.86,8.76" target="#b10">Bosson, Lakey, Campbell, Zeigler-Hill, Jordan, and Kernis (2008)</ref> also reported that several unpublished data sets have failed to find an interaction between implicit and explicit self-esteem in predicting narcissism. However, one possibility is that narcissism and paranoia are not associated with global implicit self-esteem, but are only associated with agenic, or self-competence, implicit attitudes <ref type="bibr" coords="7,185.89,256.68,93.22,8.76" target="#b15">(Campbell et al., 2007)</ref>. Thus, future research could examine whether there are interactions between agenic implicit self-attitudes and explicit self-competence, such that people with narcissism have high explicit self-competence and low implicit agenic self-esteem.</p><p>At the same time, consistent with the paranoia as expression but not the paranoia as defence model, paranoia was negatively associated with self-serving attributional style. From the paranoia as expression view, paranoia should be negatively associated with self-serving bias to the extent that self-esteem is negatively associated with self-serving bias. Consistent with previous research <ref type="bibr" coords="7,199.10,400.11,80.01,8.76" target="#b73">(Tennen et al., 1987)</ref>, in this study explicit self-esteem had a moderate negative association with self-serving bias. As predicted by the paranoia as expression model, paranoia also had a significant zero-order negative association with self-serving bias. Critically, paranoia and narcissism were not significantly associated with each other. The finding that narcissism was positively associated with a self-serving attributional bias, but paranoia was negatively associated with a self-serving bias suggests that narcissism may serve a defensive function and paranoia may not.</p><p>In addition to implications for paranoia and narcissism, the current research suggests several issues for future research. The results for paranoia are largely consistent with the Threat Anticipation Cognitive Model of Persecutory Delusions <ref type="bibr" coords="7,85.27,579.43,65.10,8.76" target="#b30">(Freeman, 2007)</ref>. This model posits that negative self-relevant information processing (e.g. low self-esteem, decreased self-serving attributional style) contributes to the formation of paranoid ideation along with other factors about the way a person interacts with the world including personality characteristics and anomalous perceptual experiences. The current research identifies several self-processing variables that could contribute to the development of paranoia. Future research could examine whether there is an interaction between these variables and self-processing variables that are thought to be associated with paranoia or delusion-like beliefs including aberrant salience and anomalous perceptual experiences. For example, the Threat Anticipation Cognitive Model of Persecutory Delusions suggests that anomalous perceptual experiences may interact with self-esteem to predict paranoia such that participants with high levels of anomalous experience, but low levels of self-esteem may have the highest levels of paranoia <ref type="bibr" coords="7,514.54,77.36,32.45,8.76;7,306.14,89.27,236.69,8.76;7,306.14,101.23,29.96,8.76">(Cicero, Becker, Martin, Docherty, &amp; Kerns, manuscript in preparation)</ref>. Moreover, recent research has found that aberrant salience may be a driving mechanism behind anomalous experiences and psychotic-like experiences (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,519.93,125.15,27.15,8.76;7,306.14,137.11,21.44,8.76" target="#b46">Kapur, 2003)</ref>. Future research could examine whether aberrant salience interacts with self-processing variables to predict paranoia and psychotic-like experiences.</p><p>In addition to being consistent with several models of paranoia, the finding that paranoia is negatively associated with explicit self-esteem is consistent with basic models of self-esteem functioning. For example, the Sociometer Theory posits that an individual's level of self-esteem is dependent on his or her perception of how others evaluate him or her <ref type="bibr" coords="7,352.63,244.72,77.57,8.76" target="#b51">(Leary et al., 1995)</ref>. Several studies have found that people who think others think of them in a negative light are more likely to have low self-esteem and that experimentally manipulating perceptions of acceptance can cause a decrease in self-esteem (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,489.60,292.51,57.42,8.76;7,306.14,304.47,121.48,8.76" target="#b50">Leary, Haupt, Strausser, &amp; Chokel, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,434.60,304.47,112.43,8.76;7,306.14,316.43,64.81,8.76" target="#b61">Murray, Griffin, Rose, &amp; Bellavia, 2003)</ref>. Since paranoia is associated with a heightened suspicion of other people's motives, it is likely that people with paranoia believe others have negative opinions of them and do not accept them. Thus, paranoia being an expression of low self-esteem is consistent with the Sociometer Theory of self-esteem. Moreover, paranoia may be a rational or logical response to these feelings of nonacceptance and perceptions of negative feelings in others. In this sense, paranoia may be an adaptive mechanism among people with low self-esteem. In addition to testing whether self-processing interacts with other variables to predict paranoia, future research could examine whether decreased self-esteem actually plays a causal role in producing paranoia. Potentially, decreased self-esteem could cause someone to think that other people are more likely to treat him or her poorly. Conversely, decreased self-esteem could be a by-product of the psychological distress associated with paranoia. One way to potentially examine this in future research is to examine whether threats to self-esteem cause an increase in paranoid behaviours and judgments. It is important to note that previous research has been able to successfully cause an experimental increase in paranoia <ref type="bibr" coords="7,450.82,579.43,96.19,8.76;7,306.14,591.39,21.44,8.76" target="#b29">(Fenigstein &amp; Vanable, 1992)</ref>. In an initial study, we have found some evidence that a threat to self-esteem can cause an increase in paranoid behaviour and evaluations of others in the lab <ref type="bibr" coords="7,504.96,615.31,42.08,8.76;7,306.14,627.28,51.78,8.76" target="#b21">(Cicero &amp; Kerns, 2007)</ref>. At the same time, examining whether selfprocessing manipulations cause an increase in paranoia also might be a way to examine specific associations between paranoia and self-processing without the confounds of correlational research <ref type="bibr" coords="7,396.91,675.07,108.47,8.76" target="#b59">(Miller &amp; Chapman, 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Although the current research did not find evidence that paranoia was associated with defensive self-processing, future research could examine other ways in which paranoia could be associated with defensive self-processing. For example, some previous research suggests that paranoia may be associated with discrepancies in actual vs. ideal self <ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.14,758.75,119.67,8.76" target="#b49">(Kinderman &amp; Bentall, 1996b</ref>), a personalizing rather than self-serving attributional bias <ref type="bibr" coords="8,167.07,65.40,121.97,8.76" target="#b48">(Kinderman &amp; Bentall, 1996a)</ref> and self-esteem instability <ref type="bibr" coords="8,162.37,77.36,126.76,8.76;8,48.19,89.27,134.03,8.76" target="#b74">(Thewissen, Bentall, Lecomte, van Os, &amp; Myin-Germeys, 2008)</ref>. At the same time, it has been suggested that there might be at least two phenomenologically different forms of paranoia, 'bad-me' paranoia and 'poor-me' paranoia <ref type="bibr" coords="8,149.22,125.16,116.12,8.76" target="#b75">(Trower &amp; Chadwick, 1995)</ref>. The current results are consistent with bad-me paranoia, as paranoia was associated with decreased self-esteem. However, it is possible that other people with paranoia might exhibit poor-me paranoia and a tendency to think that others are conspiring against them for reasons outside of their own control, which might result in intact or even elevated explicit self-esteem.</p><p>The current research also may have implications for narcissism. To our knowledge, this study was the first to find that narcissism is associated with a combination of high selfcompetence but low self-liking. Thus, narcissism may develop in part as a defensive mechanism to protect against relatively low feelings of self-liking in the presence of high feelings of self-competence. This is consistent with theoretical explanations of narcissism, in which narcissism has been hypothesized to be positively correlated with feelings of self-competence that are maladaptive due to underlying feelings of self-worth or self-liking <ref type="bibr" coords="8,233.23,340.36,55.89,8.76;8,48.19,352.32,21.44,8.76" target="#b10">(Bosson et al., 2008)</ref>. Additionally, previous research has found that narcissism may be positively correlated with agenic selfesteem and negatively correlated with 'communal' selfesteem (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,102.33,388.15,160.45,8.76" target="#b16">Campbell, Rudich, &amp; Sedikides, 2002)</ref>. This may be analogous to the observed pattern of high selfcompetence and low self-liking in the current research.</p><p>As mentioned, a number of studies have found that people with paranoia tend to have an excessive focus on the self. There may be a number of reasons for this self-focus. For example, previous research has found that victims of childhood abuse or trauma tend to have higher levels of paranoia in adulthood (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,159.08,483.79,80.83,8.76" target="#b42">Janssen et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,242.64,483.79,46.45,8.76;8,48.19,495.75,109.09,8.76" target="#b53">Lobbestael, Arntz, &amp; Bernstein, 2010)</ref>. Moreover, some research has suggested that the mechanism by which trauma causes paranoia may be anxiety or self-focused attention <ref type="bibr" coords="8,250.75,519.68,38.34,8.76;8,48.19,531.64,63.36,8.76" target="#b31">(Freeman &amp; Fowler, 2009</ref>). Childhood trauma may cause people to experience more anxiety and more self-focused attention, which may in turn cause people to experience more paranoid ideation. Moreover, recent research has found that other risks for psychosis, such as substance abuse, may be mediated by self-focused attention or anxiety <ref type="bibr" coords="8,179.77,591.39,105.01,8.76" target="#b31">(Freeman &amp; Fowler, 2009)</ref>.</p><p>The current findings for paranoia and narcissism also may have implications for clinical populations of people with disorders related to paranoia (e.g. paranoid personality disorder, schizophrenia) and narcissism (e.g. narcissistic personality disorder). However, the use of a non-clinical population may be a limitation of the application of the current results to clinical populations. Previous research suggests that paranoia may be similar to persecutory delusions in people with schizophrenia <ref type="bibr" coords="8,217.64,699.00,71.44,8.76;8,48.19,710.96,21.44,8.76" target="#b24">(Combs &amp; Penn, 2004)</ref>, and that subclinical narcissism may be similar to clinical narcissism <ref type="bibr" coords="8,133.97,722.92,119.97,8.76" target="#b58">(Miller &amp; Campbell, 2008)</ref>. These theorists have argued that measuring paranoia and narcissism subclinically may be a good starting place for understanding clinical paranoia and narcissism. However, in contrast, some researchers have argued that there are differences between subclinical paranoia and persecutory delusions such that only persecutory delusions are defensive . Future research could examine whether clinical paranoia and narcissism are similarly associated with expression and defence models as found in the current research.</p><p>One possible explanation for not finding support for the paranoia as defence model is that there could be methodological problems in measuring self-processing. For example, perhaps explicit self-esteem measures do not actually measure explicit evaluations of oneself . At the same time, perhaps the lack of associations between paranoia and self-serving attributional style could be due to low reliability of attributional style measures. However, a methodological explanation for not finding support for the paranoia as defence model seems less likely given that in the current study we did find support for narcissism being associated with defensive self-processing. Consistent with previous research, in the current study narcissism was associated with high explicit self-esteem even though it was unassociated with implicit self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="8,311.81,316.43,99.64,8.76" target="#b15">(Campbell et al., 2007)</ref>. Moreover, also consistent with previous research, narcissism was associated with an increased self-serving attributional style <ref type="bibr" coords="8,479.28,340.36,73.46,8.76;8,311.81,352.32,21.44,8.76" target="#b56">(McAllister et al., 2002)</ref>. Therefore, the current study suggests that narcissism, but not paranoia, is associated with defensive self-processing. Moreover, it does not seem like methodological problems in measuring self-processing can easily account for the failure to support the paranoia as defence model.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,42.52,759.86,417.53,7.70"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Paranoia as a function of self-liking and self-competence graphed at þ1 and À1 standard deviations from the mean.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,48.19,545.00,504.55,172.12"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Relations among paranoia, narcissism and self-processing</figDesc><table coords="4,48.19,561.67,504.55,155.45">1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1 0 

1. Paranoia 
.88 
2. Narcissism: leadership, authority 
-.01 
.81 
3. Narcissism: exhibitionism, entitlement 
.20 Ã 
.57 Ã 
.75 
Self-esteem 
4. Self-liking 
-.46 Ã 
.43 Ã 
.16 Ã 
.91 
5. Self-competence 
-.41 Ã 
.50 Ã 
.17 Ã 
.75 Ã 
.84 
6. Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale 
-.45 Ã 
.44 Ã 
.18 Ã 
.77 Ã 
.76 Ã 
.90 
7. Self-esteem IAT 
-.01 
-.05 
-.11 
-.072 
-.04 
-.08 
.93 
Attributional style 
8. ASQ-good internal 
-.07 
.24 Ã 
.14 
.20 Ã 
.29 Ã 
.22 Ã 
-.10 
.46 
9. ASQ-bad internal 
.18 Ã 
-.08 
-.03 
-.11 
-.07 
-.11 
.03 
.08 
.40 
10. ASQ-self-serving bias 
-.19 Ã 
.23 Ã 
.13 
.22 Ã 
.24 Ã 
.25 Ã 
-.11 
.65 Ã 
-.70 Ã 
.41 
Mean 
0 
5.83 
5.43 
30.58 
29.13 
32.05 
0.13 
5.57 
4.23 
-.01 
Standard deviation 
.86 
2.39 
3.15 
6.65 
5.21 
4.81 
0.07 
0.73 
0.93 
1.37 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright # 2010 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd. Eur. J. Pers. 25: 326-335 (2011) DOI: 10.1002/per</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright # 2010 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd.Eur. J. Pers. 25: 326-335(2011)</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</head><p>The work on this paper was supported by National Institute of Mental Health Grant MH072706, National Institute on Drug Abuse Grant DA022405 and a MU Research Board Grant.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,577.83,240.96,7.88;8,320.77,587.81,188.97,7.88" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple regression: Testing and interpreting interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Newbury Park, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,597.73,240.90,7.88;8,320.77,607.71,231.96,7.88" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">DSM-IV-TR: Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Association</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th, text revision edition</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,627.66,240.93,7.88;8,320.77,637.58,231.97,7.88;8,320.77,647.56,194.79,7.88" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">DAPP-BQ: Factor structure and relations to personality disorder symptoms in a non-clinical sample</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bagge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Trull</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="32" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,657.54,240.91,7.88;8,320.77,667.46,231.97,7.88;8,320.77,677.44,232.01,7.88;8,320.77,687.41,20.17,7.88" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Persecutory delusions: A review and theoretical integration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Corcoran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Howard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Blackwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kinderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1143" to="1192" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,697.39,240.95,7.88;8,320.77,707.31,231.99,7.88;8,320.77,717.29,231.96,7.88;8,320.77,727.27,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Content specific information processing and persecutory delusions: An investigation using the emotional Stroop test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Medical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="364" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,311.81,737.25,240.90,7.88;8,320.77,747.17,231.96,7.88;8,320.77,757.14,221.63,7.88" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Abnormalities of selfrepresentation and persecutory delusions: A test of a cognitive model of paranoia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1231" to="1237" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.19,787.90,145.60,7.19;8,445.84,787.97,106.97,7.12;8,495.56,798.00,57.28,7.01" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">#</forename><surname>Copyright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ltd. Eur. J. Pers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="335" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,64.02,240.93,7.88;9,51.48,74.00,231.97,7.88;9,51.48,83.98,126.93,7.88" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Paranoia and social reasoning: An attribution theory analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Dewey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="13" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,93.95,240.90,7.88;9,51.48,103.88,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,113.85,232.01,7.88;9,51.48,123.83,15.69,7.88" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The self, attributional processes and abnormal beliefs: Towards a model of persecutory delusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kinderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research and Therapy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="341" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,133.81,240.91,7.88;9,51.48,143.73,231.93,7.88;9,51.48,153.71,213.11,7.88" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive neuropsychiatric models of persecutory delusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Blackwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Howard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">158</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="527" to="539" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,163.68,240.94,7.88;9,51.48,173.66,231.98,7.88;9,51.48,183.58,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,193.56,232.01,7.88;9,51.48,203.54,20.17,7.88" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Untangling the links between narcissism and self-esteem: A theoretical and empirical review. Social and Personality Psychology Compass</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bosson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lakey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Zeigler-Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Jordan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kernis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1415" to="1439" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,213.46,240.95,7.88;9,51.48,223.44,231.99,7.88;9,51.48,233.42,231.98,7.88;9,51.48,243.39,93.89,7.88" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stalking the perfect measure of implicit self-esteem: The blind men and the elephant revisited?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bosson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Swann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Pennebaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="631" to="643" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,253.31,240.96,7.88;9,51.48,263.29,231.95,7.88;9,51.48,273.27,158.97,7.88" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Narcissus meets Sisyphus: Self-love, self-loathing, and the never-ending pursuit of selfworth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bosson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="210" to="213" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,283.25,240.92,7.88;9,51.48,293.17,232.03,7.88;9,51.48,303.15,81.64,7.88" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the meaning and measure of narcissism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Budzek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamborski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="951" to="964" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,313.12,240.94,7.88;9,51.48,323.05,220.31,7.88" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The aggression questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Perry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="452" to="459" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,333.02,240.91,7.88;9,51.48,343.00,231.99,7.88;9,51.48,352.98,187.60,7.88" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Do narcissists dislike themselves &apos;deep down inside&apos;? psychological Science</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bosson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Goheen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lakey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kernis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="229" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,362.90,240.95,7.88" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rudich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Sedikides</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,51.48,372.88,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,382.86,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,392.83,47.85,7.88" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Narcissism, self-esteem, and the positivity of self-views: Two portraits of self-love</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="358" to="368" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,402.75,240.91,7.88;9,51.48,412.73,231.94,7.88;9,51.48,422.71,93.89,7.88" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attributional style in paranoid vs. depressed patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Candido</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Romney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Medical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="363" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,432.63,240.97,7.88;9,51.48,442.61,232.00,7.88;9,51.48,452.59,162.49,7.88" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Handbook for the Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Cattell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Eber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tatsuoka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Institute for Personality and Ability Testing</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Champaign, IL</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,462.56,240.93,7.88;9,51.48,472.49,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,482.46,201.47,7.88" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The role of aberrant salience and self-concept clarity in psychotic-like experiences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cicero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Docherty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kerns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>manuscript in preparation</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,492.44,240.88,7.88;9,51.48,502.42,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,512.42,63.53,7.69" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Does ego threat increase paranoia? Paper Presented at the Society for Research in Psychopathology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cicero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kerns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,522.32,240.90,7.88;9,51.48,532.29,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,542.27,76.14,7.88" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multidimensional factor structure of positive schizotypy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cicero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kerns</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="327" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,552.19,240.92,7.88;9,51.48,562.17,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,572.15,232.00,7.88;9,51.48,582.07,11.21,7.88" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive therapy of paranoid conditions: Heuristic suggestions based on a computer stimulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Colby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Faught</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Parkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,592.05,240.88,7.88;9,51.48,602.03,231.95,7.88;9,51.48,612.00,81.64,7.88" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of subclinical paranoia on social perception and behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Combs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Penn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Schizophrenia Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,621.92,240.89,7.88;9,51.48,631.90,231.96,7.88;9,51.48,641.88,137.66,7.88" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The factor structure of the Narcissistic Personality Inventory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Corry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Merritt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mrug</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Pamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Assessment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="593" to="600" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,651.86,240.93,7.88;9,51.48,661.78,231.96,7.88;9,51.47,671.76,42.59,7.88" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The measurement of self-esteem: Refining our methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Demo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1490" to="1502" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,681.73,240.99,7.88;9,51.47,691.66,210.23,7.88" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Manual of the eysenck personality questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Eysenck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B G</forename><surname>Eysenck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
			<publisher>Hodder &amp; Stoughton</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,701.63,240.93,7.88;9,51.47,711.61,231.96,7.88;9,51.47,721.59,184.71,7.88" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public and private self-consciousness: Assessment and theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fenigstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Scheier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="522" to="527" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,42.52,731.51,240.90,7.88;9,51.47,741.49,231.96,7.88;9,51.47,751.47,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Paranoia and selfconsciousness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fenigstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Vanable</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="138" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,64.00,240.92,7.88;9,315.10,73.98,232.01,7.88;9,315.10,83.96,15.69,7.88" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Suspicious minds: The psychology of persecutory delusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="425" to="457" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,93.94,240.93,7.88;9,315.10,103.86,232.05,7.88;9,315.10,113.84,90.60,7.88" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Routes to psychotic symptoms: Trauma, anxiety and psychosis-like experiences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Fowler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychiatry Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">169</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,123.81,240.92,7.88;9,315.10,133.79,231.94,7.88;9,315.10,143.71,232.00,7.88;9,315.10,153.69,231.95,7.88;9,315.10,163.67,166.63,7.88" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The London-East Anglia randomized controlled trial of cognitive-behaviour therapy for psychosis. IV: Self-esteem and persecutory delusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Garety</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Fowler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kuipers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Dunn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bebbington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hadley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="430" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,173.65,240.94,7.88;9,315.10,183.57,211.69,7.88" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">On narcissism: An introduction In</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Freud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. Strachey</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1911" />
			<publisher>Hogarth Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Standard edition</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,193.55,240.91,7.88;9,315.10,203.52,231.95,7.88;9,315.10,213.44,166.63,7.88" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive approaches to delusions: A critical review of theories and evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Garety</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="154" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,223.42,240.90,7.88;9,315.10,233.40,232.03,7.88;9,315.10,243.38,69.38,7.88" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implicit social cognition: Attitudes, self-esteem, and stereotypes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Greenwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Banaji</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,253.30,240.91,7.88;9,315.10,263.28,231.97,7.88;9,315.10,273.25,198.55,7.88" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using the implicit association test to measure self-esteem and self-concept</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Greenwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Farnham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1022" to="1038" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,283.23,240.95,7.88;9,315.10,293.15,231.97,7.88;9,315.10,303.13,231.97,7.88;9,315.10,313.11,102.85,7.88" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring individual differences in implicit cognition: The implicit association test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Greenwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mcghee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1464" to="1480" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,323.03,240.95,7.88;9,315.10,333.01,231.96,7.88;9,315.10,342.98,231.98,7.88;9,315.10,352.96,93.89,7.88" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding and using the implicit association test: I. An improved scoring algorithm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Greenwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nosek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Banaji</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,362.88,240.96,7.88;9,315.10,372.86,231.98,7.88;9,315.10,382.84,113.10,7.88" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Manual of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hathaway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mckinley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<publisher>University of Minnesota Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Minneapolis, MN</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,392.82,240.92,7.88;9,315.10,402.74,231.99,7.88;9,315.10,412.72,94.17,7.88" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The factor structure of schizotypy in a normal population</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Hewitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Claridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="329" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,422.69,240.94,7.88;9,315.10,432.61,231.98,7.88;9,315.10,442.59,231.98,7.88;9,315.10,452.57,93.89,7.88" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attributional style, defensive functioning and persecutory delusions: Symptom specific or general coping strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Humphreys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Barrowclough</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="246" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,462.55,240.94,7.88;9,315.10,472.47,232.00,7.88;9,315.10,482.45,232.00,7.88;9,315.10,492.42,11.21,7.88" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Childhood abuse as a risk factor for psychotic experiences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Janssen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Krabbendam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hanssen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Vollebergh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>De Graaf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta psychiatrica Scandinavica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">109</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,502.40,240.92,7.88;9,315.10,512.32,231.93,7.88;9,315.10,522.30,231.96,7.88;9,315.10,532.28,42.59,7.88" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attributional style in psychosis-The role of affect and belief type</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jolley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Garety</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bebbington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Dunn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kuipers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Therapy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1597" to="1607" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,542.26,240.91,7.88;9,315.10,552.18,231.97,7.88;9,315.10,562.16,189.59,7.88" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Secure and defensive high self-esteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Jordan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Spencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Zanna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hoshino-Browne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Correll</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="969" to="978" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,572.13,240.93,7.88;9,315.10,582.05,231.96,7.88;9,315.10,592.03,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Persecutory delusions and attributional style</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Medical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="198" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,602.01,240.91,7.88;9,315.10,611.99,231.93,7.88;9,315.10,621.91,230.23,7.88" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Psychosis as a state of aberrant salience: A framework linking biology, phenomenology, and pharmacology in schizophrenia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kapur</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">160</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="13" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,631.89,240.90,7.88;9,315.10,641.86,149.60,7.88" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a conceptualization of optimal selfesteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kernis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,651.84,240.91,7.88;9,315.09,661.76,231.95,7.88;9,315.09,671.74,231.96,7.88;9,315.09,681.72,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new measure of causal locus: The Internal, Personal, and Situational Attributions Questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kinderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="264" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,691.64,240.93,7.88;9,315.09,701.62,231.97,7.88;9,315.09,711.59,212.21,7.88" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-discrepancies and persecutory delusions: Evidence for a model of paranoid ideation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kinderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Abnormal Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">105</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="106" to="113" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.14,721.57,240.95,7.88;9,315.09,731.49,232.04,7.88;9,315.09,741.47,231.97,7.88;9,315.09,751.45,144.75,7.88" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Calibrating the sociometer: The relationship between interpersonal appraisals and state self-esteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Leary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Haupt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Strausser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Chokel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1290" to="1299" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,64.02,240.95,7.88;10,57.15,74.00,231.94,7.88;10,57.15,83.98,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,93.95,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-esteem as an interpersonal monitor: The sociometer hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Leary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Tambor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Terdal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Downs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="518" to="530" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,103.88,240.92,7.88;10,57.15,113.85,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,123.83,91.61,7.88" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Dimensional assessment of personality pathology-basic questionnaire (DAPP-BQ)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Livesley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Sigma Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Port Huron, MI</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,133.81,240.94,7.88;10,57.15,143.73,231.94,7.88;10,57.15,153.71,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,163.68,47.85,7.88" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Disentangling the relationship between different types of childhood maltreatment and personality disorders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lobbestael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Arntz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="285" to="295" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,173.66,240.92,7.88;10,57.15,183.58,232.03,7.88;10,57.15,193.56,186.81,7.88" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The defensive function of persecutory delusions. Evidence from attribution tasks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lyon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">164</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="637" to="646" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,203.54,240.91,7.88;10,57.15,213.46,231.99,7.88;10,57.15,223.44,219.63,7.88" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attributional style in schizophrenia: An investigation in outpatients with and without persecutory delusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Penn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Schizophrenia Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,233.42,240.91,7.88;10,57.15,243.39,231.99,7.88;10,57.15,253.31,231.98,7.88;10,57.15,263.29,208.52,7.88" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The optimal margin of illusion hypothesis: Evidence from the self-serving bias and personality disorders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mcallister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Mannes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sutherland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="414" to="426" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,273.27,240.97,7.88;10,57.15,283.25,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,293.17,231.93,7.88;10,57.15,303.15,177.91,7.88" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Depressive reactions to failure in a naturalistic setting: A test of the hopelessness and self-esteem theories of depression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Metalsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Joiner</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hardin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Abramson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Abnormal Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="109" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,313.12,240.93,7.88;10,57.15,323.05,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,333.02,93.32,7.88" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparing clinical and social-personality conceptualizations of narcissism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="476" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,343.00,240.89,7.88;10,57.15,352.98,223.37,7.88" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Misunderstanding analysis of covariance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Abnormal Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="40" to="48" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,362.90,240.92,7.88;10,57.15,372.88,231.97,7.88;10,57.15,382.86,215.44,7.88" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The inferiority complex in paranoia readdressed: A study with the Implicit Association Test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Moritz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Werner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Collani</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Neuropsychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="402" to="415" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,392.83,240.95,7.88;10,57.15,402.75,231.97,7.88;10,57.15,412.73,231.96,7.88;10,57.15,422.71,24.66,7.88" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Calibrating the sociometer: The relational contingencies of self-esteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bellavia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,432.63,240.94,7.88;10,57.15,442.61,232.04,7.88;10,57.15,452.59,232.01,7.88;10,57.15,462.56,15.69,7.88" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The attributional style questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Semmel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Von Baeyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Abramson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Metalsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E P</forename><surname>Seligman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Therapy and Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="300" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.19,472.49,240.93,7.88;10,57.15,482.46,232.04,7.88;10,57.15,492.44,112.26,7.88" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The SPQ: A scale for the assessment of schizotypal personality based on DSM-III-R criteria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Raine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="555" to="564" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,64.01,240.92,7.88;10,320.77,73.99,231.97,7.88;10,320.77,83.97,231.96,7.88;10,320.77,93.94,47.85,7.88" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A principal-components analysis of the Narcissistic Personality Inventory and further evidence of its construct validity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Raskin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Terry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="890" to="902" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,103.87,240.95,7.88;10,320.77,113.84,231.96,7.88;10,320.77,123.82,152.05,7.88" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A questionnaire for the measurement of paranoia/suspiciousness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Rawlings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="451" to="461" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Pt</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,133.80,240.92,7.88;10,320.77,143.72,186.40,7.88" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Society and the adolescent self-image</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rosenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, New Jersey</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,153.70,240.94,7.88;10,320.77,163.68,231.97,7.88;10,320.77,173.65,173.71,7.88" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Grandiose delusions: An experimental investigation of the delusion as defense</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kuipers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">193</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="480" to="487" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,183.57,240.92,7.88;10,320.77,193.55,231.97,7.88;10,320.77,203.53,232.06,7.88;10,320.77,213.45,200.41,7.88" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factorial composition of self-rated schizotypal traits among young males undergoing military training</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stefanis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Smyrnis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Avramopoulos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Evdokimidis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Ntzoufras</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Stefanis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Schizophrenia Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="335" to="350" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,223.43,240.91,7.88;10,320.77,233.41,232.00,7.88;10,320.77,243.38,128.31,7.88" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Paradoxical self-esteem and selectivity in the processing of social information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tafarodi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1181" to="1196" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,253.30,240.90,7.88;10,320.77,263.28,164.30,7.88" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decomposing global selfesteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tafarodi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Milne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="443" to="483" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,273.26,240.90,7.88;10,320.77,283.24,231.94,7.88;10,320.77,293.16,231.96,7.88;10,320.77,303.14,47.85,7.88" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-liking and selfcompetence as dimensions of global self-esteem: Initial validation of a measure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tafarodi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Swann</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Assessment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="322" to="342" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,313.11,240.91,7.88;10,320.77,323.04,232.00,7.88;10,320.77,333.01,160.45,7.88" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Selective memory and the persistence of paradoxical self-esteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tafarodi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Milne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1179" to="1189" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,342.99,240.92,7.88;10,320.77,352.97,231.96,7.88;10,320.77,362.89,93.32,7.88" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Depressive attributional style: The role of self-esteem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tennen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Herzberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="631" to="660" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,372.87,240.95,7.88;10,320.77,382.85,231.95,7.88;10,320.77,392.82,231.96,7.88;10,320.77,402.74,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fluctuations in self-esteem and paranoia in the context of daily life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Thewissen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bentall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Lecomte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Van Os</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Myin-Germeys</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Abnormal Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,412.72,240.91,7.88;10,320.77,422.70,231.95,7.88;10,320.77,432.62,99.95,7.88" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathway to the defense of self: A theory of two types of paranoia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Trower</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chadwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Psychology: Science and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="175" to="198" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,442.60,240.95,7.88;10,320.77,452.58,231.97,7.88;10,320.77,462.55,231.95,7.88;10,320.77,472.48,94.50,7.88" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The construct validity of the Paranoid Personality Disorder Features Questionnaire (PPDFQ): A dimensional assessment of paranoid personality disorder</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Useda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Trull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Unpublished Dissertation</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,311.81,482.45,240.94,7.88;10,320.77,492.43,231.14,7.88" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is paranoid schizophrenia really camouflaged depression?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Zigler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="284" to="290" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
