<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurs&apos; improvisational behavior and new venture performance: Firm-level and institutional contingencies</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Samuel</forename><surname>Adomako</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Entrepreneurship Institute</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Dhahran</settlement>
									<country key="SA">Saudi Arabia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Opoku</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Donald Business School</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Red Deer College</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Alberta</settlement>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kwabena</forename><surname>Frimpong</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Management and Marketing</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Dhahran</settlement>
									<country key="SA">Saudi Arabia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurs&apos; improvisational behavior and new venture performance: Firm-level and institutional contingencies</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jbusres.2017.10.006</idno>
					<note>Contents lists available at ScienceDirect Journal of Business Research journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/jbusres A R T I C L E I N F O</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:52+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Improvisation Upper echelons Financial resource capability Institutional support New venture performance, Ghana</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A B S T R A C T</head><p>Despite the growing research on the influence of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior on organizational outcomes, there is limited understanding of the specific firm-level and institutional conditions under which entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior can effectively drive the success of new ventures. This paper contributes to filling this gap by investigating the moderating effects of financial resource capability and institutional support on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance. The study's theoretical model is validated by employing confirmatory factor analysis and hierarchical regression on primary data obtained from 395 new ventures in Ghana. The results reveal a significant positive moderating effect of financial resource capability on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational and new venture performance. In addition, the findings show that the effectiveness of improvisation behavior in driving a firm's success depends on the level of institutional support. Implications for research and practice are discussed.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>Scholarly evidence shows that knowledge accumulation around improvisational behavior and its organizational outcomes has been substantial (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,106.75,466.46,81.88,7.17" target="#b7">Baker &amp; Nelson, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,195.31,466.46,93.33,7.17" target="#b24">Crossan &amp; Sorrenti, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,37.59,476.89,102.68,7.17" target="#b34">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,150.46,476.89,138.17,7.17" target="#b36">Hmieleski, Corbett, &amp; Baron, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,37.59,487.38,91.51,7.17" target="#b50">Mullins &amp; Komisar, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,134.19,487.38,80.18,7.17" target="#b65">Vera &amp; Crosson, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,219.45,487.38,48.31,7.17" target="#b68">Weick, 2001)</ref>. Improvisational behavior is generally perceived as the ability of entrepreneurs to extemporaneously create and execute strategic new plans (i.e., improvise). Although this is considered a crucial entrepreneurial ability (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,132.38,529.22,94.32,7.17" target="#b35">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2008)</ref>, improvisational behavior does not always result in positive organizational outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="1,37.59,550.14,153.03,7.17" target="#b23">(Crossan, Cunha, Vera, &amp; Da Cunha, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,194.06,550.14,77.66,7.17" target="#b65">Vera &amp; Crosson, 2005)</ref>. Instead, the influence of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior is likely to be contingent on several conditional factors.</p><p>The entrepreneurship literature shows that the firm-level conditions and institutional frameworks under which entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior relates to performance of new ventures are under-explored. Consequently, this paper examines these two potential ways in which the potency of improvisation drives new venture success. First, despite growing interest in the role of resource availability in entrepreneurship (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,111.35,644.25,49.00,7.17" target="#b9">Barney, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,162.42,644.25,55.95,7.17" target="#b45">Makadok, 2001)</ref>, the potential ways in which a firm's financial resource capability interrelates with other salient predictors to improve firm performance have not been duly examined. This study contributes to closing this gap by exploring whether a firm's financial resource capability limits or enhances the performance benefits that accrue from entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior. The major rationale underlying this enquiry is that increases in individuals' perceptions of resource availability make them prone to improvise <ref type="bibr" coords="1,344.75,487.37,70.06,7.17" target="#b8">(Banin et al., 2016)</ref>. According to the literature in organizational settings, resource constraints drive top managers to adhere to plans and only slightly deviate from them <ref type="bibr" coords="1,467.54,508.29,90.05,7.17;1,306.60,518.72,19.32,7.17" target="#b22">(Covin, Slevin, &amp; Schultz, 1997)</ref>. The general view in the literature suggests that resource availability is crucial for entrepreneurial behavior to flourish.</p><p>Second, to date, the literature has failed to shed light on the particular conditions in which varying levels of institutional support impact improvisational behavior to increase a firm's performance. Regrettably, this gap still remains despite the mounting research evidence, which suggests that there is a lack of theoretical clarity regarding the institutional contexts (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,398.55,591.97,41.17,7.17" target="#b16">Blau, 1964;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,442.83,591.97,114.85,7.17" target="#b41">Klapper, Laeven, &amp; Rajan, 2006)</ref> under which improvisational behavior drives firm success. This paper draws insights from the central proposition of <ref type="bibr" coords="1,477.19,612.89,52.18,7.17" target="#b51">North's (1990)</ref> institutional theory, which contends that institutions determine the rules of the game. The essence of this theory is that the broader context of businessesconsisting of social, cultural, economic, political and technological factors-significantly influences entrepreneurial behavior. Therefore, the expectation is that entrepreneurial new ventures are likely to adapt their activities and strategies to fit the opportunities and limitations provided through formal and informal institutional frameworks.</p><p>Against the backdrop of the foregoing arguments, this paper examines the following research question: How do financial resource capability and perceived institutional support influence the performance benefits of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior?</p><p>This paper contributes to the entrepreneurship literature in three main ways. First, it illustrates the specific ways in which different levels of institutional support combine with entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior to enhance firm success. This approach is considered a useful extension of the literature because it provides strategic insights into the appropriate institutional context, which enhances the potency of entrepreneurial behavior on firm success.</p><p>Second, by examining the conditional effect of institutional context on entrepreneurial behavior, this paper contributes to the upper echelons literature <ref type="bibr" coords="2,96.38,237.59,65.78,7.17" target="#b31">(Hambrick, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,167.98,237.59,93.76,7.17" target="#b32">Hambrick &amp; Mason, 1984)</ref>. Even though the upper echelons theory emphasizes the importance of top management's characteristics and how they impact strategic decisionmaking (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,89.12,268.99,91.77,7.17" target="#b32">Hambrick &amp; Mason, 1984)</ref>, it is silent on the potential effects on varying institutional conditions. However, top management strategic decisions are not taken in isolation, as the environment plays a significant role in the decision-making behavior of entrepreneurs. Thus, the outcome from this enquiry can help improve scholars' understanding of the appropriate institutional conditions under which entrepreneurs' improvisational behaviors are likely to drive new venture success.</p><p>Third, by proposing and verifying the moderating effect of a firm's resource availability on the link between improvisational behavior and new venture success, this paper extends the boundaries of existing entrepreneurship research regarding the role of improvisational behavior in driving firm success <ref type="bibr" coords="2,125.35,394.51,87.21,7.17" target="#b36">(Hmieleski et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,216.34,394.51,72.27,7.17;2,37.59,405.00,19.32,7.17" target="#b35">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2008)</ref>.</p><p>The rest of the paper is organized as follows: First, the theoretical background and hypotheses are considered. Second, the study methods are described. Third, the findings from the analysis are presented. Finally, the theoretical and managerial implications for entrepreneurship are followed by the conclusion.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Theoretical background and hypotheses</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Improvisational behavior</head><p>Scholarly enquiry into improvisational behavior in the entrepreneurship literature began over a decade ago (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,266.29,530.52,22.36,7.17;2,37.59,540.95,80.29,7.17" target="#b6">Baker, Miner, &amp; Eesley, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,121.66,540.95,79.10,7.17" target="#b7">Baker &amp; Nelson, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,204.55,540.95,84.09,7.17" target="#b36">Hmieleski et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,37.59,551.43,96.39,7.17" target="#b34">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,137.94,551.43,95.53,7.17" target="#b35">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2008)</ref>. However, research in large organizations on improvisation is well-established (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,37.59,572.35,101.32,7.17" target="#b1">Akgun, Lynn, &amp; Reily, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,142.58,572.35,68.95,7.17" target="#b8">Banin et al., 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,215.21,572.35,73.41,7.17;2,37.59,582.79,19.32,7.17" target="#b27">Eisenhardt &amp; Tabrizi, 1995)</ref>. Improvisational behavior is defined as the inverse of foresight and planning, which involves impromptu action <ref type="bibr" coords="2,207.50,593.27,55.24,7.17" target="#b25">(Dickson, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,264.70,593.27,23.93,7.17;2,37.59,603.71,19.32,7.17" target="#b67">Weick, 1998)</ref>. This suggests that improvisational behavior involves activities with a limited amount of advanced preparation. Improvisational behavior is an 'impromptu action' <ref type="bibr" coords="2,153.47,624.62,56.85,7.17" target="#b25">(Dickson, 1997)</ref> that is generally contrasted with rational models of organizational decision-making <ref type="bibr" coords="2,37.59,645.55,84.18,7.17" target="#b61">(Smith &amp; Blundel, 2014)</ref>. In management, improvisational behavior is considered a commonplace human capability that can be observed in many aspects of life <ref type="bibr" coords="2,128.29,666.47,130.24,7.17" target="#b40">(Kamoche, Cunha, &amp; Cunha, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,265.49,666.47,23.15,7.17;2,37.59,676.96,91.73,7.17" target="#b46">Miner, Bassof, &amp; Moorman, 2001)</ref>. For example, impromptu behavior is often connected with creative activities, such as music, theater, therapy or education <ref type="bibr" coords="2,74.21,697.88,66.56,7.17" target="#b46">(Miner et al., 2001)</ref>. As the term has been utilized in different settings, it can be said that the concept of improvisation has subtle and different meanings depending upon the context.</p><p>In the management and entrepreneurship literature, improvisational behavior is generally perceived as the deliberate, spontaneous execution of a novel activity <ref type="bibr" coords="2,450.20,59.80,107.45,7.17" target="#b36">(Hmieleski et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.60,70.23,94.29,7.17" target="#b35">Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,402.80,70.23,87.19,7.17" target="#b47">Moorman &amp; Miner, 1998)</ref>. This paper adopts this definition. Arguably, an individual can improvise at any time. There may be many potential causes for such behavior, for example, the introduction of a problem, an opportunity for which the person has no satisfactory, pre-composed arrangement, or the desire for something new and impulsive.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Decision-making theory and improvisational behavior</head><p>Decision-making theory can be approached from two main perspectives: normative and descriptive <ref type="bibr" coords="2,446.34,183.44,49.03,7.17" target="#b29">(Grant, 2003)</ref>. The normative approach sees top management or the upper echelon as using rational behavior to make optimal decisions in an organization. According to this view, decision-makers are able to use relevant information to make decisions that affect the organization. As with entrepreneurs, the generation and analysis of information in decision-making is crucial. The entrepreneurial process follows a rational planning progression, which manifests in the time and effort dedicated to gathering market intelligence as a precursor to effective strategy formulation, implementation, and control.</p><p>The second perspective, the descriptive school, holds that "actual decisions flow from cognitive limitations, political processes, routines and environmental constraints" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,425.48,308.96,113.91,7.17">(Haley &amp; Stumpf, 1989, p. 477)</ref>. Essentially, this view places much emphasis on what is happening today and is therefore limited regarding future predictions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,499.18,329.88,58.45,7.17;2,306.60,340.37,90.41,7.17" target="#b70">(Wiltbank, Dew, Read, &amp; Sarasvathy, 2006)</ref>. Moreover, this view contends that departing from a planned line of action, such as strategies, frequently goes unnoticed in reality <ref type="bibr" coords="2,371.79,361.29,101.53,7.17" target="#b64">(Tversky &amp; Kahneman, 1986)</ref>. As such, resulting actions derived from the descriptive view are considered heuristic-based <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.60,382.21,141.60,7.17" target="#b60">(Slovic, Fischhoff, &amp; Lichtenstein, 1977)</ref> and impulsive <ref type="bibr" coords="2,504.40,382.21,49.38,7.17" target="#b56">(Quinn, 1980)</ref>. Based on these perspectives on decision-making, this study argues that entrepreneurial improvisation is a heuristic-based and satisficing form of behavior, set in bounded rationality.</p><p>In entrepreneurship, improvisational behavior can be utilized to assess how resources are connected to meet previous objectives in order to find what results are conceivable <ref type="bibr" coords="2,439.48,444.96,69.27,7.17" target="#b6">(Baker et al., 2003)</ref>. In addition, improvisational behavior may be an effective behavior strategy for managing change, especially in conditions of underdeveloped institutional structures and resource constrained environments, such as those in emerging market settings.</p><p>In the following sections, this paper examines the potential moderating effects of financial resource capability and institutional support on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance. The study's conceptual model is presented in <ref type="figure" coords="2,342.20,539.08,20.58,7.17" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1</ref> below. The conceptual model shows that the link between improvisational behavior and new venture performance is moderated by levels of financial resource capability. In addition, the proposed model shows that entrepreneurs' perception of stronger institutional support translates improvisational behavior into enhanced performance outcome. In the next section, the study's hypotheses are developed for each of these relationships.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Moderating effects of financial resource capability</head><p>Financial resource capability refers to entrepreneurs' perception of availability of relevant financial capital <ref type="bibr" coords="3,218.10,132.99,70.54,7.17;3,37.59,143.48,79.78,7.17" target="#b20">(Cooper, Gimeno-Gascon, &amp; Woo, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,122.45,143.48,100.10,7.17" target="#b69">Wiklund &amp; Shepherd, 2005)</ref> for carrying out firm-related decisions. Clearly the pursuit of entrepreneurial success requires resources <ref type="bibr" coords="3,105.67,164.40,115.71,7.17" target="#b48">(Mousa, Marlin, &amp; Ritchie, 2013)</ref>. Unavailability of financial resources can be prohibitive to the strategic options open to entrepreneurs <ref type="bibr" coords="3,89.74,185.32,102.39,7.17" target="#b63">(Tushman &amp; Anderson, 1986)</ref>, and this can hamper the opportunity to leverage the performance benefits of improvisational behavior. More importantly, improvising with limited resources might lead to imperfect solutions, which may eventually fail to address strategic challenges.</p><p>Usually, entrepreneurs need to remain flexible in order to formulate and effectively execute novel strategic decisions in order to develop their businesses <ref type="bibr" coords="3,96.38,258.51,87.51,7.17" target="#b50">(Mullins &amp; Komisar, 2009</ref>). Access to greater financial capital allows entrepreneurs to pursue new growth opportunities <ref type="bibr" coords="3,37.59,279.43,57.20,7.17" target="#b53">(Penrose, 1959)</ref>, which in turn support resource-intensive growth strategies. Thus, access to more resources facilitates improvisational behavior because entrepreneurs are likely to take impromptu novel action <ref type="bibr" coords="3,63.67,310.83,54.24,7.17" target="#b25">(Dickson, 1997</ref>) that could result in improved performance. Conversely, improvising with constrained resources may be prohibitive to strategic options <ref type="bibr" coords="3,110.44,331.75,70.71,7.17" target="#b6">(Baker et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,184.48,331.75,77.72,7.17" target="#b7">Baker &amp; Nelson, 2005)</ref>. Thus, access to financial resources is considered crucial for entrepreneurs, as these can be relatively easy to convert into other types of resources <ref type="bibr" coords="3,37.59,363.10,61.44,7.17" target="#b26">(Dollinger, 1999)</ref>. Moreover, slack financial resources are generally deemed to provide flexibility for entrepreneurs to enhance creativity and thus bolster performance.</p><p>This study uses insights from the financial slack perspective <ref type="bibr" coords="3,37.59,405.00,79.30,7.17" target="#b42">(Kraatz &amp; Zajac, 2001)</ref> to argue that the level of liquid assets, such as cash on hand, available to an organization typically helps entrepreneurs improvise to pursue new growth opportunities. In other words, this study contends that the more entrepreneurs are capable of accessing financial resources, the greater is the benefit that a firm obtains from its founder's improvisational behavior. In contrast, when entrepreneurs have less access to financial resources, a firm accrues fewer benefits from its founder's improvisational behavior. The above arguments lead to the following hypothesis: H1. A firm's financial resource capability will have a positive moderating effect on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.4.">Moderating effects of perceived institutional support</head><p>Institutional support reflects the opportunities provided to entrepreneurs in terms of the ease of doing business <ref type="bibr" coords="3,223.59,582.79,65.04,7.17;3,37.59,593.28,123.26,7.17" target="#b57">(Saeed, Yousafzai, Yani-De-Soriano, &amp; Muffatto, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,162.82,593.28,75.00,7.17" target="#b62">Turker &amp; Selçuk, 2009</ref>). The context of entrepreneurship is mainly shaped by economic and political mechanisms, which are governed by the actors in the public, private, and non-governmental sectors. Moreover, institutions are important, as they represent the structures that provide the incentives for different types of economic activity. While public sector institutions make laws, regulations and policies related to government assistance for entrepreneurship, private sector establishments define the way of life, norms, convictions, and expectations of this activity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,190.43,676.96,98.21,7.17" target="#b38">(Ingram &amp; Silverman, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,37.59,687.45,71.82,7.17" target="#b57">Saeed et al., 2015)</ref>. Thus, support for entrepreneurs can enhance creativity and efficiency.</p><p>Conversely, where there is less support for entrepreneurs, there is the danger of chaos, and this can be prohibitive to the strategic options open to entrepreneurs. Thus, high (as opposed to low) levels of institutional support are ideal for converting improvisational behavior into enhanced performance outcome. For instance, if there are some barriers to entering the market, people may exhibit lower entrepreneurial improvisational behavior. However, if entrepreneurs perceive the environment to be supportive, they will be more confident in deviating from their plans in order to adapt to the institutional conditions. Therefore, this study derives insights from institutional theory <ref type="bibr" coords="3,331.99,122.55,44.35,7.17" target="#b51">(North, 1990</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,382.90,122.55,16.77,7.17" target="#b52">(North, , 2005</ref> to argue that when entrepreneurs perceive higher institutional support in the environment, the benefit that a firm obtains from entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior increases. Thus, the following hypothesis is presented:</p><p>H2. Entrepreneurs' perception of institutional support will have a positive moderating effect on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Methods</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Sample and data sources</head><p>The sample of entrepreneurs in the manufacturing sector was drawn from the Registrar General's Department. Ghana represents an important context to test the study's hypotheses for the following reasons. First, Ghana's open market economy provides a unique context to examine how Western industrialized theories perform in an emerging country setting <ref type="bibr" coords="3,365.10,321.26,71.66,7.17" target="#b8">(Banin et al., 2016)</ref>. Second, the Ghanaian business environment remains the most conducive setting for conducting business in West Africa (World <ref type="bibr" coords="3,408.30,342.18,42.56,7.17" target="#b71">Bank, 2011)</ref>. Therefore, investigating entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior in Ghana offers an important emerging economy perspective in understanding firm-level outcomes.</p><p>The respondents were entrepreneurs (i.e., founders or owners who have participated in the start-up process for their new ventures). In this study, a new venture is defined as a firm that is no &gt; 10 years from its foundation. Ventures up to 10 years of age were selected, as this age helps capture firms at various stages of development, including those at the early, growing and stabilization stages of their development <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.60,436.35,77.44,7.17" target="#b18">(Cardon &amp; Kirk, 2015)</ref>. The sample consisted of ventures founded in 2003 or later, privately-owned, and with fewer than 250 employees as of 2013. A sample of 1600 such firms was randomly selected from a database held by the Ghana Companies Register (available at the Registrar General's Department). This database contained a total of 10,500 manufacturing ventures.</p><p>Data were collected in two phases. This study followed previous studies in the research setting (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,438.29,509.60,91.43,7.17" target="#b33">Hinson &amp; Sorensen, 2006)</ref> by employing data collectors. A team of field agents who were trained and led by the lead author of this paper administered the questionnaire. In the first phase of the study, all 1600 firms were contacted with a questionnaire. This study cross-checked the data collected from all of the respondents by telephone to ensure that they had been collected from the right firms. After several rounds of phone and personal follow-ups, 565 responses (35.3%) were obtained from the first study.</p><p>Three years later, the entrepreneurs of the 565 firms that took part in the first study were contacted to capture data on the dependent variable (new venture performance). This was done to mitigate potential common method bias issues associated with single-informant, self-reported data <ref type="bibr" coords="3,372.02,635.12,167.41,7.17" target="#b55">(Podsakoff, MacKenzie, Lee, &amp; Podsakoff, 2003)</ref>. Accordingly, using the same interviewers, a second hand-delivered questionnaire (three years after the first survey had been completed) was administered. This study received 395 responses from the second survey, representing 69.9%. Thus, this study relied on the 395 matched questionnaires across Time 1 and Time 2 for the analyses presented herein. To assess non-response bias, this study compared data obtained from the early and late respondents. The results showed no significant difference in the constructs used in the study <ref type="bibr" coords="3,477.75,718.80,79.86,7.17;3,306.60,729.23,19.32,7.17" target="#b3">(Armstrong &amp; Overton, 1977)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Measures</head><p>In this study, established measures were used from the existing literature. All measures were assessed with a seven-point Likert scale. Details of specific items measuring the constructs, including their respective factor loadings and t-values, are presented in <ref type="table" coords="4,232.44,458.52,25.52,7.17">Table 1</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.1.">Improvisational behavior</head><p>The improvisational behavior (α = 0.85) scale was adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="4,37.59,502.69,110.92,7.17" target="#b34">Hmieleski and Corbett (2006)</ref> to measure the degree to which entrepreneurs display improvisational behavior in their work role. This scale contains 12 items, and respondents were asked to rate the extent to which each item was related to their behaviors while in their roles as entrepreneurs. The combined mean of the items constituted the respondents' tendency to improvise <ref type="bibr" coords="4,158.74,554.96,82.89,7.17" target="#b36">(Hmieleski et al., 2013)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.2.">Financial resource capability</head><p>A firm's financial resource capability (α = 0.89) is operationalized in terms of availability of financial capital or ease of accessing financial capital. To measure financial resource capability, items from previous studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,88.22,620.04,75.47,7.17" target="#b20">Cooper et al., 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,167.92,620.04,99.37,7.17" target="#b69">Wiklund &amp; Shepherd, 2005)</ref> were used. To capture the financial resource capability construct, a 7-point Likert scale with anchors 'strongly disagree' and 'strongly agree' was used.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.3.">Institutional support</head><p>To measure institutional support, a four-item scale developed by Turker and Selçuk (2009) (α = 0.85) on a 7-point Likert scale with anchors 'strongly disagree' and 'strongly agree' was used.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.4.">New venture performance</head><p>New venture performance was measured using seven subjective items taken from previous studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,451.17,406.19,59.14,7.17" target="#b44">Luk et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,513.19,406.19,44.47,7.17;4,306.60,416.68,19.32,7.17" target="#b59">Sheng et al., 2011)</ref>. Entrepreneurs compared their firms with their main industry competitors in the last three years on a seven-point Likert scale with anchors ranging from 1 = much worse than competitors to 7 = much better than competitors (α = 0.88).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.5.">Control variables</head><p>Controls included six variables that have been shown to influence the outcome variable. These include firm size, firm age, prior growth, founder age, education and entrepreneurial experience. Firm age was measured as the number of years a firm has been operating since its formation. To prevent skewness, firm size was measured as the natural logarithm of the number of employees of the firm <ref type="bibr" coords="4,485.41,536.36,68.36,7.17" target="#b59">(Sheng et al., 2011)</ref>. To create the prior growth variable, average revenue and employment growth rates for three years prior to the survey data collection were constructed, and these were standardized and summed. Founder's age was measured as the number of years of age of the entrepreneur, and the entrepreneur's educational attainment was coded as 1 = "high school," 2 = "Higher National Diploma," 3 = "bachelor's degree," 4 = "master's degree," or 5 = "doctoral degree." To measure entrepreneurial experience, the respondents were asked to state the number of previous firms they had founded <ref type="bibr" coords="4,465.05,630.53,82.93,7.17" target="#b36">(Hmieleski et al., 2013)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.3.">Validity and reliability tests</head><p>This study statistically tested for potential common method bias in the data by following the procedures recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,523.61,687.45,34.02,7.17;4,306.59,697.88,52.18,7.17" target="#b21">Cote and Buckley (1987)</ref>. Accordingly, three competing method models <ref type="table" coords="4,525.71,697.88,31.97,7.17" target="#tab_0">(Table 2)</ref> were estimated. First, a trait-only model in which all indicators loaded on a single latent factor was estimated. Second, a method-only model in which each indicator is allowed to load on its respective latent factor was introduced. <ref type="table" coords="4,62.42,60.87,22.56,5.74">Table 1</ref> Constructs, measurement items and reliability and validity tests.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Item description Loadings (t-values)</head><p>Improvisational behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="4,136.69,102.88,74.74,5.73" target="#b34">(Hmieleski &amp; Corbett, 2006</ref> Third, this study examined a method and trait model involving a common factor linking all of the indicators in Model 2. To test for potential common method bias, this study compared all three models. The results show that Model 2 and Model 3 are better than Model 1. Additionally, the results reveal that Model 3 is not significantly superior to Model 2. The results provide support to argue that common method bias did not influence the study's data.</p><p>Subsequently, the maximum likelihood estimation method and covariance matrix are used to examine the psychometric properties of all the multi-item scales in confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) using the LISREL 8.5 software package for the analyses. CFA was used to detect any problematic indicators of the study's constructs. The results of the CFA reveal that item loadings were in their hypothesized direction and are positive and significant, confirming the convergent validity of the measures. In addition, the Cronbach's Alpha reliability, composite reliability and discriminant validity of the measures are deemed acceptable <ref type="bibr" coords="5,58.11,343.21,70.85,7.17" target="#b5">(Bagozzi &amp; Yi, 2012)</ref>. Moreover, each factor loading exceeds the suggested cut-off value of 0.40 and is significant at p ˂ 0.001, indicating convergent validity of the scales (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,179.38,364.13,91.16,7.17" target="#b2">Anderson &amp; Gerbing, 1988</ref>). In addition, average variance extracted (AVE) was inspected, and the results show that each AVE is higher than 0.50 and larger than the squared correlation between each pair of constructs <ref type="bibr" coords="5,240.14,395.48,48.52,7.17;5,37.59,405.96,19.32,7.17" target="#b5">(Bagozzi &amp; Yi, 2012)</ref>.</p><p>Following the assessment of the psychometric properties of all the multi-item scales, the fit of the measurement model using a number of fit heuristics is assessed. The overall fit of the CFA measurement model is considered acceptable given the following output: χ 2 /df = 1902.50/ 1585; Δχ 2 /Δdf = 1.20; RMSEA = 0.05; NNFI = 0.94; CFI = 0.93; and SRMSR = 0.05. Thus, the model provides support for the robustness of the measurement items used <ref type="bibr" coords="5,141.90,479.16,42.91,7.17" target="#b54">(Ping, 2004)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Results</head><p>To test the hypotheses of the study, a moderated hierarchical regression was used. Under the hierarchical regression procedure, all of the variables were entered sequentially in order to investigate whether the next higher-order interaction(s) account for a statistically significant difference in the total explained variance <ref type="bibr" coords="5,211.52,572.36,77.12,7.17;5,37.59,582.79,19.32,7.17" target="#b69">(Wiklund &amp; Shepherd, 2005)</ref>. To attenuate potential multicollinearity concerns, all of the variables involved in interaction analysis were mean-centered prior to model estimation. The variance inflation factors (VIF) for all the regression models were then calculated. The highest VIF value of 3.08 was lower than the recommended threshold value of 10. Thus, the results suggest that multicollinearity problems did not affect the study's data <ref type="bibr" coords="5,55.56,645.55,73.63,7.17" target="#b0">(Aiken &amp; West, 1991)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="5,50.06,656.04,28.12,7.17" target="#tab_1">Table 3</ref> presents the correlations and descriptive statistics. New venture performance correlates significantly and positively with entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior, as well as with financial resource capability and perceived institutional support. This suggests that the true values of these variables are not concealed by other variables in the study <ref type="bibr" coords="5,72.28,708.37,52.84,7.17" target="#b66">(Warner, 2013)</ref>. As indicated by the findings of the study, the independent variables relate significantly to the dependent variable (new venture performance) in the regression analysis in <ref type="table" coords="5,235.39,729.28,53.22,7.17;5,37.59,739.72,6.46,7.17" target="#tab_1">Table 4 (Model  3)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="5,319.07,59.80,26.53,7.17" target="#tab_2">Table 4</ref> reports the regression results. Model 1 includes the control variables. Model 2 adds improvisational behavior. Model 3 also adds financial resource capability, perceived institutional support and the interaction between financial resource capability and institutional support. Model 4 includes the interaction of improvisational behavior and financial resource capability, while Model 5 adds the interaction between improvisational behavior and perceived institutional support. Lastly, Model 6 includes a three-way interaction between improvisational behavior, financial resource capability and perceived institutional support. The results are discussed in terms of specific hypotheses.</p><p>Although this study did not specify any direct relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance, the findings show a positive and significant relationship (β = 0.18, p &lt; 0.01). Hypothesis 1 proposes that a high degree of financial resource capability positively moderates the relationship between an entrepreneur's improvisational behavior and new venture performance. Model 4 tests this hypothesis by adding the interaction terms between financial resource capability and new venture performance, calculated by multiplying the mean-centered financial resource capability and new venture performance scores for each firm. The results show that a high degree of financial resource capability positively moderates the improvisational behavior and new venture performance relationship (β = 0.49, p &lt; 0.01). Based on the results of Model 4, Hypothesis 1 is confirmed.</p><p>Hypothesis 2 states that perceived institutional support moderates the relation between improvisational behavior and new venture performance. As shown in Model 5 of <ref type="table" coords="5,442.21,331.76,26.94,7.17" target="#tab_2">Table 4</ref>, perceived institutional support moderates the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture firm performance (β = 0.44, p &lt; 0.01). Thus, the results provide support for Hypothesis 2.</p><p>Following the procedure recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,469.82,373.59,87.82,7.17;5,306.60,384.03,46.34,7.17" target="#b19">Cohen, Cohen, West, and Aiken (2003)</ref>, the interactions are plotted at ± 1 s.d. to facilitate interpretation. As shown in <ref type="figure" coords="5,400.82,394.51,19.39,7.17">Fig. 2</ref>, a high degree of improvisational behavior and greater levels of financial resource capability generate higher performance relative to counterparts with low improvisational behavior and low financial resource capability. The implication of these results is that new ventures, which tend to have a strong financial resource, are more likely to increase performance in association with entrepreneurs who tend to highly improvise, whereas this relationship is less pronounced for firms that tend to have a lower degree of financial resource capability. In addition, <ref type="figure" coords="5,427.52,478.19,21.43,7.17" target="#fig_2">Fig. 3</ref> shows that a high degree of improvisational behavior and greater levels of institutional support generate higher performance relative to counterparts with low improvisational behavior and less institutional support.</p><p>In a post hoc test, the effect of a three-way interaction between improvisational behavior, financial resource capability and institutional support on new venture performance is investigated in Model 6. The coefficient of the three-way interaction term is significant (β = 0.63, ˂0.01), and the significant change in R 2 demonstrates a significant improvement in model fit from Model 5 to Model 6, suggesting that the three-way interaction term provides an additional explanation of the variation in new venture performance. Because of the difficulty in interpreting a three-way interaction solely from the coefficient value, <ref type="figure" coords="5,306.60,614.20,20.98,7.17" target="#fig_4">Fig. 4</ref> plots the three-way interaction, again following the procedure outlined by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,349.85,624.63,67.99,7.17" target="#b19">Cohen et al. (2003)</ref>. The results indicate that new venture performance increases significantly at increasing levels of improvisational behavior, financial resource capability and institutional support. On the contrary, under conditions of low improvisational behavior, low financial resources and low institutional support, new venture performance is significantly reduced.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">Discussion and implications</head><p>This study sought to answer one primary research question: How do financial resource capability and perceived institutional support influence the performance benefits of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior? Specifically, using arguments from the institutional theory <ref type="bibr" coords="6,37.59,245.81,45.31,7.17" target="#b51">(North, 1990</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,90.48,245.81,16.72,7.17" target="#b52">(North, , 2005</ref> and financial slack perspectives <ref type="bibr" coords="6,233.29,245.81,55.35,7.17;6,37.59,256.24,19.32,7.17" target="#b42">(Kraatz &amp; Zajac, 2001)</ref>, this study argues that firms led by highly improvised entrepreneurs are more likely to achieve success when financial resources are readily available. In addition, this paper contends that highly improvised entrepreneurs are likely to achieve success when they perceive the environment to be institutionally supportive. The results of the empirical analysis provide support for the argument that the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance is moderated by financial resource capability and institutional support.</p><p>The results contribute to the entrepreneurship literature in several ways. First, this study shows that the potency of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior in driving performance is contingent on a firm's financial resource capability and institutional support. Specifically, this finding sheds light on the question of when entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior actually relates to new venture performance. The outcomes reported above show that entrepreneurial improvisation significantly and positively affects new venture performance when there is greater availability of financial resources as well as institutional  support, at least in a developing economy situation. By this verification, this study helps to extend the frontiers of the extant entrepreneurship literature, which considers improvisational behavior as a crucial element in entrepreneurial decision-making (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,222.07,495.66,66.58,7.17;7,37.59,506.14,20.14,7.17" target="#b24">Crossan &amp; Sorrenti, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,59.92,506.14,79.16,7.17" target="#b36">Hmieleski et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,141.22,506.14,64.98,7.17" target="#b46">Miner et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,208.34,506.14,76.47,7.17" target="#b65">Vera &amp; Crosson, 2005)</ref>.</p><p>Second, the results broaden the scholarly understanding of the complex processes through which individual-level variables (improvisational behavior), environmental context (institutional support) and firm-level variables (financial resources capability) interactively influence firm-level outcomes such as venture performance. Understanding these processes has been recognized as a crucial task in entrepreneurship research (e.g., . Thus, this study contributes to the progress of this task by illuminating a scholarly understanding of the mechanisms through which entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior, institutional support and financial resource capability interact to enhance performance in new ventures.</p><p>Third, this study contributes to building the upper echelons theory. Specifically, it extends previous literature with respect to individual entrepreneurs' efforts in enhancing venture performance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,265.61,652.58,23.04,7.17;7,37.59,663.07,88.34,7.17" target="#b13">Baron, Tang, &amp; Hmieleski, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,128.24,663.07,60.14,7.17" target="#b31">Hambrick, 2007)</ref> and responds to recent calls to interactively examine individual, firm-level and environmental factors underlying venture performance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,192.70,683.99,95.95,7.17;7,37.59,694.42,19.32,7.17" target="#b11">Baron, Hmieleski, &amp; Henry, 2012)</ref>. Earlier entrepreneurship work suggests that the entrepreneurial processes occur because people act to pursue opportunities (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,265.21,704.91,23.41,7.17;7,37.59,715.34,80.72,7.17" target="#b58">Shane, Locke, &amp; Collins, 2003)</ref>. This indicates that entrepreneurship is a deliberate and intentional process <ref type="bibr" coords="7,150.63,725.83,42.42,7.17" target="#b15">(Bird, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,195.25,725.83,93.39,7.17;7,37.59,736.26,19.32,7.17" target="#b43">Krueger, Reilly, &amp; Carsrud, 2000)</ref>. However, conditional factors such as the nature of the macro environment and resource constraints can also hamper entrepreneurs from executing their plans as initially intended <ref type="bibr" coords="7,485.29,70.23,72.36,7.17" target="#b6">(Baker et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.60,80.71,46.42,7.17" target="#b10">Baron, 2008)</ref>. This makes entrepreneurs deviate from their original plans in order to adapt to these conditions <ref type="bibr" coords="7,460.00,91.15,93.77,7.17" target="#b37">(Hmieleski &amp; Ensley, 2004)</ref>.</p><p>This study suggests that the ability to extemporaneously create and execute new plans to enhance venture performance is contingent on institutional support and financial resource capability. By showing the positive moderating effects of institutional support and financial resource capability on the relationship between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance, this study helps to incrementally extend the literature on upper echelons by empirically testing the effect of important environmental and firm-level variables on new venture performance.</p><p>Beyond its theoretical implications, this study has strong practical implications. First, it can guide new Ghanaian ventures to improve performance through the use of improvisational behavior, when the institutions are supportive to entrepreneurship development as well as when entrepreneurs have access to financial resources. The findings from the study indicate that high levels of institutional support and financial resource capability enhance the potency of entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior in driving new venture performance. The implication is that policy makers should design strategies to offer more support and provide financial access to entrepreneurs to encourage efforts to develop new ventures.</p><p>Second, this study shows that institutional context and access to financial resources increase entrepreneurs' potency to improvise in order to drive performance in new firms. Thus, it is crucial to observe that higher levels of financial resource availability and institutional support are advantageous when entrepreneurs need to alter their original plans in order to remain flexible. For example, when the environment is supportive and financial resources are available, entrepreneurs are motivated to take on bigger challenges in order to be creative. Thus, financial resource availability and institutional support can help entrepreneurs in developing greater entrepreneurial opportunities. These observations are particularly relevant for the survival and growth of new ventures in developing and emerging countries, given the traditionally poor institutional support (especially from governmental bodies) and more pronounced resource constraints in these markets compared to conditions in developed markets.</p><p>Third, this study has implications for angel investors and venture capitalists. That is, it may be crucial to understand when entrepreneurs are likely to be successful when they improvise. For example, investors are incentivised to invest in entrepreneurs whose strategic decisions will create growth companies that can generate greater income through trade sales <ref type="bibr" coords="7,348.09,520.03,59.12,7.17" target="#b28">(Gompers, 1996)</ref>. Overall, the importance of the research topic examined and the contexts of the study clearly underline the contribution of the study. In particular, they offer new theoretical and practical insights that help extend our current understanding of the relation between entrepreneurial improvisation behavior and new venture performance, especially in developing economies.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.">Limitations and further research directions</head><p>In spite of its contributions, this study has some limitations that can offer opportunities for future research. First, this study did not control for certain individual-level variables that may influence the research model. For example, other individual characteristics, such as ambiguity tolerance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,367.60,656.03,78.45,7.17" target="#b14">Begley &amp; Boyd, 1988)</ref> or internal locus of control <ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.60,666.47,75.68,7.17" target="#b39">(Judge &amp; Bono, 2001)</ref>, personal initiative <ref type="bibr" coords="7,458.19,666.47,78.75,7.17" target="#b17">(Bledow &amp; Frese, 2009</ref>) and energy <ref type="bibr" coords="7,334.54,676.95,93.03,7.17" target="#b4">(Atwater &amp; Carmeli, 2009)</ref>, may provide alternative explanations for the hypothesized relationships. As a result, this study recommends future research on improvisational behavior to include these variables as controls.</p><p>Second, this study was conducted in the empirical context of new manufacturing ventures in Ghana, so the findings must be evaluated in the context of an emerging society. Although Ghana shares many  High improvisational behavior New venture performance <ref type="bibr" coords="7,202.06,284.00,7.63,5.75" target="#b49">(1)</ref> High financial resource capability, High institutional support (2) High financial resource capability, Low institutional support (3) Low financial resource capability, High institutional support (4) Low financial resource capability, Low institutional support characteristics with other emerging economies and thus offers a rich context in which to test the impact of entrepreneurial behavior theories from a developing economy perspective, other developing countries may possess some unique and varied contextual elements that may reveal additional insights for theory development and practice.</p><p>Third, self-reported and perceptual measures are used for new venture performance. This has the potential to introduce respondent bias into the sample. Therefore, future research may make use of secondary sources of financial information. Fourth, the specific nature of this study's sample (entrepreneurs leading new ventures) limits the extent to which our findings can be generalized to other individuals and organizations. Therefore, the study's results are not informative regarding populations with large, old firms. Although there is no strong reason to assume that similar findings would not occur for entrepreneurs in other types of firms, entrepreneurs in old and large firms may not typically need to change course from their original plans, and these entrepreneurs may be inflexible in terms of their strategic plans for growth. In this light, this study encourages additional research that makes use of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Finally, the items measuring institutional support are insufficient, as issues such as rule of law, property rights, etc., were not captured in the questionnaire. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,71.83,277.69,3.36,4.78" target="#b49">1</ref> Future studies should include these items in measuring institutional support.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="7.">Conclusion</head><p>This study proposed that the link between entrepreneurs' improvisational behavior and new venture performance would be moderated by financial resource capability. Furthermore, this study argued that when an institutional environment is perceived to be supportive, the potency of improvisational behavior in driving a firm's success would be stronger. The results show that both financial resource capability and institutional support positively moderate the link between improvisational behavior and new venture performance. Overall, the findings of this study provide a more nuanced explanation of the conditions under which improvisational behavior drives firm success.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,376.84,737.56,110.54,5.74"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Conceptual model of the study.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="4,211.43,102.37,106.96,6.38;4,74.78,111.44,107.79,5.73;4,472.82,111.44,33.44,5.73;4,74.78,120.06,164.79,5.73;4,472.82,120.06,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,128.62,232.86,5.73;4,472.83,128.62,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,137.18,193.20,5.73;4,472.82,137.18,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,145.74,94.88,5.73;4,472.82,145.74,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,154.30,112.60,5.73;4,472.82,154.30,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,162.86,142.24,5.73;4,472.82,162.86,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,170.91,136.12,6.38;4,472.82,171.42,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,179.47,155.55,6.38;4,472.82,179.98,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,188.60,74.45,5.73;4,472.82,188.60,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,197.16,177.17,5.73;4,472.82,197.16,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,205.72,171.87,5.73;4,472.82,205.72,35.58,5.73;4,68.37,213.77,320.77,6.38;4,74.78,222.33,227.21,6.38;4,472.83,222.84,33.44,5.73;4,74.78,230.89,238.95,6.38;4,472.83,231.40,30.19,5.73;4,74.78,239.45,232.94,6.38;4,472.83,239.96,30.19,5.73;4,74.78,248.01,253.09,6.38;4,472.83,248.52,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,256.63,250.97,6.38;4,472.83,257.14,30.19,5.73;4,68.37,265.19,225.58,6.38;4,74.78,274.26,198.54,5.73;4,472.83,274.26,33.43,5.73;4,74.78,282.82,204.45,5.73;4,472.83,282.82,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,291.38,201.85,5.73;4,472.83,291.38,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,299.94,162.68,5.73;4,472.82,299.94,35.58,5.73;4,68.37,307.99,295.03,6.38;4,74.78,317.12,35.93,5.73;4,472.82,317.12,33.44,5.73;4,74.78,325.68,42.52,5.73;4,472.82,325.68,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,334.24,63.58,5.73;4,472.82,334.24,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,342.80,39.20,5.73;4,472.82,342.80,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,351.36,46.13,5.73;4,472.82,351.36,31.99,5.73;4,74.78,359.92,58.15,5.73;4,472.82,359.92,35.58,5.73;4,74.78,368.48,38.37,5.73;4,472.82,368.48,35.58,5.73;4,62.42,386.34,70.21,5.73"><head>0</head><label>0</label><figDesc>take risks in terms of producing new ideas in completing projects 0.83 (12.47) -I need pressure in order to focus 0.79 (15.87) -I seek out pressure-filled environments 0.92 (16.99) -I wait until the last moment to complete projects 0.97 (18.81) -I "think on my feet" when carrying out actions 0.85 (16.73) -I respond to problems in a "spur of the moment" way 0.88 (16.34) -I am not easily distracted 0.83 (12.78) -Nothing is more important than the achievement of my goals 0.74 (11.12) -During a catastrophe, I am likely to adopt a leadership role 0.69 (10.71) Financial resource capability (Cooper et al., 1994; Wiklund &amp; Shepherd, 2005): α = 0.89; CR = 0.88; AVE = 0.59 -We are satisfied with the financial capital available for the business operations 0.72 (fixed) -Our company has easy access to financial capital to support its business operations 85 (15.70) -Our business operations are better financed than our key competitors' operations 88 (17.62) -If we need more financial assistance for our business operations, we can easily obtain it 0.91 (19.45) -We are able to obtain financial resources at short notice to support business operations 73 (12.19) Institutional support (Turker &amp; Selçuk, 2009): α = 0.85; CR = 0.87; AVE = 0.54 -In Ghana, entrepreneurs are encouraged by an institutional structure 0.64 (fixed) -The Ghanaian economy provides many opportunities for entrepreneurs 0.81 (23.33) -Taking out bank loans is quite difficult for entrepreneurs in Ghana (r) 0.75 (17.22) -Ghanaian state laws are averse to running a business (r) 0.90 (29.44) New venture performance (Luk et al., 2008; Sheng, Zhou, &amp; Li, 2011): α = 0.92; CR = 0.94; AVE =</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="7,37.59,220.63,251.09,5.74;7,37.59,229.64,61.05,5.73"><head>Fig. 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Interaction effect of improvisational behavior with institutional support on new venture performance.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="7,37.59,431.64,251.05,6.38;7,37.59,441.22,144.05,5.73"><head>Fig. 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Interaction effect of improvisational behavior, financial resource capability and institutional support on new venture performance.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="5,37.59,60.87,251.08,100.81"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Common method bias nested models: goodness-of-fit statistics.</figDesc><table coords="5,37.59,84.97,251.08,76.70">Model 
χ 2 
df 
χ 2 /df 
RMSEA 
CFI 
NNFI 
GFI 

M1: trait 
9855.22 ⁎⁎⁎ 
1807 
5.45 
0.182 
0.48 
0.29 
0.79 
M2: method 
1822.24 ⁎⁎⁎ 
1023 
1.78 
0.044 
0.89 
0.90 
0.61 
M3: trait-method 
1219.43 ⁎⁎⁎ 
1002 
1.22 
0.02 
0.97 
0.96 
0.95 

df, degrees of freedom; RMSEA = root mean square error of approximation; 
CFI = comparative fit index; NNFI = non-normed fit index; GFI = goodness of fit index. 
⁎⁎⁎ p &lt; 0.001. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="6,37.58,60.87,514.07,160.47"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics and correlations (square roots of AVE in diagonal).</figDesc><table coords="6,37.58,86.38,514.07,134.96">Variables 
Mean 
S.D. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 

1. 
Firm size 
15.62 
3.89 
2. 
Firm age 
7.22 
1.21 
−0.05 ⁎ 
3. 
Prior growth 
11.23 
2.18 
0.16 ⁎⁎ 
−0.12 ⁎ 
4. 
Founder's age 
50.21 
14.20 
−0.01 
−0.02 
−0.15 ⁎⁎ 
5. 
Education 
2.96 
1.18 
0.11 ⁎ 
0.15 ⁎⁎ 
0.11 ⁎ 
0.00 
6. 
Entrepreneurial experience 
0.95 
1.2 
0.20 ⁎⁎ 
0.23 ⁎⁎ 
0.25 ⁎⁎ 
0.33 ⁎⁎ 
7. 
Financial resource capability 
5.70 
2.41 
0.14 ⁎⁎ 
0.24 ⁎⁎ 
0.20 ⁎⁎ 
0.14 ⁎⁎ 
− 0.06 ⁎ 
0.04 
(0.76) 
8. 
Institutional support 
3.68 
1.34 
−0.07 ⁎ 
−0.12 ⁎⁎ 
0.15 ⁎⁎ 
0.11 ⁎ 
0.01 
0.00 
0.04 
(0.73) 
9. 
Improvisational behavior 
5.42 
1.08 
0.09 ⁎ 
0.00 
0.22 ⁎⁎ 
0.33 ⁎⁎ 
0.18 ⁎⁎ 
0.19 ⁎⁎ 
0.37 ⁎⁎ 
0.31 ⁎⁎ 
(0.86) 
10. 
New venture performance 
4.96 
1.35 
−0.04 
−0.05 
−0.14 ⁎ 
0.04 
0.36 ⁎⁎ 
0.25 ⁎⁎ 
0.28 ⁎⁎ 
0.29 ⁎⁎ 
0.35 ⁎⁎ 
(0.80) 

N = 395; S.D. = standard deviation. 
⁎ p ˂ 0.05 (2-tailed test). 
⁎⁎ p ˂ 0.01 (2-tailed test). 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="6,37.59,234.55,520.04,511.97"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Results of standardized moderated hierarchical regression analyses.Fig. 2. Interaction effect of improvisational behavior with financial resource capability on new venture performance.</figDesc><table coords="6,37.59,234.55,511.11,511.97">Independent variables 
Dependent variable: New venture performance (N = 395) 

Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 
Model 5 
Model 6 

Control variables 
Firm age (years) 
− 0.09 ⁎ 
− 0.08 ⁎ 
−0.06 ⁎ 
−0.05 
−0.04 
−0.08 ⁎ 
Firm size (employees) 
− 0.05 ⁎ 
− 0.02 
−0.09 ⁎ 
−0.04 
−0.03 
−0.07 ⁎ 
Prior growth 
− 0.06 ⁎ 
− 08 ⁎ 
−0.11 ⁎ 
−0.09 ⁎ 
−0.11 ⁎ 
−0.14 ⁎⁎ 
Founder's age 
0.04 
0.12 ⁎ 
0.11 ⁎ 
0.09 ⁎ 
0.06 ⁎ 
0.14 ⁎⁎ 
Education 
0.06 ⁎ 
0.05 
0.03 
0.09 ⁎ 
0.02 
0.07 ⁎ 
Entrepreneurial experience 
0.21 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.13 ⁎⁎ 
0.08 ⁎ 
0.12 ⁎ 
0.17 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Direct effects 
Improvisational behavior (IB) 
0.18 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.16 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.22 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.26 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Financial resource capability (FRC) 
0.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.20 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.16 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.22 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Institutional support (IS) 
0.17 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.15 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
FRC × IS 
0.25 ⁎⁎⁎ 
27 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.22 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.29 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Moderating effects 
H 1 : IB × FRC 
0.49 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.47 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.51 ⁎⁎⁎ 
H 2 : IB × IS 
0.44 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.46 ⁎⁎⁎ 
IB × FRC × IS 
0.63 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Model fit statistics 
F-value 
3.0 ⁎⁎⁎ 
3.5 ⁎⁎⁎ 
3.7 ⁎⁎⁎ 
6.9 ⁎⁎⁎ 
7.04 ⁎⁎⁎ 
7.55 ⁎⁎⁎ 
R 2 
0.11 
0.14 
0.24 
0.38 
0.42 
0.47 
ΔR 2 
-
0.05 ⁎ 
0.06 ⁎ 
0.09 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.11 ⁎⁎⁎ 
0.15 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Largest VIF 
1.35 
1.27 
1.25 
3.08 
1.33 
2.05 

Critical t-values are 2.325, 1.645 and 1.282, respectively (one-tailed test, as all hypotheses are one-directional). 
⁎⁎⁎ p &lt; 0.01. 
⁎⁎ p &lt; 0.05. 
⁎ p &lt; 0.10. 

1 

1.5 

2 

2.5 

3 

3.5 

4 

4.5 

5 

Low improvisational 
behavior 

High improvisational 
behavior 
New venture performance 

Low financial 
resource capability 
High financial 
resource capability 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,468.83,232.11,5.73;8,49.55,476.77,59.44,5.73" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple regression testing and interpreting interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<pubPlace>Newbury Park; Sage</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,484.76,244.85,5.73;8,49.55,492.70,239.10,5.73" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multi-dimensionality of learning in new product development teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Akgun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Reily</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Innovation Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,500.69,245.41,5.73;8,49.55,508.69,239.10,5.73" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural equation modeling in practice: A review and recommended two-step approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Gerbing</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="411" to="423" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,516.62,243.99,5.73;8,49.55,524.62,132.63,5.73" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating non-response bias in mail surveys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Armstrong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Overton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="396" to="402" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,532.55,250.45,5.73;8,49.55,540.55,200.03,5.73" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leader-member exchange, feelings of energy, and involvement in creative work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Atwater</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Carmeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Leadership Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="264" to="275" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,548.48,251.06,5.73;8,49.55,556.48,212.56,5.73" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Specification, evaluation, and interpretation of structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bagozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Yi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,563.96,241.43,6.38;8,49.55,572.41,233.42,5.73;8,49.55,580.40,45.89,5.73" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvising firms: Bricolage, account giving and improvisational competencies in the founding process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Miner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Eesley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="276" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,588.34,250.24,5.73;8,49.55,596.33,222.63,5.73;8,49.55,604.33,26.50,5.73" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Creating something from nothing: Resource construction through entrepreneurial bricolage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="329" to="366" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.59,612.26,250.79,5.73;8,49.55,620.26,238.51,5.73;8,49.55,628.19,155.42,5.73" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Salesperson improvisation: Antecedents, performance outcomes, and boundary conditions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Banin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Boso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hultman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Souchon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hughes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Nemkova</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="120" to="130" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.58,636.19,242.47,5.73;8,49.55,644.12,83.93,5.73" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Firm resources and sustained competitive advantage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Barney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="771" to="792" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.58,652.12,232.38,5.73;8,49.55,660.11,104.79,5.73" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of affect in the entrepreneurial process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="328" to="340" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.58,668.05,247.06,5.73;8,49.55,675.53,222.35,6.38;8,49.55,683.98,99.86,5.73" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurs&apos; dispositional positive affect: The potential benefits-and potential costs-of being &apos;up</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Henry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="310" to="324" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,37.58,691.46,251.06,6.38;8,49.55,699.96,239.10,5.74;8,49.55,707.91,68.39,5.73" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of entrepreneurs in firm-level innovation: Joint effects of positive affect, creativity, and environmental dynamism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,57.86,234.58,6.38;8,318.56,65.80,227.26,6.38;8,318.56,74.30,66.58,5.73" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The downside of being &apos;up:&apos; entrepreneurs&apos; dispositional affect and firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="119" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,82.24,245.65,5.73;8,318.56,89.72,218.91,6.38;8,318.56,98.23,64.88,5.73" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Psychological characteristics associated with performance in entrepreneurial firms and smaller businesses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Begley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Boyd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,106.16,251.02,5.73;8,318.56,114.16,143.62,5.73" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The operation of intentions in time: The emergence of the new venture</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bird</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,122.09,201.11,5.73" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Exchange and power in social life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1964" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,130.09,251.04,5.73;8,318.56,138.02,189.89,5.73" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A situational judgment test of personal initiative and its relationship to performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bledow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Frese</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personnel Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="258" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,146.02,250.35,5.73;8,318.56,154.01,215.49,5.73;8,318.56,161.95,33.70,5.73" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurial passion as mediator of the self-efficacy to persistence relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Cardon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Kirk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1029" to="1050" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,169.94,246.40,5.73;8,318.56,177.88,237.91,5.73" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied multiple regression/correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New Jersey</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd Ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,185.36,246.29,6.38;8,318.56,193.86,239.07,5.73;8,318.56,201.80,26.50,5.73" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Initial human and financial capital as predictors of new venture performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gimeno-Gascon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Woo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="371" to="395" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,209.80,235.01,5.73;8,318.56,217.73,233.24,5.73;8,318.56,225.73,45.89,5.73" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating trait, method, and error variance: Generalizing across 70 construct validation studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Buckley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="318" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,233.66,251.05,5.73;8,318.56,241.66,178.15,5.73" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Top management decision sharing and adherence to plans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Covin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Slevin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Schultz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,249.65,243.23,5.73;8,318.56,257.59,181.95,5.73" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Time and organizational improvisation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Crossan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Da Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,265.58,235.70,5.73;8,318.56,273.52,108.93,5.73" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making sense of improvisation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Crossan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sorrenti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Strategic Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="180" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,281.52,232.80,5.73" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Marketing management (2nd edn)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Dryden Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,289.51,251.03,5.73;8,318.56,297.45,38.69,5.73" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Entrepreneurship: Strategies and resources</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dollinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Prentice-Hall</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Upper Saddle River, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,305.44,248.64,5.73;8,318.56,313.38,230.51,5.73;8,318.56,321.37,22.92,5.73" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Accelerating adaptive processes: Product innovation in the global computer industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Eisenhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Tabrizi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="84" to="110" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.60,329.31,251.06,5.73;8,318.56,337.30,77.75,5.73" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Grandstanding in the venture capital industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gompers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="156" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,345.30,251.07,5.73;8,318.56,353.23,154.28,5.73" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic planning in a turbulent environment: Evidence from the oil majors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="491" to="517" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,361.23,251.05,5.73;8,318.56,369.16,221.61,5.73;8,318.56,377.16,26.50,5.73" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive trails in strategic decision-making: Linking theories of personalities and cognitions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Haley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stumpf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="477" to="497" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,385.15,240.58,5.73;8,318.56,393.09,68.56,5.73" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Upper echelons theory: An update</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hambrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="334" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,401.08,251.06,5.73;8,318.56,409.02,194.08,5.73" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Upper echelons: The organization as a reflection of its top managers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hambrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="206" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,417.01,238.75,5.73;8,318.56,424.95,102.18,5.73" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">E-business and small Ghanaian exporters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Sorensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Online Information Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="116" to="138" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,432.94,249.55,5.73;8,318.55,440.94,225.83,5.73" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Proclivity for improvisation as a predictor of entrepreneurial intentions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Corbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Small Business Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,448.87,238.43,5.73;8,318.55,456.87,228.22,5.73;8,318.55,464.80,225.12,5.73;8,318.55,472.80,26.50,5.73" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The contrasting interaction effects of improvisational behavior with entrepreneurial self-efficacy on new venture performance and entrepreneur work satisfaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Corbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="482" to="496" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,480.79,247.65,5.73;8,318.55,488.22,232.95,6.38;8,318.55,496.72,161.94,5.73" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurs&apos; improvisational behavior and firm performance: A study of dispositional and environmental moderators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Corbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="138" to="150" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,504.66,251.04,5.73;8,318.55,512.65,221.02,5.73" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An investigation of improvisation as a strategy for exploiting dynamic opportunities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hmieleski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ensley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Frontiers of Entrepreneurship</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Wellesley, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,520.65,248.46,5.73;8,318.56,528.59,237.50,5.73;8,318.56,536.58,70.72,5.73" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The new institutionalism in strategic management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ingram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Silverman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances strategic management</title>
		<editor>P. Ingram, &amp; B. S. Silverman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Greenwich, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="32" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,544.52,251.02,5.73;8,318.56,552.51,236.68,5.73;8,318.56,560.45,227.68,5.73;8,318.56,568.44,19.30,5.73" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship of core self-evaluations traits-self-esteem, generalized self-efficacy, locus of control, and emotional stability-with job satisfaction and job performance: A meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Judge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Bono</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,576.43,247.09,5.73;8,318.55,584.37,55.30,5.73" xml:id="b40">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Organizational improvisation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kamoche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. V.</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Routledge</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,592.36,225.28,5.73;8,318.55,600.30,179.68,5.73" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entry regulation as a barrier to entrepreneurship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Klapper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Laeven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Rajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="591" to="629" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,608.29,251.02,5.73;8,318.55,616.29,226.62,5.73;8,318.55,624.22,69.30,5.73" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How organizational resources affect strategic change and performance in turbulent environments: Theory and evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kraatz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Zajac</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="632" to="657" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,632.22,226.13,5.73;8,318.55,640.16,200.83,5.73" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Competing models of entrepreneurial intentions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Krueger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Reilly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Carsrud</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="411" to="432" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,648.15,251.08,5.73;8,318.55,656.09,233.90,5.73;8,318.55,664.08,159.22,5.73" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of social capital and organizational innovativeness in different institutional contexts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Luk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Yau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Sin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Tse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Chow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="589" to="612" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,672.07,247.10,5.73;8,318.55,680.01,197.60,5.73" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a synthesis of the resource-based and dynamic-capability views of rent creation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Makadok</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="387" to="402" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,688.00,233.31,5.73;8,318.55,695.43,205.25,6.38" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational improvisation and learning: A field study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Miner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bassof</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="304" to="337" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,703.93,244.99,5.73;8,318.55,711.93,166.13,5.73" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational improvisation and organizational memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Miner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="698" to="723" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.59,719.86,249.16,5.73;8,318.55,727.86,227.75,5.73;8,318.55,735.79,45.89,5.73" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Configurations of slack and their performance implications: An examination of high-tech IPOs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mousa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Marlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Decision</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="225" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,49.10,740.33,115.57,5.73" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">We thank a reviewer for this suggestion</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,58.37,251.07,5.73;9,49.55,66.31,87.27,5.73" xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Getting to plan B: Breaking through to a better business model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Mullins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Komisar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Harvard Business Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,74.30,247.60,5.73;9,49.55,82.24,80.24,5.73" xml:id="b51">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions, institutional change and economic performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,90.24,249.97,5.73;9,49.55,98.23,47.42,5.73" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Understanding the process of economic change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,106.17,242.45,5.73;9,49.55,114.16,16.18,5.73" xml:id="b53">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The theory of the growth of the business</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Penrose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1959" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,122.10,251.05,5.73;9,49.55,130.09,127.75,5.73" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On assuring valid measures for theoretical models using survey data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ping</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="125" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,138.03,251.08,5.73;9,49.55,146.02,237.91,5.73;9,49.55,154.01,131.27,5.73" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common method biases in behavioral research: A critical review of the literature and recommended remedies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,161.95,234.91,5.73;9,49.55,169.94,31.60,5.73" xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Strategies for change: Logical incrementalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Quinn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>Irwin Professional Publishing</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,177.88,251.05,5.73;9,49.55,185.87,239.13,5.73;9,49.55,193.87,132.46,5.73" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of perceived university support in the formation of students&apos; entrepreneurial intention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Saeed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yousafzai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Yani-De-Soriano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muffatto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Small Business Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1127" to="1145" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,201.81,236.23,5.73;9,49.55,209.80,130.64,5.73" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurial motivation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Shane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Locke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Resource Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="279" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,217.23,251.07,6.38;9,49.55,225.73,198.96,5.73" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of business and political ties on firm performance: Evidence from China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,37.59,233.67,243.89,5.73;9,318.56,58.37,96.68,5.73" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Behavioral decision theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Slovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Fischhoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lichtenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.60,66.31,246.37,5.73;9,318.56,74.30,239.09,5.73;9,318.56,82.24,239.07,5.73;9,318.56,90.23,19.30,5.73" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvisation and entrepreneurial bricolage versus rationalisation: A case-based analysis of contrasting responses to economic instability in the UK brass musical instruments industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Blundel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of General Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="53" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.60,98.22,250.95,5.73;9,318.56,106.16,206.67,5.73" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Which factors affect entrepreneurial intention of university students</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Turker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Selçuk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of European Industrial Training</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="142" to="159" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,114.16,251.00,5.73;9,318.56,122.09,171.69,5.73" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Technological discontinuities and organizational environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tushman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="465" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,130.09,237.06,5.73;9,318.56,138.03,101.84,5.73" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rational choice and the framing of decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tversky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kahneman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="278" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,146.02,241.97,5.73;9,318.56,154.01,105.87,5.73" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvisation and innovative performance in teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Crosson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="224" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,161.95,251.06,5.73;9,318.56,169.95,114.15,5.73" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Applied statistics: From bivariate through multivariate techniques</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Los Angeles, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,177.88,251.00,5.73;9,318.56,185.88,65.73,5.73" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvisation as a mindset for organizational analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Weick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="543" to="555" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,193.87,220.22,5.73" xml:id="b68">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Making sense of the organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Weick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Blackwell</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Malden, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,201.81,238.01,5.73;9,318.56,209.80,239.10,5.73" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entrepreneurial orientation and small business performance: A configurational approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wiklund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Shepherd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,217.74,251.08,5.73;9,318.55,225.73,204.46,5.73" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What to do next? The case for non-predictive strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Wiltbank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Dew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Read</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sarasvathy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="981" to="998" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.59,233.67,213.58,5.73" xml:id="b71">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The little data book on Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">World</forename><surname>Bank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<pubPlace>Washington</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
