<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Can More Be Less? An Experimental Test of the Resource Curse</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2014">2014</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Omar</forename><surname>Al-Ubaydli</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Twieg</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Can More Be Less? An Experimental Test of the Resource Curse</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Experimental Political Science</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="58"/>
							<date type="published" when="2014">2014</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1017/xps.2014.4</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:53+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Resource curse</term>
					<term>institutions</term>
					<term>economic development</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Several scholars have argued that abundant natural resources can be harmful to economic performance under bad institutions and helpful when institutions are good. These arguments have either been theoretical or based on naturally occurring variation in natural resource wealth. We test this theory by using a laboratory experiment to reap the benefits of randomized control. We conduct this experiment in a virtual world (Second Life TM ) to make institutions more visceral. We find support for the theory.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Can a nation ever find itself regretting discovering some of its natural resources? Many have posed this question after witnessing the hardship in resource-rich countries such as Libya or Iraq. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,192.52,352.87,109.11,9.09" target="#b48">Sachs and Warner (1995)</ref> and a large literature have presented considerable evidence that natural resources can indeed be a curse for a variety of reasons, including diminished income growth, lower income, or adversely affected institutions <ref type="bibr" coords="1,176.77,388.74,61.19,9.09" target="#b26">(Frankel 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,240.47,388.74,44.08,9.09" target="#b47">Ross 2001)</ref>.</p><p>The focus of our study is the recently proposed, refined version of the resource curse, whereby the negative consequences of natural resources are restricted to economies with weak institutions <ref type="bibr" coords="1,192.82,432.58,133.98,9.09" target="#b1">(Acemoglu and Robinson 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,329.53,432.58,66.57,9.09;1,49.38,444.53,22.62,9.09" target="#b2">Acemoglu et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,76.22,444.53,74.46,9.09" target="#b4">Al-Ubaydli 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,154.91,444.53,113.25,9.09" target="#b14">Bulte and Damania 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,272.38,444.53,56.91,9.09" target="#b28">Hodler 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,333.50,444.53,62.57,9.09;1,49.38,456.48,22.62,9.09" target="#b35">Mehlum et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,75.92,456.48,55.56,9.09" target="#b42">Olsson 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,161.92,456.48,93.20,9.09" target="#b46">Robinson et al. 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,259.03,456.48,54.68,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,317.61,456.48,57.00,9.09" target="#b52">Vicente 2010)</ref>. We test a modified version of the <ref type="bibr" coords="2,166.03,56.99,58.27,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik (2002)</ref> model in a laboratory virtual world experiment. Players allocate their labor between production, which is positive-sum, and rent-seeking in the natural resource sector, which is zero-sum. If players play the symmetric Nash equilibrium, then resource booms attract labor away from the productive sector toward rent-seeking to such a degree that the aggregate income decreases-the resource curse. However, if players can establish institutions that promote cooperation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,126.89,128.72,54.92,9.09" target="#b37">(North 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,184.47,128.72,69.61,9.09" target="#b38">North et al. 2009</ref>), they can realize the benefits of a resource boom.</p><p>We vary two factors: natural resource income and the players' ability to communicate and monitor one another-the latter being a key determinant of the quality of institutions. We find strong support for the prediction that the resource curse arises only in economies with weak institutions. In general, we find evidence of a mild version of the resource curse, whereby groups with weak institutions tend to squander all the benefits of a resource boom and may even be harmed by it.</p><p>Previous empirical studies have failed to obtain exogenous variation in both of these explanatory variables, instead relying on potentially endogenous, naturally occurring variation (studies such as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.70,264.22,62.91,9.09" target="#b51">Tsui 2009, and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,255.74,264.22,88.65,9.09" target="#b0">Acemoglu et al. 2001</ref>, rely on plausibly exogenous variation but do not use it to study economic performance; also see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,73.55,288.12,93.73,9.09" target="#b20">Compton et al. 2010)</ref>. In fact, the empirical debate over how to best handle endogeneity has led to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,162.52,300.08,115.40,9.09" target="#b3">Alexeev and Conrad (2009)</ref> questioning whether the aggregate data even support the existence of a resource curse. This article has two main contributions. First, by using a laboratory experiment, we can implement randomized control in the explanatory variables of interest, guaranteeing exogenous variation (see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,196.28,355.87,123.39,9.09" target="#b33">Leibbrandt and Lynham 2013</ref>, for a complementary experimental investigation). Second, by allowing players to interact in a visceral environment (the Second Life TM virtual world), we can more fully explore the nuances of strong versus weak institutions. By providing clean evidence of the refined, institutions-mediated model of the resource curse, our article represents a significant step in our understanding of the economic impact of natural resources.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MODEL</head><p>The <ref type="bibr" coords="2,55.86,480.40,59.01,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik (2002)</ref> model is well suited for theoretically exploring the effect of natural resources on societal welfare. However, in its original form, the large number of players and the environment's complexity render it ill suited for a laboratory experiment. We modify the model, drawing heavily upon <ref type="bibr" coords="2,271.39,516.27,110.37,9.09" target="#b36">Morgan and Sefton (2000)</ref> and the rent-dissipation literature <ref type="bibr" coords="2,179.17,528.22,72.43,9.09" target="#b10">(Baye et al. 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,254.27,528.22,110.62,9.09" target="#b31">Knapp and Murphy 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,367.55,528.22,14.21,9.09;2,35.06,540.17,22.62,9.09" target="#b40">Nti 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,61.55,540.17,81.93,9.09" target="#b45">Potters et al. 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,147.34,540.17,58.63,9.09" target="#b50">Tullock 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,209.83,540.17,76.99,9.09" target="#b53">Walker et al. 1990</ref>). More generally, we are only testing one of several distinct causal mechanisms proposed by resource curse scholars. We restrict our attention to the institutions-mediated version of the resource curse to sharpen our focus and because of its suitability for laboratory experimentation.</p><p>The economy is populated by identical players, indexed by i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , n}, interacting for one period. Each has one unit of time to allocate between rentseeking pursuit of the natural resource (x i ) and production (1 − x i ). The economywide income from the natural resource is R &gt; 0, and i's share is equal to her share of the aggregate rent-seeking effort j x j . (If all choose x i = 0, then each gets (1/n)R.)</p><p>This implies a negative externality to allocating resources to the natural resource sector: i can only increase her share by decreasing that of others.</p><p>Production has a positive externality: For each unit of time that i allocates to production, she receives α &gt; 0 and each player j = i receives β &gt; 0. Thus i's payoff is</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="3,134.28,193.11,176.90,27.46">y i = α (1 − x i ) + β j =i 1 − x j + R x i j x j .</formula><p>Analogous results can be obtained by eliminating the positive externality in production and having a stronger negative externality in the natural resource sector, or by having increasing returns in the productive sector, similar to Torvik. (See the online Appendix for more on this.) Why should we expect strong negative externalities in the natural resource sector? Economists have long regarded a substantial proportion of natural resource income to be economic rent <ref type="bibr" coords="3,135.44,321.30,104.17,9.09" target="#b48">(Sachs and Warner 1995)</ref>, which invites zero-sum rent-seeking behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="3,89.02,333.25,43.17,9.09" target="#b40">(Nti 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,135.23,333.25,56.80,9.09" target="#b50">Tullock 1980)</ref>. The rent-seeking can become wasteful socially as the groups in control of the rent erect barriers to secure their position <ref type="bibr" coords="3,371.85,345.21,24.23,9.09;3,49.38,357.17,21.62,9.09" target="#b7">(Auty 2001)</ref>, and the conflict can become violent <ref type="bibr" coords="3,227.19,357.17,55.55,9.09" target="#b26">(Frankel 2010</ref>). Our precise specification is motivated by a desire to keep payoffs as simple as possible (for the purposes of running an experiment), subject to retaining the spirit of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,288.83,381.07,55.73,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik (2002)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Equilibrium</head><p>Let Y = i y i denote the gross domestic product (GDP). Each player chooses x i ∈ [0, 1] to maximize y i , given (x 1 , . . . , x i−1 , x i+1 , . . . , x n ). The maximand is smooth and strictly concave; assuming an interior solution, the unique symmetric Nash equilibrium is (see the online Appendix for all proofs)</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="3,66.11,489.98,313.24,24.02">x NE = (n − 1) R αn 2 , Y NE = 1 αn α − β (n − 1) 2 R + α 2 n 2 + αβ (n − 1) n 2 .</formula><p>In contrast, the symmetric Pareto efficient outcome is</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="3,125.79,540.42,193.88,11.39">x PE = 0, Y PE = (α + β (n − 1)) n + R &gt; Y NE .</formula><p>We refer to players who play the Nash equilibrium as non-cooperative players, players who play the Pareto efficient equilibrium as cooperative players, and an increase in R as a resource boom.</p><p>Proposition 1: In response to a resource boom (a) non-cooperative players increase rent-seeking, ∂x NE /∂R &gt; 0; (b) cooperative players do not alter their rent-seeking, ∂x PE /∂R = 0.</p><p>Resource booms increase the marginal private return to rent-seeking, but the marginal social return to rent-seeking is always zero, since rent-seeking is purely redistributive. The marginal private and social costs to rent-seeking are both positive and unaffected by R.</p><p>Proposition 2: In response to a resource boom (a) for a sufficiently large β, GDP in a non-cooperative economy will fall, ∂Y NE /∂R &lt; 0;</p><p>(b) GDP in a cooperative economy always increases one-on-one, ∂Y PE /∂R = 1 &gt; 0.</p><p>The marginal social cost to rent-seeking, α + (n − 1)β, exceeds the marginal private cost, α. When β is sufficiently large, the increased rent-seeking brought about by a resource boom actually decreases GDP in a non-cooperative economy, as too many resources are shifted from the positive-sum production sector to the zero-sum natural resource sector. In contrast, a cooperative economy reaps the full benefits of a resource boom.</p><p>Our goal is to investigate the possibility that an economy regrets a resource boom. The above version of the resource curse uses levels of GDP rather than, say, GDP's growth rate. We chose levels to simplify the theoretical exposition and to facilitate laboratory testing; however the thrust of the argument in <ref type="bibr" coords="4,272.86,361.85,61.72,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik (2002)</ref>-and hence our argument-does not depend upon any particular outcome variable.</p><p>If this game is repeated finitely with period-by-period payoff information, by backward induction, the symmetric Nash equilibrium, efficient play, and all the predictions are retained. The symmetric Nash equilibrium remains an equilibrium even if the game is repeated infinitely.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Institutions</head><p>The model's predictions hinge upon whether the players play cooperatively versus non-cooperatively. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,117.07,496.34,57.66,9.09" target="#b49">Torvik (2002)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,183.35,496.34,59.60,9.09" target="#b28">Hodler (2006)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,251.55,496.34,92.54,9.09" target="#b35">Mehlum et al. (2006)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,352.71,496.34,29.04,9.09;4,35.06,508.29,21.61,9.09" target="#b42">Olsson (2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,63.94,508.29,17.29,9.09" target="#b43">Olsson ( , 2007</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,92.83,508.29,111.92,9.09" target="#b14">Bulte and Damania (2008)</ref>, and Al-Ubaydli (2011) argue that this is determined by the quality of institutions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,210.30,520.25,49.91,9.09" target="#b37">(North 1990</ref>). Other models that predict an ambiguous effect of natural resources are <ref type="bibr" coords="4,220.48,532.21,92.21,9.09" target="#b2">Acemoglu et al. (2004)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.88,532.21,62.90,9.09;4,35.06,544.16,25.08,9.09" target="#b46">Robinson et al. (2005)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,67.99,544.16,137.45,9.09" target="#b1">Acemoglu and Robinson (2006)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="4,228.78,544.16,131.03,9.09" target="#b5">Andersen and Aslaksen (2008)</ref>, but they explore different mechanisms.</p><p>Players recognize that rent-seeking is inefficient, and they want to establish formal and informal rules that eliminate it. The rent-seeking effort can be extrajudicial violence or (corrupt) lobbying. In both cases, the government can play a key role in curtailing the rent-seeking by, for example, enforcing property rights, operating transparently, establishing rules that minimize corrupt practices and generally managing conflict in an effective manner, all of which equate to high-quality institutions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,99.59,104.81,72.50,9.09" target="#b38">(North et al. 2009</ref>).</p><p>How do good institutions come about? We will not tackle this sizeable topic comprehensively in this article <ref type="bibr" coords="5,184.27,136.69,137.10,9.09" target="#b1">(Acemoglu and Robinson 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,325.14,136.69,47.65,9.09" target="#b27">Greif 2006)</ref>. For the purposes of a laboratory experiment, a good departure point is <ref type="bibr" coords="5,332.31,148.65,59.61,9.09" target="#b44">Ostrom (2000)</ref>, which emphasizes cooperation and coordination. She concisely summarizes her findings in the form of several design principles:</p><p>r Clear boundary rules <ref type="bibr" coords="5,150.79,193.94,101.04,9.09" target="#b30">(Kimbrough et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,254.35,193.94,84.57,9.09" target="#b34">McCabe et al. 2011)</ref> r Clear usage rules r Participation by the individuals affected by the rules in rule-making r Selecting and holding the monitors accountable by the stakeholders r Graduated sanctions for rule-violation r Access to conflict-resolution arenas A common thread is the need for communication channels and monitoring mechanisms. Ostrom's fieldwork is complemented by a large experimental literature on the benefits of communication to cooperation and coordination <ref type="bibr" coords="5,345.48,313.96,50.59,9.09;5,49.38,325.91,64.34,9.09" target="#b12">(Blume and Ortmann 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,116.43,325.91,112.09,9.09" target="#b13">Brandts and Cooper 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,231.23,325.91,104.47,9.09" target="#b15">Burton and Sefton 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,338.41,325.91,57.69,9.09;5,49.38,337.87,69.27,9.09" target="#b17">Charness and Grosskopf 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,121.16,337.87,80.01,9.09" target="#b21">Cooper et al. 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,203.67,337.87,109.43,9.09" target="#b22">Duffy and Feltovich 2002)</ref>.</p><p>For the purposes of the present model, we can think of good institutions as being those that increase the likelihood of the players playing cooperatively. Good institutions include a clear allocation of property rights, which decreases the usefulness of violence and lobbying as a means of securing a larger share of the pie. They also include a strong sense of community and mutual affection among stakeholders, which limits selfish rent-seeking. Beyond this, they include punishment mechanisms that can further deter rent-seeking. In the online Appendix, we formally integrate institutions into our model and explain how communication channels can bring about good institutions. For now, in the interests of brevity, we focus on the result.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Proposition 3:</head><p>In repeated play, cooperative play is more likely the greater the opportunity to communicate and monitor.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>Each session has 12 players and proceeds in the following manner:</p><p>r Virtual world training Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/xps.2014.4 r Round 1: Play the main game in groups of 4 for 15 minutes with natural resource income R = r 1 .</p><p>r Round 2: Reassign to new groups of 4 and play the main game for 15 minutes.</p><p>For the first 7 1 / 2 minutes, R = r 1 ; for the next 7 1 / 2 minutes, R = r 2 = r 1 .</p><p>r Round 3: Reassign to new groups of 4 and play the main game for 15 minutes with R = r 2 .</p><p>To minimize noise, we made the experiment long enough to allow players to explore their environment and experiment with strategies. Players were anonymously assigned unique in-game names that they retained throughout the session. We reassigned groups to minimize the reputational transfer across rounds.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Parameters</head><p>Players played a continuous time version of the game in our model under a neutral frame (e.g., "Activity X" instead of "production") and with the following parameter values:</p><p>r Group size n = 4 r Private production return α = $800/minute r External production return β = $500/minute r Natural resource income: high r H = $4, 000/minute and low r L = $1, 200/minute r The support of x transformed to integers in the range [0, 100]</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="6,70.19,364.06,274.74,48.14">x NE L = 28, 1 n Y NE L = $1, 953/ min, 1 n Y PE L = $2, 600/ min x NE H = 94, 1 n Y NE H = $1, 144/min, 1 n Y PE H = $3, 300/min</formula><p>Under non-cooperative play, the resource curse will materialize (Y NE L &gt; Y NE H ). Under cooperative play, GDP per capita should increase by $700/min (27%) when R = r H . In each session, we randomly assigned r 1 = r H , r 2 = r L or the reverse. At the start, players learn r 1 , and they are informed that it may change, with any change being preceded by an announcement.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Information</head><p>Players receive continuous information about their payoff broken down into the amount they are earning from their production, the amount they are earning from others' production, and the amount they are earning from rent-seeking. This allows players to identify when others are rent-seeking without knowing the rentseeker's identity. To facilitate payoff calculations, players are continuously told how their payoff will change if they allocate one more/less unit to rent-seeking.</p><p>In principle, making this information so saliently available could induce players to change their rent-seeking with higher frequency than would be rational (especially in the no-comms treatment below, where there is less for players to do during a session).</p><p>We were unconcerned by this prospect because optimal rent-seeking was dependent on the choices of other players, which were themselves changing in real time, and so technically, it was optimal for players to regularly change their rent-seeking. Given the ample time afforded for experimentation, subjects will plausibly have inferred the importance of continually fine-tuning their rentseeking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Treatments</head><p>The first explanatory variable is natural resource income. All sessions experience within variation as it is shocked up or down halfway through round 2. We also have between session variation, with half the sessions starting with r 1 = r H = $4, 000 and the other half starting with r 1 = r L = $1200.</p><p>The second explanatory variable is the opportunity to communicate and monitor. Our baseline treatment is no comms, where players have no way of communicating. This corresponds to the poorest institutions and is designed to induce noncooperative play.</p><p>Our second treatment is partial comms. Players can communicate with fellow group members via a live chat interface for 2 minutes prior to the start of each round. It is common knowledge that once the round actually starts, the players will revert to the conditions in the baseline. This gives players an opportunity to establish some informal norms and to discuss optimal strategies. This treatment corresponds to (the opportunity for) an intermediate quality of institutions and is more likely to result in cooperative play than the no-comms treatment.</p><p>Our third treatment is full comms. In addition to the pre-round communication of the partial-comms treatment, players can chat throughout the 15 minutes of the round. Each player also has the ability to intermittently monitor the rent-seeking activities of two out of her three fellow group members. This gives players much more information on the distribution of rent-seeking, allows them to administer targeted verbal sanctions, helps create a sense of community and mutual affection, and provides a forum for discussing the best response to the natural resource shock in the middle of round 2. This corresponds to (the opportunity for) high-quality institutions and the best chance of cooperative play.</p><p>We chose not to run the additional treatments necessary to parse the role of communication vis-à-vis monitoring because it was not relevant to our main goal: demonstrating that under sufficiently poor institutions, the resource curse appears, and that under sufficiently good institutions, the resource curse is absent. The precise configuration of institutions at which the resource curse pendulum swings is a topic for future research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Figure 1 A Screenshot from the Experiment</head><p>This picture shows a subject's avatar, two monitoring beacons (the pillars) which can give information on rent-seeking, and the experimental HUD which displays information and allows for investments in rent-seeking to be made during the session. The monitoring beacon closest to the avatar lies in the player's area, and the other player's area lies behind a semi-transparent barrier (the horizontal lines). Thus neighboring players can see each other and can see when they are within range of the monitoring beacons (and hence are likely to be monitoring).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Virtual world environment</head><p>Each session was conducted using the virtual world of Second Life TM <ref type="bibr" coords="8,336.82,428.59,44.94,9.09;8,35.06,440.55,71.41,9.09" target="#b6">(Atlas and Putterman 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,110.05,440.55,87.08,9.09" target="#b19">Chesney et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,200.72,440.55,80.47,9.09">Fiedler et al. 2011)</ref>. Second Life TM places individual users into the role of controlling a graphical avatar and navigating and interacting with a three-dimensional spatial environment <ref type="figure" coords="8,275.94,464.45,37.36,9.09">(Figure 1</ref>).</p><p>Second Life TM was employed in this study in order to naturalistically implement many of the features outlined in <ref type="bibr" coords="8,187.49,496.34,62.24,9.09" target="#b44">Ostrom (2000)</ref>. It is possible to study how communication and monitoring interact with the institutions-mediated resource curse in an environment devoid of the visceral, visual elements inherent in Second Life TM , for example, using zTree <ref type="bibr" coords="8,180.76,532.21,80.40,9.09" target="#b25">(Fischbacher 2007)</ref>, though to the best of our knowledge, no such experiment has been done.</p><p>We regarded the visual aspects of Second Life TM as desirable because they reduce the social distance between subjects relative to traditional laboratory designs <ref type="bibr" coords="8,354.25,576.04,27.51,9.09;8,35.06,588.00,46.04,9.09" target="#b11">(Bente et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,83.80,588.00,78.83,9.09" target="#b24">Fielder et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,165.32,588.00,72.24,9.09" target="#b29">Kang et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,240.26,588.00,78.61,9.09" target="#b39">Nowak et al. 2005)</ref>. Low levels of The spatial layout of the experimental environment is depicted in <ref type="figure" coords="9,334.15,356.86,34.18,9.09" target="#fig_0">Figure 2</ref>. Each group interacted within a separate copy of this environment. It is divided into a central area, in which subject training occurs prior to the first experimental round, and four outer areas, each inhabited by one subject. Each subject is able to view its two adjacent neighbors and can check on these neighbors' rent-seeking at various times, depending on the treatment. Only one neighbor can be effectively monitored at a time, however, as subjects must travel from one side of their area to the other in order to monitor their other neighbor (this takes approximately 15 seconds).</p><p>This monitoring process is made especially salient via the fact that it not only involves the conveyance of information about rent-seeking behavior but also visual contact between subject avatars; previous studies have demonstrated the potential significance of visceral, visual cues of monitoring to cooperative decision-making <ref type="bibr" coords="9,49.38,508.30,86.23,9.09" target="#b9">(Bateson et al. 2006)</ref>. Furthermore, the ability to monitor only one neighbor at a time allowed for well-organized groups to devise collective monitoring strategiesin one group in particular it was suggested that each subject constantly monitors his or her left-hand neighbor to ensure that each subject was constantly monitoring (and being monitored by) another subject.</p><p>Even in sessions where the monitoring and communication options of subjects were limited, subjects would extensively move around and explore their respective areas. Furthermore, this movement ability afforded subjects a rudimentary capability for communication insofar as movement patterns could be used to communicate information to neighbors. For example, it was common for subjects to approach each other and mimic each other's movement patterns, perhaps as a sort of pro-social display <ref type="bibr" coords="10,141.56,104.81,75.46,9.09" target="#b32">(Lakin et al. 2003)</ref>. After one round in the partial-comms treatment, one subject commented, "i [sic] am pretty sure i [physically interacted] 1 with a fellow avatar last round through a transparent fence." Rent-seeking is selected using the heads-up display (HUD) depicted in the top-left corner of <ref type="figure" coords="10,75.70,160.60,33.96,9.09">Figure 1</ref>. The HUD also displays several additional pieces of information described above (absent in <ref type="figure" coords="10,147.99,172.56,35.37,9.09">Figure 1</ref> because the screenshot is from training).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Research Hypotheses</head><p>Our data permit us to examine the effect of a resource boom and a resource bust. For brevity, we formulate our hypotheses only in terms of booms.</p><p>Prediction 1: In response to a resource boom (a) under no comms, rent-seeking will increase; (b) under full comms, rent-seeking will be unchanged;</p><p>(c) the increase in rent-seeking will be larger in no comms vs. partial comms and in partial comms vs. full comms.</p><p>Prediction 2: In response to a resource boom (a) under no comms, GDP will decrease;</p><p>(b) under full comms, GDP will increase one-on-one; (c) the increase in GDP will be larger in full comms vs. partial comms and in partial comms vs. no comms.</p><p>Studies in the rent dissipation literature have presented data collected from similar environments. Our study differs in that we examine the comparative statics of the size of the prize, and we consider the relationship between rent seeking and social welfare, and how it is mediated by institutions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head><p>We ran 12 sessions in 2011. The sessions took place in the George Mason University Krasnow Institute laboratory. The sessions took 2 hours, and the average earning was $25. We collected data every 10 seconds. <ref type="table" coords="11,206.16,310.90,29.65,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> contains the main descriptive statistics where the averages are across players and time. <ref type="figure" coords="11,241.98,322.86,34.62,9.09">Figure 3</ref> gives us a sense of the overall dynamics of rent-seeking averaging across players in each treatment.</p><p>Rent-seeking is low at the start of a round because its default value is 0. Each panel of <ref type="figure" coords="11,87.02,366.69,35.78,9.09">Figure 3</ref> supports our main hypotheses based on within variation: In the absence of communication (solid line), when natural resource income is higher, so too is rent-seeking; when communication is permitted (dotted line), rent-seeking is low and unresponsive to natural resource income. Comparing the two panels of <ref type="figure" coords="11,49.38,414.51,35.58,9.09">Figure 3</ref> also supports our main hypotheses based on between variation. However the panels of <ref type="figure" coords="11,105.08,426.47,35.15,9.09">Figure 3</ref> are based on averages, and they conceal variation around the mean, to which we turn our attention now.</p><p>Halfway through round 2, natural resource income R is shocked from its initial value. For each group, we can calculate GDP per capita when R = $4, 000 and compare it to GDP per capita when R = $1, 200. In <ref type="figure" coords="11,269.39,482.26,71.44,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figures 4(a)-4(b)</ref>, we plot this difference by treatment for each of the 12 groups that experience this shock in each treatment.</p><p>For example, according to <ref type="figure" coords="11,171.00,526.10,38.67,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figure 4b</ref>, in the partial-comms treatment, 8 out of 12 groups had a higher GDP per capita when R = $4, 000 than when R = $1, 200. In all treatments, if rent-seeking does not change in response to a resource boom, then GDP per capita should increase by $700. Some groups experience a greater increase than $700 because they decrease their rent-seeking in response to a resource boom. We will further discuss <ref type="table" coords="11,147.11,585.87,30.36,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and <ref type="figure" coords="11,198.43,585.87,65.15,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figures 3 and 4</ref> later in our formal results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Figure 3 Summary Rent-Seeking Dynamics</head><p>The top (bottom) panel is for sessions where natural resource income started at the low (high) value. Each data series is based on averaging across 24 players (across 6 groups). Period denotes 10 second intervals, so that each 15 minute round has 90 periods. The middle of the second round sees the unannounced shock to natural resource income.   Round 2 Round 3 0-7 1 / 2 mins 7 1 / 2 -15 mins 0-7 1 / 2 mins 7 1 / 2 -15 mins 0-7 1 / 2 mins 7 1 / 2 -15 mins</p><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="14,62.25,113.15,279.03,7.97">t = 1 t = 2 t = 3 t = 4 t = 5 t = 6</formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data Structure and Empirical Strategy</head><p>We construct six observations per player per session by averaging each player's 45 minutes of data to two observations per player per round: one for the first 7 1 / 2 minutes and one for the last 7 1 / 2 minutes. Let t ∈ {1, 2, . . . , 6} denote the period; see <ref type="table" coords="14,35.06,196.11,28.87,9.09" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref>. (See the online Appendix for a fuller discussion, including the alternatives.)</p><p>Our main dependent variables are rent-seeking, x it , and earnings, y it , where i denotes player across all sessions, that is, i ∈ {1, 2, . . . , 144}; F j i is a player fixed effect that takes the value 1 when i = j and 0 otherwise; T s t is a time fixed effect that takes the value 1 when t = s and 0 otherwise; g(it) is a function denoting which of the 108 groups i finds herself in period t.</p><p>Let H it be a dummy variable that takes the value 1 when R = $4, 000 and 0 when R = $1, 200. Let D Partial it be a treatment dummy for partial comms, and let D Full it be a treatment dummy for full comms. We estimate the following econometric models:</p><formula xml:id="formula_5" coords="14,104.37,324.23,207.58,100.71">x it = a + b H H it + b Partial Int H it D Partial it + b Full Int H it D Full it + 144 j=2 b j F F j i + 6 s=2 b s T T s t + u g(it) + ε it , y it = a + b H H it + b Partial Int H it D Partial it + b Full Int H it D Full it + 144 j=2 b j F F j i + 6 s=2 b s T T s t + u g(it) + ε it ,</formula><p>where ε it is a white noise error term and u g(it) is a group cluster to capture correlation between decisions within a group. The player fixed effect is included to correct for within-player correlation. We exclude communication treatment variables because we include player fixed effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Main Results</head><p>Result 1a: Under no comms, rent-seeking increases in response to a resource boom. <ref type="table" coords="14,45.02,532.21,29.46,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and Model 1 in <ref type="table" coords="14,139.57,532.21,29.46,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> (which contains the regressions) confirm that under no comms, per capita rent-seeking increases by 35 (p &lt; .01), which is economically significant (larger than a standard deviation).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Result 1b:</head><p>Under full comms, rent-seeking slightly increases in response to a resource boom. Note: Asterisks denote significance: * = 10%, * * = 5%, * * * = 1%. All regressions include player fixed effects, time fixed effects, and clustering by group. <ref type="table" coords="15,59.35,237.31,30.75,9.09" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref> and Model 1 in <ref type="table" coords="15,161.60,237.31,30.75,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> confirm that under full comms, per capita rentseeking increases by 5.1 (p &lt; .1 using a Wald test), which is economically quite small (less than half a standard deviation). (In Model 1 of <ref type="table" coords="15,276.31,261.23,29.85,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>, the treatment effect is obtained by summing the coefficient on 'High natural resource income' with the coefficient on 'High natural resource income × Full comms'.) Both pre-resource boom and post-resource boom, rent-seeking on average does not exceed 10 (out of a possible 100); overall, rent-seeking is very low under full comms.</p><p>The chat transcripts reflect the players' success in limiting rent-seeking (we hired research assistants who were blind to the experiment's goal and its treatments to classify chat statements; to ensure accurate classification, we used multiple research assistants for each of the approximately 4,500 messages exchanged in the experiments). In the two minutes prior to the start of each round, over 6% of the 640 messages exchanged by players were explicit attempts at coordinating on zero rent-seeking (and many of the remaining messages were expressions of affirmation, and so the figure 6% is a substantial understatement); for example, "Lets [sic] go all X", "everyone press 0 in y," and "Do what's best for everyone and dont [sic] increase Y." (In the experiment, production was labeled 'Activity X' and rent-seeking was labeled 'Activity Y'.)</p><p>In line with <ref type="bibr" coords="15,111.49,468.44,60.07,9.09" target="#b44">Ostrom (2000)</ref>, successful avoidance of rent-seeking was down to a combination of overt coordination, monitoring, and sanctions. In the 36 groups in the full-comms sessions, monitoring stations were used 1099 times (2.5 times per player per round). There were 18 occasions where one player explicitly and correctly accused another player of selfishly rent-seeking. If this number seems low, it is because most accusations were not directed at individual players; more often they were of the form "someone is putting tokens in Y!!!" or "stop cheating!!!" The (correctly) accused's subsequent level of rent-seeking almost always went down in response to the accusation (p &lt; 2% level, using a Wilcoxon paired-values test). Accusations were typically aggressive in tone and constituted verbal sanctions; for example, "QUIT BEING GREEDY!!!!!!!!" Though harder to quantify, chat transcripts clearly reflected some groups' success in forging a sense of community and shared goals, which presumably helped limit rent-seeking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Result 1c:</head><p>The increase in rent-seeking in response to a resource boom is larger in no comms versus partial comms and in partial comms versus full comms. <ref type="table" coords="16,45.02,132.71,29.83,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and Model 1 in <ref type="table" coords="16,141.75,132.71,29.83,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> confirm that under partial comms, per capita rentseeking increases by 19.3, which is below the estimated increase under no comms and larger than that under full comms. Using Wald tests, we can reject the hypotheses that it is equal to either (p &lt; .01).</p><p>Similar to the full-comms sessions, players in the partial-comms sessions took advantage of the (limited) opportunity to chat: 8% of the 577 messages constituted an explicit attempt to coordinate on zero rent-seeking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Result 2a:</head><p>Under no comms, on average, GDP per capita does not change in response to a resource boom. However there is substantial likelihood that it decreases. <ref type="table" coords="16,45.02,276.17,30.82,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and Model 2 in <ref type="table" coords="16,147.68,276.17,30.81,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> confirm that under no comms, per capita GDP decreases by $48 (p = .6), which is statistically and economically insignificant (below a quarter of a standard deviation). Thus on average, we have a mild version of the resource curse, whereby most groups simply do not gain from a resource boom (when they should be gaining $700 per capita).</p><p>However if we look at <ref type="figure" coords="16,142.85,343.91,39.44,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figure 4a</ref>, we can see that 8 out of 12 groups suffered a decrease in GDP per capita, and for 5 of them, this decrease was around $500 per capita, which exceeds a standard deviation in size-a veritable curse. In aggregate, their cursedness is masked by the high success of four groups in fully reaping the benefits of a resource boom.</p><p>Result 2b: Under full comms, GDP per capita increases one-on-one in response to a resource boom. <ref type="table" coords="16,45.02,443.54,30.60,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and Model 2 in <ref type="table" coords="16,146.39,443.54,30.60,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> confirm that under full comms, per capita GDP increases by $641 (p &lt; .01), which is almost the predicted $700. A Wald test fails to reject its equality to $700 (p = .49). In <ref type="figure" coords="16,193.42,467.46,38.02,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figure 4c</ref>, we can see that 11 out of 12 groups improve their GDP per capita as a result of a resource boom. Under full comms, resources are anything but a curse.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Result 2c:</head><p>The increase in GDP in response to a resource boom is larger in full comms versus partial comms and in partial comms versus no comms. <ref type="table" coords="16,45.02,543.16,31.41,9.09" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> and Model 2 in <ref type="table" coords="16,151.25,543.16,31.41,9.09" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> confirm that under partial comms, per capita GDP increases by $250, which is above the estimated increase under no comms and smaller than that under full comms. Using Wald tests, we can reject the hypotheses that it is equal to either (p &lt; .01). The intermediacy of the partial-comms treatment is reflected in <ref type="figure" coords="17,109.96,56.99,39.90,9.09" target="#fig_1">Figure 4b</ref>, where large gains and losses can be seen in response to resource booms.</p><p>In the online Appendix, we demonstrate the robustness of our results to changing various aspects of the data structure and estimation technique, as well as some ancillary results concerning how close the players' actions are to a Nash equilibrium.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONCLUSION</head><p>Much empirical evidence on the resource curse has been gathered, but there are still serious econometric questions about the curse's existence. We present clean evidence that resource booms can be completely squandered and that, on occasion, more can indeed be less. The key ingredient in ensuring the rigorousness of our evidence is our deployment of randomized control, in contrast to the literature's typical dependence on observational data. Our data also support the institutions-mediated version of the resource curse, whereby groups with good institutions reap the full benefits of resource booms.</p><p>Although we could have explored the same questions in a conventional laboratory experiment <ref type="bibr" coords="17,100.93,286.53,137.54,9.09" target="#b33">(Leibbrandt and Lynham 2013)</ref>, we chose to allow participants to interact in a three-dimensional virtual world. We did this to more accurately capture the features of good institutions that <ref type="bibr" coords="17,202.47,310.45,60.58,9.09" target="#b44">Ostrom (2000)</ref> argued characterized successful natural resource management, while retaining the simplicity necessary to test our model.</p><p>Historians <ref type="bibr" coords="17,105.62,354.29,128.41,9.09" target="#b23">(Engerman and Sokoloff 1997)</ref> and economists <ref type="bibr" coords="17,302.76,354.29,93.32,9.09" target="#b0">(Acemoglu et al. 2001)</ref> have offered important insights into how natural resources interact with economic and political institutions and how such interactions can have effects that last many centuries. By demonstrating that the mechanism underlying the institutionsmediated version of the resource curse is sound, we hope that the literature can focus on more accurately diagnosing its role in the woes of many resource-rich countries, such as Libya.</p><p>We believe that a particularly interesting path of inquiry would involve the use of small-scale randomized field experiments to bridge between the somewhat abstract virtual world we used and the complex environments in which the resource curse operates <ref type="bibr" coords="17,114.11,481.81,113.61,9.09" target="#b8">(Banerjee and Duflo 2009)</ref>. For example, in our experiments, the economies were composed of a small number of people, whereas in practice, the resource curse is typically analyzed as a macroeconomic phenomenon. We leave such considerations for future research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL</head><p>To view supplementary material for this paper, please visit http://dx.doi.org/ 10.1017/S2052263014000049.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="9,207.41,249.74,30.66,8.01;9,164.52,260.60,116.44,8.18;9,49.38,275.64,346.74,5.45;9,49.38,283.60,346.74,5.45;9,49.38,291.57,346.75,5.45;9,49.38,299.54,346.76,5.45;9,49.38,307.51,194.33,5.45;9,49.38,324.98,346.68,9.09;9,49.38,336.93,346.69,9.09"><head>Figure 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>The Experimental EnvironmentSubjects are trained in the inner area and then travel to one of the four outer areas prior to the session's commencement. The outer areas are each one corner of the outer square, and the white transparent barriers can be seen emerging from the outer corners of the inner diamond. Each transparent barrier is straddled by a pair of monitoring beacons (see the ones at the bottom of the figure; the others are invisible from this range because of rendering limitations). During play, players are free to move around their area and see their two immediate neighbors, but they do not interact visually with the neighbor from the opposing corner. social distance help establish the cooperative institutions that can overcome natural resource management problems<ref type="bibr" coords="9,184.59,336.93,119.44,9.09" target="#b16">(Charness and Gneezy 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,306.30,336.93,81.13,9.09" target="#b18">Charness et al. 2007</ref>).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="13,207.41,564.51,30.66,8.01;13,51.21,575.36,343.07,8.18;13,197.76,586.32,49.96,8.18"><head>Figure 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Frequency of Average Increase in GDP Per Capita ($/min) in Response to a Resource Boom, by Treatment</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="11,84.11,57.04,277.30,219.55"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Sample Means and Standard Deviations (in Parentheses) for Rent-Seeking and Earnings</figDesc><table coords="11,84.11,96.38,277.30,180.22">Treatment 
# Obs. Natural resources Rent-seeking Earnings in $/min 

No comms 
144 
Low = 1200 
27.7 
1920 
(19.1) 
(229) 
144 
High = 4000 
60.2 
1870 
(32.0) 
(678) 
Partial comms 
144 
Low = 1200 
16.7 
2,160 
(20.8) 
(329) 
144 
High = 4000 
36.1 
2,410 
(36.2) 
(914) 
Full comms 
144 
Low = 1200 
4.92 
2,430 
(10.7) 
(240) 
144 
High = 4000 
10.0 
3,070 
(21.7) 
(604) 

Note: Rent-seeking and Earnings are calculated by averaging across players and time for the three time periods 
that correspond to each row. Nash equilibrium rent-seeking is 28 under low natural resource income and 94 
under high natural resource income, whereas efficient rent-seeking is always 0. Nash equilibrium earnings are 
$1953/min under low natural resource income and $1144/min under high natural resource income, while the 
respective figures under efficient play are $2600/min and $3300/min. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="12,17.16,619.94,390.54,13.97"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/xps.2014.4 Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 25 Apr 2019 at 19:46:45, subject to the Cambridge</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="14,95.63,57.04,170.25,35.64"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>The Definition of Time Periods</figDesc><table coords="14,95.63,85.41,29.01,7.27">Round 1 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="15,88.53,57.04,261.46,131.98"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Regression Models</figDesc><table coords="15,88.53,85.41,261.46,103.61">Model 
1 
2 

Dependent variable 
Rent-seeking 
Earnings 
High natural resource income 
32.5  *  *  *  
−47.9 
(2.82) 
(96.1) 
High natural resource income × Partial comms 
−13.2  *  *  
297  *  *  
(5.04) 
(145) 
High natural resource income × Full comms 
−27.4  *  *  *  
689  *  *  *  
(4.15) 
(128) 
Number of observations 
864 
864 
R squared 
0.657 
0.485 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/xps.2014.4 Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 25 Apr 2019 at 19:46:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 25 Apr 2019 at 19:46:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">We have censored the actual word used.Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. https://doi.org/10.1017/xps.2014.4 Downloaded from https://www.cambridge.org/core. University of Melbourne Library, on 25 Apr 2019 at 19:46:45, subject to the Cambridge</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,80.71,346.73,8.18;18,47.02,91.68,325.53,8.18" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Colonial Origins of Comparative Development: An Empirical Investigation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Acemoglu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robinson</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1369" to="1401" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,102.63,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,113.59,131.69,8.18" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Acemoglu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robinson</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,124.56,346.68,8.18;18,47.02,135.51,280.85,8.18" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Kleptocracy and Divide-and-Rule: A Model of Personal Rule</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Acemoglu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Verdierand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the European Economic Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="162" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,146.47,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,157.43,79.74,8.18" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Elusive Curse of Oil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Alexeev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Conrad</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="586" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,168.39,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,179.35,291.82,8.18" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Natural Resources and the Tradeoff Between Authoritarianism and Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Al-Ubaydli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,190.31,346.72,8.18;18,47.02,201.26,135.58,8.18" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Constitutions and the Resource Curse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Andersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Aslaksen</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,212.23,346.72,8.18;18,47.02,223.19,325.72,8.18" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trust Among the Avatars: A Virtual World Experiment, with and Without Textual and Visual Cues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Atlas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Putterman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Southern Economic Journal, Forthcoming</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,234.14,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,245.10,229.49,8.18" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Oxford World Institute for Development Economics Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Auty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Resource Abundance and Economic Development</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,256.07,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,267.02,148.10,8.18" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Experimental Approach to Development Economics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Banerjee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Duflo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="151" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,277.98,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,288.95,191.91,8.18" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cues of Being Watched Enhance Cooperation in a Real-World Setting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bateson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Nettle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biology Letters</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="412" to="426" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,299.90,346.70,8.18;18,47.02,310.39,334.74,8.97;18,47.02,321.81,42.96,8.18" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Solution to the Tullock Rent-Seeking Game When R &gt; 2: Mixed-Strategy Equilibria and Mean Dissipation Rates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Baye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kovenock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">De</forename><surname>Vries</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Choice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="363" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,332.78,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,343.74,334.77,8.18;18,47.02,354.69,235.10,8.18" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Avatar-Mediated Networking: Increasing Social Presence and Interpersonal Trust in Net-Based Collaborations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bente</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rüggenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Krämer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Eschenburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Communication Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="318" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,365.65,346.73,8.18;18,47.02,376.62,334.76,8.18;18,47.02,387.57,76.31,8.18" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Costless Pre-Play Communication: Experimental Evidence from Games with Pareto-Ranked Equilibria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Blume</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ortmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Theory</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">132</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="274" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,398.53,346.70,8.18;18,47.02,409.49,94.62,8.18" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">It&apos;s What You Say Not What You Play</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Brandts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cooper</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Case Western University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,420.45,346.70,8.18;18,47.02,431.41,294.24,8.18" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resources for Sale: Corruption, Democracy and the Natural Resource Curse. The B.E</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bulte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Damania</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Analysis and Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">5</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.06,442.37,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,453.33,128.44,8.18" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk, Pre-Play Communication and Equilibrium</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Burton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sefton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Games and Economic Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.05,464.29,346.73,8.18;18,47.02,475.25,334.75,8.18;18,47.02,486.20,24.84,8.18" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What&apos;s in a Name? Anonymity and Social Distance in Dictator and Ultimatum Games</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Charness</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Gneezy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.05,497.17,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,508.13,152.69,8.18" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Makes Cheap Talk Effective? Experimental Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Charness</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Grosskopf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economics Letters</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="383" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.05,519.08,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,530.04,272.55,8.18" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Distance and Reciprocity: An Internet Experiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Charness</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Haruvy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sonsino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.05,541.01,346.70,8.18;18,47.02,551.96,297.63,8.18" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virtual World Experimentation: An Exploratory Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Chesney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chuah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hoffmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="618" to="653" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,35.05,562.92,346.71,8.18;18,47.02,573.88,72.80,8.18" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Compton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Giedeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johnson</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Investing in Institutions. Economics and Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="419" to="464" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,57.68,346.71,8.18;19,61.34,68.64,198.35,8.18" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Communication in Coordination Games</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Cooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Dejong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Forsythe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ross</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="739" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,79.60,346.72,8.18;19,61.34,90.56,334.75,8.18;19,61.35,101.52,20.36,8.18" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do Actions Speak Louder Than Words? An Experimental Comparison of Observation and Cheap Talk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Duffy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Feltovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Games and Economic Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,112.48,346.74,8.18;19,61.35,123.44,334.75,8.18;19,61.35,134.39,228.05,8.18" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Factor Endowments, Institutions and Differential Paths of Growth Among New World Economies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Engerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sokoloff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>How Latin America Fell Behind, ed. S. Haber</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Stanford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="260" to="306" />
			<pubPlace>Stanford, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,145.36,346.74,8.18;19,61.35,156.32,173.08,8.18" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Distance in a Virtual World Experiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Fielder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Haruvy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Li</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Games and Economic Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="400" to="426" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,167.27,346.72,8.18;19,61.35,178.23,137.95,8.18" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">z-Tree: Zurich Toolbox for Ready-Made Economic Experiments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Fischbacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Experimental Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="171" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,189.20,329.24,8.18" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Natural Resource Curse: A Survey</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Frankel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>15863</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">NBER Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,200.15,346.69,8.18;19,61.35,211.11,181.42,8.18" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions and the Path to the Modern Economy: Lessons from Medieval Trade</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Greif</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,222.07,346.71,8.18;19,61.35,233.03,114.85,8.18" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Curse of Natural Resources in Fractionalized Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hodler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1367" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,243.99,346.70,8.18;19,61.35,254.95,334.74,8.18;19,61.35,265.91,334.76,8.18;19,61.35,276.87,135.32,8.18" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Communicators&apos; Perceptions of Social Presence as a Function of Avatar Realism in Small Display Mobile Communication Devices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Watt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ala</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the 41st Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences</title>
		<meeting>the 41st Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences<address><addrLine>Washington, DC</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>IEEE Computer Society</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,287.83,346.73,8.18;19,61.35,298.78,334.75,8.18;19,61.35,309.75,76.00,8.18" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Historical Property Rights, Sociality, and the Emergence of Interpersonal Exchange in Long-Distance Trade</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kimbrough</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wilson</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1009" to="1048" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,320.71,346.73,8.18;19,61.35,331.66,334.74,8.18;19,61.35,342.62,149.64,8.18" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Voluntary Approaches to Transitioning from Competitive Fisheries to Rights-Based Management: Bringing the Field Into the Lab</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Knapp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Murphy</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Agricultural and Resource Economics Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="245" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,353.59,346.70,8.18;19,61.35,364.54,334.76,8.18;19,61.35,375.50,118.74,8.18" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Chameleon Effect as Social Glue: Evidence for the Evolutionary Significance of Nonconscious Mimicry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lakin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Jefferis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Chartrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Nonverbal Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,386.46,346.73,8.18;19,61.35,397.42,136.00,8.18" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Does the Resource Curse Exist? An Experimental Test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Leibbrandt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lynham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<pubPlace>Monash University</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,408.38,346.72,8.18;19,61.35,419.33,334.75,8.18;19,61.35,430.30,41.12,8.18" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Investigating the Endogenous Emergence of Social Networks and Trade: A Virtual Worlds Experiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Twieg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Weel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>George Mason University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,441.26,346.72,8.18;19,61.35,452.21,68.57,8.18" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutions and the Resource Curse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Mehlum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Moene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Torvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">116</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.38,463.17,346.75,8.18;19,61.35,474.14,192.72,8.18" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Funding Public Goods with Lotteries: Experimental Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sefton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="785" to="810" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.39,485.09,346.72,8.18;19,61.35,496.05,108.15,8.18" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions, Institutional Change and Economic Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.39,507.01,346.71,8.18;19,61.35,517.97,334.76,8.18;19,61.35,528.93,21.45,8.18" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Violence and Social Orders: A Conceptual Framework for Interpreting Recorded Human History</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wallis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Weingast</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.39,539.89,346.73,8.18;19,61.35,550.84,334.74,8.18;19,61.35,561.81,145.57,8.18" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Influence of Synchrony and Sensory Modality on the Person Perception Process in Computer-Mediated Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nowak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Watt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Walther</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">3</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,49.39,572.77,346.71,8.18;19,61.35,583.72,105.89,8.18" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative Statistics of Contests and Rent-Seeking Games</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,308.97,27.83,72.80,8.01" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Can More Be Less?</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,57.68,316.59,8.18" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diamonds Are a Rebel&apos;s Best Friend</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Olsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1133" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.05,68.64,316.85,8.18" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conflict Diamonds</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Olsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.05,79.60,346.72,8.18;20,47.01,90.56,89.97,8.18" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Collective Action and the Evolution of Social Norms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ostrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.05,101.52,346.70,8.18;20,47.02,112.48,250.60,8.18" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Experimental Examination of Rational Rent-Seeking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Potters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>De Vries</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Van Winden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="783" to="800" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,123.44,346.70,8.18;20,47.02,134.39,201.78,8.18" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Political Foundations of the Resource Curse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Torvikand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Verdier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="447" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,145.36,271.00,8.18" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Oil Hinder Democracy?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ross</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,156.32,346.72,8.18;20,47.02,167.27,79.75,8.18" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Natural Resource Abundance and Economic Growth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Sachs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">NBER Working Paper 5398</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,178.23,346.70,8.18;20,47.02,189.20,85.26,8.18" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Natural Resources, Rent-Seeking and Welfare</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Torvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="455" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,200.15,346.72,8.18;20,47.02,211.11,334.78,8.18;20,47.02,222.07,53.13,8.18" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Efficient Rent Seeking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Tullock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Toward a Theory of the Rent-Seeking Society</title>
		<editor>J. Buchanan, R. Tollison, and G. Tullock. College</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Station, TX</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Texas A&amp;M University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="112" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,233.03,346.71,8.18;20,47.02,243.99,123.54,8.18" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">More Oil, Less Democracy? Theory and Evidence from Crude Oil Discoveries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Tsui</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal, Forthcoming</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,254.95,346.72,8.18;20,47.02,265.91,170.91,8.18" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Oil Corrupt? Evidence from a Natural Experiment in West Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Vicente</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Development Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,35.06,276.87,346.74,8.18;20,47.02,287.83,334.75,8.18;20,47.02,298.78,109.68,8.18" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rent Dissipation in a Limited-Access Common-Pool Resource: Experimental Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Gardner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ostrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Environmental Economics and Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="214" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
