<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">A Boom with Review: How Retrospective Oversight Increases the Foreign Policy Ability of Democracies</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">Colaresi</forename><surname>Michigan</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">State University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Political Science</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Michigan State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>303 South Kedzie Hall</addrLine>
									<postCode>48824</postCode>
									<settlement>East Lansing</settlement>
									<region>MI</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">A Boom with Review: How Retrospective Oversight Increases the Foreign Policy Ability of Democracies</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1540-5907.2011.00567.x</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:56+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In the ongoing debate concerning whether democracies can carry out effective national security policy, the role of transparency costs has received little attention. I argue for a more nuanced understanding of how some democracies that possess specific investigative institutions, such as national security-relevant freedom of information laws, legislative oversight powers, and press freedoms, are able to avoid the problems of which democracy skeptics warn. Using a new dataset on national security accountability institutions in democracies within a Bradley-Terry framework, I find that national security oversight mechanisms raise the probability that a democracy wins international disputes as well as increasing the expected number of enemy casualties, as compared to democracies that lack effective oversight. Contra previous theories of foreign policy efficacy, I find that the chances for democratic foreign policy success are maximized when competitive elections are linked to institutions that increase the retrospective revelation of previously classified information.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>democracy, neglects any role for secrecy in foreign policy success.</p><p>This article contributes to an enhanced understanding of the relationship between democracy and foreign policy efficacy by resolving the paradox of national security transparency inherent in conventional explanations of democratic foreign policy success. If secrets are valuable, and democracies are assumed to be transparent, in any given situation democracies either suffer transparency costs as information diffuses to an enemy, or keep necessary secrets but lose public accountability on national security issues <ref type="bibr" coords="2,166.82,204.53,56.51,9.30" target="#b17">(Desch 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,227.76,204.53,55.05,9.30" target="#b57">Rosato 2003)</ref>. If democratic leaders are institutionally unable to keep national security secrets, and democratic accountability is upheld on national security issues, enemies of democratic states are at a strategic advantage. While this accountability might provide bargaining leverage <ref type="bibr" coords="2,239.16,269.29,58.98,9.30" target="#b43">(Martin 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,62.05,282.24,53.61,9.30" target="#b50">Putnam 1988</ref>), military preparations would be transparent as would be threat assessments. Democracies would be giving up the ability to surprise, feign weakness or strength, or more generally hide valuable foreign policy information at potentially substantial cost. Alternatively, if executives in democracies are able to keep national security secrets and avoid the associated transparency cost of revealing strategic information to the public and thus an enemy, they should also be able to dodge the public revelation of corruption or bluffing and thus domestic accountability. Consistent with this perspective, U.S. President Nixon ordered a secret nuclear alert in 1969 and then backed down without electoral punishment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,269.68,437.66,28.46,9.30;2,62.05,450.62,60.63,9.30" target="#b59">(Sagan and Suri 2003)</ref>, and similarly, President Kennedy agreed to trade the removal of U.S. Jupiter missiles from Turkey, among other things, for the removal of USSR missiles in Cuba while avoiding near-term public scrutiny <ref type="bibr" coords="2,258.01,489.47,40.19,9.30;2,62.05,502.42,22.06,9.30" target="#b22">(Garthoff 1989)</ref>.</p><p>To step out of the democratic secrecy dilemma, I argue that it is not solely immediate transparency that serves as the primary domestic distinction between states in the national security realm, but rather institutions that allow for retrospective oversight of national security policy and the punishment of foreign policy corruption. Previous research has treated democracies as homogenous across the domestic-foreign policy divide, assigning a democracy score to a country in a given year. However, great interissue variation exists even within a country, in a given year, between the handling of national security information and information on economic, social, and domestic policy. Most democracies include exceptions to freedom of information laws for national security information <ref type="bibr" coords="2,62.05,696.70,56.69,9.30" target="#b2">(Banisar 2004</ref>) and exempt the intelligence services from publicly reporting their budgets <ref type="bibr" coords="2,199.14,709.65,94.61,9.30" target="#b9">(Born and Leigh 2007)</ref>, in stark contrast to the more modest executive in-formation asymmetries on domestic issues. Democracies vary considerably across the globe in the dynamics and duration of the domestic-national security publicinformation gap.</p><p>These accountability institutions include limited freedom of information law exemptions for national security, foreign policy legislative oversight powers, and press freedoms. Due to the fact that secrets lose their value over time, democracies with retrospective oversight are able to mobilize a potentially skeptical public while paying minimal transparency costs without recourse to repression. Holding private strategic information while propelled by public mobilization should form a potent foreign policy combination for democracies with retrospective oversight. Conversely, democracies that fail to maintain oversight institutions are likely to be bogged down with either excessive transparency costs or public undermobilization.</p><p>I use the outcomes of international disputes to test whether national security oversight institutions raise the estimated foreign policy ability of democracies from 1970 to 2000. This is accomplished with a structured Bayesian Ordered Bradley-Terry model utilizing a new measure of retrospective security policy information institutions (r-SPII) as well as other correlates of foreign policy success. In each set of analyses, democracies with oversight are estimated, as expected, to have significantly greater foreign policy ability than their democratic counterparts that lack effective oversight in national security affairs. These results imply both that oversight institutions have significant empirical purchase when explaining foreign policy efficacy and that the exigencies of national security secrecy necessitate unique institutional mechanisms to induce accountability and effectiveness.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Democracy and Foreign Policy Ability: Deficient, Efficient, or Irrelevant?</head><p>For at least the last half-century a triangular debate has simmered concerning the ability of democratic states to formulate and execute effective foreign policy. On the one hand, scholars and politicians as varied as John F. Kennedy, Abraham Lincoln, Alexis De Toqueville, Hans Morgenthau, and Walter Lippmann have argued that democratic openness and transparency create ineffectual foreign policy. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,398.16,683.47,3.51,6.51">4</ref> These democratic deficiencies are supposedly the result of both national security leaks and quixotic public opinion spilling into foreign policy. Spying on other countries, hiding weaknesses, gaining the advantage of surprise, and bluffing all necessitate some level of secrecy and deception and are useful in international affairs <ref type="bibr" coords="3,114.11,126.81,53.28,9.30" target="#b25">(Gibbs 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,169.61,126.81,40.25,9.30" target="#b26">Gill 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,212.08,126.81,79.39,9.30" target="#b44">Mearsheimer 2004)</ref>. Democratic openness, according to critics, forfeits the significant policy benefits of foreign policy secrecy. 5 Additionally, the democracy skeptics argue that since leaders in open democratic systems need to worry about being reelected, they cannot focus on creating the optimal foreign policy for the state <ref type="bibr" coords="3,159.08,204.53,66.20,9.30" target="#b55">(Ripsman 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,227.59,204.53,63.91,9.30" target="#b62">Schweller 2004)</ref>. When the uneducated public's preferences run counter to necessary international policy prescriptions, an officeseeking leader will be forced to sacrifice efficacy for job security. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,94.55,254.57,3.51,6.51">6</ref> In contrast, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,129.26,269.28,119.25,9.30" target="#b61">Schultz and Weingast (2003)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,255.79,269.28,40.08,9.30;3,59.76,282.23,92.86,9.30" target="#b12">Bueno de Mesquita et al. (2003)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,208.32,282.23,87.61,9.30;3,59.76,295.19,26.01,9.30">Stam (2002), Snyder (1991)</ref>, and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,114.81,295.19,51.75,9.30" target="#b40">Lake (1992)</ref> have argued that democratic institutional components strengthen rather than weaken the foreign policy efficacy of democracies. Open and competitive democratic elections create incentives for leaders to formulate policies that are in the public interest. This process results in the promotion of general economic well-being rather than side-payments to political cronies and the launching of international interventions when there are public benefits rather than when intervention might only be beneficial to the leader or the leader's party. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,83.78,422.94,3.51,6.51">7</ref> Reiter and Stam succinctly summarize this argument when they argue, "democracies win wars because of the offshoots of public consent and leaders' accountability to the voters" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,118.13,463.56,26.46,9.30">(2002,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,146.99,463.56,7.60,9.30">3)</ref>.</p><p>A final group of theorists suggest that the form of government a state maintains is irrelevant to foreign policy ability because all states utilize equivalent national security decision-making processes. A series of powerful works by Kenneth Waltz purported to show that despite institutional differences, the United States and the United Kingdom had similar foreign policy capabilities <ref type="bibr" coords="3,80.01,567.17,54.81,9.30" target="#b75">(Waltz 1967)</ref> and that international anarchy forces all states into evolving functionally equivalent decisionmaking processes in order to survive <ref type="bibr" coords="3,235.90,593.07,55.54,9.30" target="#b76">(Waltz 1979)</ref>. More recently, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,124.41,606.02,57.05,9.30" target="#b17">Desch (2002)</ref> has made the case for the irrelevance of domestic democratic institutional distinctions. He argues that on national security policy, mate-5 To be specific, I define foreign policy effectiveness as the ability to gain positive security outcomes for a state (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,225.31,671.74,37.42,7.97" target="#b40">Lake 1992)</ref>. Foreign policy ability could manifest itself through the successful use of military threats or violent force, deception and guile, or diplomacy. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,59.76,706.30,2.87,5.31">6</ref> Conversely, see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,118.89,707.61,87.90,7.97" target="#b47">Page and Shapiro (1995)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,224.46,707.61,46.26,7.97" target="#b30">Holsti (1996)</ref>. 7 See, for example, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,125.93,723.56,112.45,7.97" target="#b12">Bueno de Mesquita et al. (2003)</ref>. rial capabilities trump any domestic institutional differences. Further, since the public is aware that it has little knowledge of the intricacies of international polities, citizens defer to elites.</p><p>The empirical record thus far has supported the democratic efficiency hypothesis, although with caveats. Recent research has found that democracies win more of their wars <ref type="bibr" coords="3,358.43,152.71,96.30,9.30" target="#b53">(Reiter and Stam 2002)</ref>, convince other states to back down in militarized disputes <ref type="bibr" coords="3,468.36,165.66,58.90,9.30" target="#b60">(Schultz 2001)</ref>, and receive greater concessions during negotiations over territorial issues <ref type="bibr" coords="3,375.71,191.58,97.83,9.30" target="#b31">(Huth and Allee 2003)</ref>, as compared to nondemocratic states. However, even this accumulation of evidence has been challenged on empirical grounds. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.80,230.43,57.60,9.30" target="#b17">Desch (2002)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,395.51,230.43,65.98,9.30" target="#b18">Downes (2009)</ref> argue that previous findings have suffered from methodological problems. 8</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Accountability versus Secrecy</head><p>In the face of this empirical evidence, one key contradiction in the democratic efficiency hypothesis remains. Specifically, it has been assumed that in democracies, transparency allows the public to view the actions of government agents and thus hold corrupt politicians to account. The process of accountability, built upon the foundation of democratic transparency, is hypothesized to enhance democratic credibility and military threats <ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.80,422.29,60.52,9.30" target="#b20">(Fearon 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,379.43,422.29,96.61,9.30" target="#b31">Huth and Allee 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,481.15,422.29,68.80,9.30" target="#b32">Ikenberry 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.80,435.24,57.76,9.30" target="#b43">Martin 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,377.22,435.24,58.29,9.30" target="#b60">Schultz 2001)</ref>. For example, Ikenberry argues that democracies are able to generate greater cooperation from other states due to the transparency of the governance structure, where "secrecy is seen to be the exception, not the norm" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,459.60,487.05,26.46,9.30">(2001,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,490.10,487.05,12.32,9.30">76)</ref>. However, the exigencies of national security secrecy in democracies create important information asymmetries between the executive and the public. Not only do the United Kingdom, Ireland, and India have official secrets acts that punish the revelation of national security information, 9 but also all democracies use either executive decrees, criminal statutes, or constitutional or common law provisions to contain national security information within the government. 10 Further, the scale of national security secrecy is nontrivial. In FY2009 and FY2010, the United States classified over 130 million documents to shield that information from public view. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,290.62,73.25,7.03,6.51">11</ref> One observer has complained that democracies now have what amounts to a "department of government secrets". 12 As Milner notes, "In foreign affairs particularly the executive branch . . . may well possess much private information about foreign countries, international negotiations, and foreign policy choices" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,177.74,152.72,26.46,9.30">(1997,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,206.60,152.72,12.32,9.30">21)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Transparency Costs</head><p>If national security secrecy was unnecessary, then the tension between accountability and secrecy could be resolved purely in the direction of transparency and accountability. Yet, there is no corner solution in this case. Keeping national security secrets aids foreign policy effectiveness. The United States benefited from private information in resolving the Cuban Missile Crisis, the success of the D-day invasion, and the left-hook strategy in the First Gulf War. Israel has benefited from keeping national security secrets not only in the 1967 war but also dramatically in <ref type="bibr" coords="4,73.68,342.03,134.26,9.30;4,207.94,340.26,7.03,6.51">Operation "Cast Lead" in 2008. 13</ref> Similarly, there are extant examples of public transparency having national security costs. The Silberman-Robb commission report is purported to have a classified appendix that lists over 100 incidents of media leaks that are said to have harmed U.S. interests and cost the United States possibly hundreds of millions of dollars. 14 For example, in 1974, the CIA's deep-sea reconnaissance of a Soviet nuclear submarine that had capsized and been abandoned in the Pacific was stopped when details of the operation were published in the Los Angeles Times <ref type="bibr" coords="4,168.53,471.54,105.35,9.30">(Johnson 1997, 200-201)</ref>. The revelation of the Tawny Pipit Affair by Joseph McCarthy led the CIA to cancel plans to pass false intelligence to the USSR and China <ref type="bibr" coords="4,150.96,510.39,78.05,9.30">(Barrett 2005, 129)</ref>. Perhaps one of the more colorful examples of transparency costs for the United States was the Kersten Amendment, which publicly directed Congress to covertly undercut the legitimacy of Communist countries. This turned into a diplomatic disaster for the United States at the UN, although a USSRsponsored resolution condemning the amendment was 11 As reported by the Information Security Oversight Office, 2010 Annual Report, available at www.archives.gov/isoo. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,62.05,640.55,5.74,5.31">12</ref> Stephen Aftergood interview, in the movie Secrecy. rejected <ref type="bibr" coords="4,352.03,62.06,94.19,9.30">(Barrett 2005, 105-10)</ref>. More dramatic was the alleged May Incident in 1943, where U.S. Congressman Andrew May revealed publicly that U.S. submarines were able to survive Japanese depth charges because the explosives were set to detonate at too shallow of a depth. Vice Admiral Charles A. Lockwood is said to have argued that this led Japan to change tactics and cost the United States 10 submarines and 800 crewmen <ref type="bibr" coords="4,454.11,152.72,67.65,9.30">(Blair 2001, 424)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,528.09,152.72,19.32,9.30;4,316.09,165.67,110.62,9.30">Additionally, between 1975 and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,428.93,165.67,18.06,9.30">1981</ref>, there were several highprofile cases of CIA officers' identities and addresses being publicized in Greece, Jamaica, Nicaragua, and Mozambique with the immediate reaction being expulsion (in Mozambique), attempted assassination (in Jamaica and Nicaragua), or murder (in Greece) of these agents. 15</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Secrecy Costs</head><p>While naive public transparency has national security costs as private information is revealed to a potential enemy, secrecy itself is far from costless. First, a national security secrecy apparatus and classification system costs money to maintain. The United States spent over $8.6 billion on secrecy in 2008, and that figure does not include appropriations to classify information within the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, and the Defense Intelligence Agency, among others. 16 Additionally, official secrecy, and the lack of information sharing that results, has been shown within a bureaucracy to increase transaction costs. As information transmission is constrained, decision makers may be without key pieces of information. 17 However, the maintenance and organizational costs of secrecy do not depend on regime type. Autocratic and democratic states alike must pay for the classification bureaucracy and operate in the information environment it creates.</p><p>Democracies have an additional debt that accrues with secrecy. While autocracies can mobilize support for foreign policies with repression, democracies must rely on public consent. Public mobilization in the form of taxes, political support, and military recruitment is often a necessary condition for successful foreign policy. As Lincoln argued in a different context, "Public sentiment is everything, with public sentiment, nothing can fail, without it, nothing can succeed" <ref type="bibr" coords="4,391.14,639.81,75.85,9.30">(Basler 1953, 224)</ref>. However, national security secrecy, without additional caveats, robs an executive of the democratic tools to credibly signal to the public, as well as the international community, that threatening or cooperative gestures are in the national rather than a leader's private interest. For example, the executive could launch a war to gain political support, distribute the spoils of war to cronies, or incite an international rivalry to drive government centralization, all while the evidence of those motives remained classified. The government has an information surplus that could be used to drive foreign policy towards private rather than public ends. If the public were to support these policies, they would foot the bill, while the executive would disproportionately benefit. The public, particularly opposition partisans and independents, knowing that it is at an informational disadvantage vis-à-vis the executive, and that an executive could benefit from that advantage, will be less likely to support the executive's policy due to these incentives. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,281.38,280.47,7.03,6.51">18</ref> National security information asymmetries raise the familiar principal-agent dilemma of adverse selection. The government, acting as an agent, has more information than the public, as principal. Further, this information could be turned into profit for the agent through overcharging the public for security or a lack thereof. Knowing this, the public may remain skeptical of supporting a policy or military budget put forward by the leader. Public approval for U.S. President Clinton dropped, rather than rallying, in August 1998 when cruise missiles attacked Afghanistan and Sudan during the Lewinsky scandal. While the policy might have been in the public interest, it might also have been a useful political diversion to avert public attention away from the scandal. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,111.51,476.51,64.33,9.30" target="#b13">Colaresi (2007)</ref> finds that this is a generalizable trend, where U.S. presidents get significantly smaller and in many cases negative public opinion rallies when launching foreign policy initiatives during scandals or just before elections. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,169.90,528.32,61.71,9.30" target="#b33">Jackson (2000)</ref> blames secrecy, in part, for France's failure to mobilize adequately during the interwar years, particularly from 1934 to 1939. As the German threat increased, the French government received useful intelligence on Nazi intentions and capabilities particularly from the Army's Deuxieme Bureau. However, the public remained skeptical of government estimates of this threat, particularly after the Stavisky affair in 1934. This lack of preparation, at least in part, accelerated their defeat in the subsequent conflict.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Summarizing the Puzzle</head><p>These contrasting costs would seem to put democracies at a disadvantage vis-à-vis nondemocracies, as critics argue. Where a nondemocracy may be able to use a repressive apparatus to mobilize the public while keeping national security secrets, democracies seem to be faced with either releasing national security information to mobilize the public or keeping national security secrets, but suffering reduced public mobilization. For example, the trade-off between private information and public mobilization was a central finding of the Doolittle Report presented to U.S. President Eisenhower in 1954 19 and later in the Cold War by Admiral Powell Carter, who noted, when discussing whether the U.S. government needed to discuss U.S. vulnerabilities to Soviet attack in 1981, "I think it is dangerous, but . . .</p><p>[i]f we are going to mobilize the American people to support the large expenditures that are necessary to correct the force deficiencies, we have to convince them that force deficiencies exist." 20 Going beyond previous democracy skeptics, however, I argue in the next section that if we take a more nuanced view of national security-relevant democratic institutions, a solution to this dilemma in democracies is possible.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Telling Time: Transparency Cost Deflation and Retrospective Oversight</head><p>The two clues to unraveling the riddle of democratic foreign policy success lies in understanding the dynamics of transparency costs and the oversight institutions that can restore accountability at a reasonable foreign policy price. While national security secrecy is valuable to a state, the cost of revealing information declines over time-sources die or are removed from harm's way, the strategic situation changes, or an enemy learns the information by other means. The location of the D-day invasion, the breaking of the Enigma and Purple codes, and the frequency of the radio signal that U.S. Predator drones in Iraq and Afghanistan broadcast 21 on were all valuable secrets, but whose revelation costs declined over time. Once</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 1 Threads of Quickly Decaying Information (Black-solid) and the Average Transparency Cost Over Time (Gray-dashed)</head><p>an invasion occurs, the war ends, or the enemy learns the information from other sources, public transparency is less expensive.</p><p>To illustrate this point, we can simulate transparency costs over time. Each bit of information receives a randomly drawn value from a uniform distribution on the (0, 1) interval. Then at each time point, the information may quickly lose value with probability p, due to a source moving out of danger or a battle ending. The mean transparency cost for this information is a smooth decreasing function over time. <ref type="figure" coords="6,196.35,500.55,35.41,9.30">Figure 1</ref> plots 1,000 of these bits of information (black), as well as the aggregate mean transparency cost function (red). Therefore, even though specific conflicts or intelligence operations may produce an array of information, the expected value of the transparency cost declines smoothly over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Institutions of National Security Oversight</head><p>Depreciating transparency costs allows the public to access national security information, ex post, and hold leaders or parties accountable for private interest policies. However, information revelation is neither deterministic, automatic, nor immediate in any democracy around the world. First, the formal classification of national security information erects a barrier to publicity by design. Prying that information free from the executive takes time and tools. I suggest there are three useful levers that can be wielded by extraexecutive actors for this purpose in democratic states: (1) specific national security-relevant legislative oversight powers, (2) effective freedom of information laws that do not fully exempt national security policy, and (3) laws that protect press freedom. Together, these oversight mechanisms increase the probability of the retrospective revelation of national security information and particularly a government's misuse of national security secrecy. In the following sections, I summarize the relevant institutions and then turn to the repercussions of retrospective accountability on national security issues for understanding foreign policy ability. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,508.79,215.72,7.03,6.51">22</ref> While the triad of legislative oversight, freedom of information, and press freedom are usually rolled into discussions of democratic institutions and accountability <ref type="bibr" coords="6,316.09,269.28,61.51,9.30" target="#b2">(Banisar 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,381.35,269.28,67.42,9.30" target="#b32">Ikenberry 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,452.52,269.28,95.28,9.30" target="#b53">Reiter and Stam 2002)</ref>, there is remarkable and meaningful variation in the national security relevance of these institutions across democracies. For example, the legislature in Greece has a number of useful powers for overseeing domestic political actions, including permanent committees that may investigate and provide both minority and majority reports. However, Article 133 of the Standing Orders for the Parliament states that the legislature cannot access information that the executive deems "relating to diplomatic, military or pertinent to national security." 23 Similarly, stable democracies such as Denmark, Romania, and the United Kingdom join Chile, Ghana, Peru, Kenya, and Thailand, among others, in having rules that explicitly limit legislative oversight on national security issues as compared to domestic issues. In contrast, the United States and the Netherlands have robust legislative oversight mechanisms specifically targeted to the post hoc revelation of national security information. In the United States, there are standing committees on defense and intelligence that have the power to hold both public and private hearings and compel testimony. 24 A legislature with enervated national security oversight powers has little chance of <ref type="bibr" coords="6,316.09,580.77,5.74,5.31">22</ref> This section is not meant to imply that all national security information revelation occurs domestically. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,470.19,592.05,82.00,7.97" target="#b16">Crescenzi et al. (2011)</ref> make a similar argument with regard to conflict mediators and international organizations, such as the African Union and the Organization of American States, and their role in providing information. However, a 2010 Pew survey found that over 95% of U.S. citizens got their news from domestic sources (see "Americans Spending More Time Following the News," Pew Research Center 2010, 138). Thus, the domestic provision of information is likely to be an important part of the story. I return to this point in the conclusion. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,316.09,696.34,5.74,5.31">23</ref> Official English translation downloaded from www.parliament .gr/english/organwsh/parliam.asp on <ref type="bibr" coords="6,449.94,707.61,57.66,7.97;6,316.09,722.24,5.74,5.31">March 22, 2007. 24</ref> See <ref type="bibr" coords="6,336.19,723.56,55.73,7.97" target="#b35">Johnson (1997)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="6,409.58,723.56,53.14,7.97" target="#b3">Barrett (2005).</ref> prying open the safe of national security secrets either after a war or when international tensions have migrated to different areas. For example, France, which at the time included weak national security oversight powers, failed to complete its investigation into the causes of their defeat in the Battle of France <ref type="bibr" coords="7,154.25,126.81,60.79,9.30" target="#b33">(Jackson 2000)</ref>. Conversely, as the Vietnam War came to a close, the U.S. Congress unleashed the Pike and Church Committees, which released public reports on U.S. intelligence activities and spurred greater legislative oversight in the future <ref type="bibr" coords="7,201.74,178.63,58.32,9.30" target="#b3">(Barrett 2005)</ref>. Therefore, legislative oversight is strongest where a permanent committee is specifically tasked with national security oversight and holds investigatory powers that could be used to create public reports on government actions.</p><p>Perhaps most explicitly, freedom of information laws around the world include exemptions for national security information. Broadly, there are three types of exemptions. The most stringent exempts all national security information from being revealed under the law and allows the executive to decide if the exemption holds. Examples of this all-encompassing exemption have been used in Canada, Greece, Switzerland, and the United States before 1972. A less restrictive rule, known as the harm test, only allows information to be withheld from public view if releasing the information will cause appreciable harm to government policy. Austria, France, India, Italy, Japan, and the United States <ref type="bibr" coords="7,186.36,398.80,109.50,9.30">(between 1972 and 2002)</ref> used this harm test. Finally, the balance test, used currently in Australia, Belgium, and New Zealand, is the most open exemption and only allows information to be kept secret if the harm is greater than the public benefit of releasing the information <ref type="bibr" coords="7,171.23,463.57,60.69,9.30" target="#b2">(Banisar 2004)</ref>. The National Security Archive, a nonprofit group in the United States, has published more than 700,000 pages of previously secret documents from Freedom of Information requests. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,288.34,500.65,7.03,6.51">25</ref> Additionally, partial implementation of freedom of information laws, prohibitive costs, and restrictions on use can reduce their efficacy.</p><p>A free press, unencumbered by legal, political, or economic obstacles, can also release previously secret information to the public. On national security issues, government censorship, often in the form of prior restraint or penalties for divulging classified information, limits the effectiveness of the press. For example, while in the United States the Pentagon Papers case <ref type="bibr" coords="7,244.33,631.92,51.53,9.30;7,59.76,644.88,55.53,9.30" target="#b49">(Prados and Portier 2004)</ref> as well as Seymour Hersh's articles on previously covert U.S. actions in Haiti as well as allegations of domestic spying by the FBI <ref type="bibr" coords="7,185.18,670.78,60.40,9.30" target="#b35">(Johnson 1997</ref>) publicized previously classified information, an agreement between the media and the Israeli defense force in 1966 set up a 25 A digital archive can be found at http://www2.gwu.edu/ nsarchiv/. system of prior restraint whereby a military censor can redact newspaper articles. In the United Kingdom, MI6 official Richard Tomlinson and Foreign Office clerk Sarah Tisdall served time in jail for releasing secrets to the public through the press. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,389.39,112.10,7.03,6.51">26</ref> In overcoming national security secrecy, these three analytically distinct processes of retrospective information diffusion are highly interrelated in practice and rely on competitive elections to be political meaningful. Legislative oversight that cannot be broadcast to the public through the press is less effective. Facts released by either the press or a legislative body that cannot be independently verified through a freedom of information request may be less persuasive. With that knowledge, in a competitive electoral democracy, the public has the opportunity to turn out a specific leader or party from government, reversing previous policies that a leader might care about if foreign policy corruption is uncovered.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Private Information, Public Mobilization, and Foreign Policy Ability</head><p>The ebb of national security secrecy and the rising tide of publicly available information over time have important repercussions for domestic accountability and foreign policy ability. First, in states with effective legislative oversight, freedom of information laws, and press freedoms, it is more probable that a leader launching a war for private gain at public expense will be discovered ex post. While immediate secrecy makes executive foreign policy malfeasance possible, 27 retrospective accountability increases the costs of this behavior to the executive. If a president launched a war for private political or economic gain, effective legislative oversight would allow for soldiers, experts, and government officials to give public evidence, and press freedom would allow the press to publish both the legislative investigation and any information gleaned from whistleblowers. Finally, the public could directly query the government for policy planning documents, budgets, and strategy memos through freedom of information laws that do not exempt national security issues in full. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,414.22,600.98,115.31,9.30" target="#b10">Brody and Shapiro (1989)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="7,313.80,613.93,105.43,9.30" target="#b47">Page and Shapiro (1995)</ref> provide evidence of the press, interest groups, and the legislature working together to investigate previous policy decision and motives involving aid to the Contras in Nicaragua as well as during the latter years and aftermath of the Vietnam War. All democratic foreign policy decisions face some level of dissent and skepticism <ref type="bibr" coords="8,201.67,113.86,66.20,9.30" target="#b23">(Gaubatz 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,272.57,113.86,25.60,9.30;8,62.05,126.81,41.89,9.30">Holsti 1996, 183)</ref>. The informative variation comes in the shape of a state's ability to convince the public, especially skeptical opposition partisans, to support a policy. Without accountability on national security issues, leaders in democracies are less able to credibly signal that their policies are in the public interest. This is likely to lead to domestic foreign policy schisms such as existed in France in the late nineteenth century where rival domestic coalitions disagreed whether Germany or Great Britain was the primary enemy <ref type="bibr" coords="8,115.15,243.39,178.73,9.30">(Colaresi, Rasler, and Thompson 2007, 104)</ref>.</p><p>Knowing that networks of oversight institutions raise the costs of foreign policy corruption, the public can increase its certainty that proposed foreign policy programs are targeted at providing the public good of security rather than private leadership benefits. For example, in the United States, when the president announces that a new threat has arisen across the globe, the public will be unaware of the particulars of this threat assessment, and some might even doubt whether the threat has been manufactured for political gain; however, retrospective accountability institutions make it more likely that the public will support military preparations to meet and supersede the threat. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,137.85,409.98,7.03,6.51">28</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="8,147.18,411.74,108.41,9.30">Johnson (2006, 30-31, 34)</ref> notes that the growth of the national security state and the Pentagon budget at the dawn of the Cold War became integrally intertwined with the Legislative Reorganization Act and the empowering of committees, particularly the Senate Armed Services Committee. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,182.79,476.51,91.81,9.30">Fisher (2007, 284-85)</ref> finds that U.S. foreign policy setbacks were more likely when the president sealed policy from democratic checks and failed to engage with the public, the press, and the legislative branch. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,113.61,528.31,59.68,9.30" target="#b77">Wright (1994)</ref> argues that increasing legislative accountability and executive openness in the United Kingdom would boost public engagement and mobilization. National security oversight can produce a virtuous cycle whereby the public can restrain corruption through ex post accountability, and the executive gains increased public support and mobilization even from a skeptical public. 29</p><p>This argument qualifies the previous assumption that all democratic leaders are accountable to the public on national security issues <ref type="bibr" coords="8,418.51,87.96,99.43,9.30" target="#b53">(Reiter and Stam 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,521.59,87.96,30.61,9.30;8,316.09,100.91,23.97,9.30" target="#b60">Schultz 2001)</ref> while opening theoretical space for private information to play a crucial role in foreign policy ability. Thus, it is only democracies with significant oversight institutions that can avoid the Scylla of excessive transparency costs and the Charybdis of public undermobilization to gain a foreign policy advantage over other types of states. The dual ability to count on private information (e.g., breaking codes, strategic surprise, threat assessment) and public mobilization (e.g., appropriations, political support, military recruitment) in foreign policy should be a potent mix. As democracies with oversight are prepared, supported, informed, and one step ahead, democracies absent national security accountability are likely to be underprepared, domestically divided, ignorant, and one step behind.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Using Disputes to Illuminate Latent Foreign Policy Ability</head><p>The above discussion leads to the hypothesis that the foreign policy ability of democracies with national security oversight institutions should be, ceteris paribus, higher than democracies that lack these types of institutions. While this seems to be a simple comparison, the task of measurement is significantly complicated by the fact that foreign policy ability is a latent trait. States have strong incentives to hide and misreport their foreign policy ability for strategic reasons, so as to shield vulnerabilities, unleash surprises, or bluff. Further, while historical measures of military and economic capabilities are available, they quantify only one piece of foreign policy effectiveness. In 1990, the USSR remained the second strongest state in the world according the the Correlates of War material capabilities data, but was internally divided and in the throes of dissolution. However, there are times when we receive signals as to the relative foreign policy ability of states. As eloquently put by Waltz when discussing the distribution of international power, "Like a flash of lightning, crises reveal the landscape's real features" <ref type="bibr" coords="8,425.70,631.48,26.47,9.30">(1979,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,455.73,631.48,17.16,9.30">152)</ref>. As armies mobilize and threats are made, bluffs are called, and military preparations peak. In 1967, while Egypt had four times responses to foreign policy information suggest that, indeed, the public responds reasonably to new information <ref type="bibr" coords="8,483.84,693.67,45.49,7.97" target="#b5">(Baum 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,530.77,693.67,21.38,7.97;8,316.09,703.63,68.38,7.97" target="#b6">Baum and Groeling 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,386.49,703.63,77.09,7.97" target="#b11">Brody and Page 1975;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,465.60,703.63,82.81,7.97" target="#b47">Page and Shapiro 1995)</ref>. The public need not be perfect, only responsive enough to deter private interest policy action on the part of the executive. the aggregate military capabilities of Israel, 30 Israel had a mobilized population, valuable strategic intelligence, and a successful plan. The resulting conflict illuminated the effectiveness gap at the time, in Israel's favor <ref type="bibr" coords="9,262.84,100.91,33.03,9.30;9,59.76,113.86,57.67,9.30">(Shlaim 2001, 241-42)</ref>. Dispute outcomes provide a snapshot of the relative ability of states.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A Bayesian Ordered Bradley-Terry Model of Foreign Policy Ability</head><p>This hypothesis raises the question of how to empirically estimate latent foreign policy abilities from the outcome of international disputes. To answer this, let each state i at some time t have foreign policy ability it . In a dyadic foreign policy crisis, where y i j t indexes the outcomes of a particular dispute for state i against state j at time t, the propensity for a winning outcome for state i will be a function of the difference between state i 's ability and the opponent state j 's abilities at time t, where j = i , and some stochastic component ⑀ i j t . <ref type="bibr" coords="9,194.27,314.27,7.03,6.51">31</ref> The mapping from the latent abilities to a measured outcome, y i j t , would be</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="9,59.76,360.49,236.11,82.08">y i j t = Lose if i − j ≤ −⑀ i j t Win if i − j &gt; −⑀ i j t This implies that P (y i j t = Win) = P r ( i − j &gt; −⑀ i j t ) = F ( i − j )<label>(1)</label></formula><p>and</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="9,96.67,465.43,163.21,28.10">P (y i j t = Lose) = P r ( i − j ≤ −⑀ i j t ) = 1 − F ( i − j )</formula><p>where F (·) is a cdf that maps the difference in abilities to the associated probabilities. The discussion in the previous section suggests that the abilities of each democratic state will vary, among other things, with the oversight institutions present in that state. If we drop the time subscript for clarity and let the observed institutional traits of state i be R i and those other observed traits that affect ability, such as material military capabilities, be C i , then we can express the ability of democracy i as</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="9,119.58,635.71,122.13,11.16">i = 1 + ␤ R R i + ␤ C C i + ⑀ i .</formula><p>(2) <ref type="bibr" coords="9,59.76,666.45,5.74,5.31">30</ref> As measured again by the Correlates of War material capabilities data. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,59.76,692.35,5.74,5.31">31</ref> Here we are assuming that the greater the difference in the latent foreign policy ability of two states, the greater the probability that the stronger state gains a positive outcome of the dispute, subject to ceiling and floor effects.</p><p>The ␤ terms represent potentially nonscalar linear weights that link the observed traits to the outcome of interest, 32 and ⑀ i represents the unmeasured portion of state foreign policy ability. 1 represents the intercept. 33 Substituting (2) into (1) yields</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="9,338.98,132.45,186.69,28.10">P (y i j = Win) = F ( 1 − 2 + ␤ R (R i − R j ) + ␤ C (C i − C j ) + ⑀ i − ⑀ j ).</formula><p>In this formulation, ␤ weights that are positive increase a state's ability and thus the probability of a win, all else equal.</p><p>This formulation is similar to the well-known structured Bradley-Terry model for paired comparisons that has been used to analyze the abilities of sports teams <ref type="bibr" coords="9,313.80,247.54,58.97,9.30" target="#b0">(Agresti 2002)</ref>, journal citation patterns <ref type="bibr" coords="9,489.01,247.54,56.46,9.30" target="#b68">(Stigler 1994)</ref>, and animal behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="9,412.47,260.49,105.32,9.30" target="#b69">(Stuart-Fox et al. 2005)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,522.21,258.73,7.03,6.51">34</ref> For present purposes there are two additional complications. The first can be seen in the additive random effect terms (⑀ i and ⑀ j ) for each country in the dispute. Ignoring these disturbances, as has been done in the past, 35 assumes the observed covariates measure state ability without error. This would seem unlikely, a priori. The inclusion of the random effect allows us to look at the posterior distribution of the variance of the ability parameters for democracies and nondemocracies. The second complication is that all international conflicts do not end in a victory for one side or the other. In fact, international draws are the modal category for militarized interstate disputes. Therefore, our unobserved latent abilities will result in wins, draws, or losses. As previously suggested by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,498.50,441.82,47.09,9.30" target="#b73">Tutz (1986)</ref>, we can handle ties in Bradley-Terry models by adding a threshold, 36 &gt; 0, to model the difficulty of generating a win for either side. Thus, we can reexpress y i j t as the observed index of state i losing, drawing, or winning a 32 For example, in one analysis below there are six control variables and thus C i would be a 6 × N matrix (N being the number of observations) and ␤ C would be a 1 × 6 matrix of weights. Each element of ␤ C is a coefficient in a generalized linear mixed-model framework.</p><p>33 I allow the intercepts, 1 and 2 , to vary across position in the dyad; thus, there may be distinct intercepts in the abilities equation for the member of the dyad which has the higher oversight score, in the first position, versus the lower score, in the second position. Only the difference 1 − 2 is identified, and thus it is this difference that is presented in the supporting information. Zeroing out this term does not influence the inferences drawn from the data. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,313.80,660.47,5.74,5.31">34</ref> See <ref type="bibr" coords="9,334.99,661.78,52.10,7.97" target="#b0">Agresti (2002)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="9,406.91,661.78,89.52,7.97" target="#b72">Turner and Firth (2010)</ref> for additional details. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,313.80,686.38,5.74,5.31">35</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,320.04,687.68,87.11,7.97" target="#b72">Turner and Firth (2010)</ref> include a useful discussion of <ref type="bibr" coords="9,517.66,687.68,32.20,7.97;9,313.80,697.65,22.26,7.97" target="#b67">Springall (1973)</ref>, where the random effects are assumed to be zero. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,313.80,712.28,5.74,5.31">36</ref> More thresholds can be added if additional categories are relevant. This point is returned to in the discussion of net fatalities. dispute as</p><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="10,62.05,70.83,222.06,162.85">y i j t = ⎧ ⎪ ⎨ ⎪ ⎩ Lose if i − j + ⑀ i j t &lt; − Draw if &gt; i − j + ⑀ i j t &gt; − Win if i − j + ⑀ i j t &gt; leading to P (y i j t = Lose) = P r ( i − j + ⑀ i j t ≤ − ) = F (− − ( i − j )) P (y i j t = Draw) = P r ( &gt; i − j + ⑀ i j t &gt; − ) = F ( − ( i − j )) − F (− − ( i − j ))</formula><p>and</p><formula xml:id="formula_5" coords="10,93.70,255.00,173.72,28.10">P (y i j t = Win) = P r ( i − j + ⑀ i j t &gt; ) = 1 − F ( − ( i − j ))</formula><p>Substituting (2) into the above equations produces</p><formula xml:id="formula_6" coords="10,64.81,306.80,231.50,129.72">P (y i j t = Loss) = F (− − 1 − 2 − ␤ R (R i − R j ) − ␤ C (C i − C j ) − ⑀ i + ⑀ j ) P (y i j t = Draw) = F ( − 1 − 2 − ␤ R (R i − R j ) − ␤ C (C i − C j ) − ⑀ i + ⑀ j ) − F (− − 1 − 2 − ␤ R (R i − R j ) − ␤ C (C i − C j ) − ⑀ i + ⑀ j ) P (y i j t = Win) = 1 − F ( − 1 − 2 − ␤ R (R i − R j ) − ␤ C (C i − C j ) − ⑀ i + ⑀ j )</formula><p>This model can be estimated within a Bayesian framework by selecting an inverse link function for F (·) and placing priors on the unobserved parameters. Specifically, I replace F (·) with the inverse logit 37 and use the following prior specification, where ␤ is a vector of coefficients and intercepts, and ⑀ is a stacking of the random effects: ␤ ∼ N (0, 1 × 10 −8 ), ⑀ ∼ N (0, 2 ), ∼ |N (0, .01)|, ∼ U(0, 10). The priors on ␤ are diffuse and contain little information, 38 and the prior on is a Half Normal distribution. I will refer to this model as a Bayesian Ordered Bradley-Terry Model (BOB-T) for brevity. This model allows us to compute the probability of a democratic state winning a dispute against another state conditioning on its national security-relevant oversight institutions and other observable traits.</p><p>Further, the framework is flexible enough to accommodate more nuanced indicators of relative abilities between states, such as the difference between state i and state j 's fatalities in a dispute. For the measurement of net fatalities, we can define F (·) now as the normal cdf and include the observed thresholds for the fatality intervals. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,345.87,138.00,7.03,6.51">39</ref> This type of analysis is analogous to inferring abilities from point differentials in sports and is similar to interval regression with two additive random effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Research Design</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measuring Foreign Policy Disputes and Success</head><p>To measure foreign policy success after 1970, I rely on the Dyadic Militarized Interstate Dispute data (DYAD-MID) version 2.0 <ref type="bibr" coords="10,388.27,291.85,50.91,9.30" target="#b42">(Maoz 2005)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,443.59,290.10,7.03,6.51">40</ref> These data include measures of both the participants and outcomes of events where force was threatened, shown, or utilized. The dyadic conflicts are coded only for those states that came into conflict and the coding procedure avoids pairing all states on each side of a militarized dispute against each other. 41 I code policy success when a state is either victorious in a dispute or forces the other side to yield. Similar dyadic militarized dispute outcome data have been used in research by <ref type="bibr" coords="10,504.21,408.41,47.99,9.30;10,316.09,421.36,87.45,9.30" target="#b63">Senese and Quackenbush (2003)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="10,423.25,421.36,56.62,9.30" target="#b28">Hensel (1994)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,484.19,419.61,7.03,6.51">42</ref> This gives us a sample of 449 dyadic disputes, of which 44 end in victory for one side or the other.</p><p>As an alternative to using dispute outcomes, I also measure foreign policy success by using net enemy fatalities. 43 Drawing inferences from enemy fatalities less own fatalities within militarized interstate disputes is complicated by the available data. The MID 3.02 data include information on six different ranges of casualties. Further, we do not observe the upper bound of the highest fatality 39 This is discussed in the supporting information in more detail. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,316.09,574.79,5.74,5.31">40</ref> The DYADMID data were cross-checked with version 3.02 of the original MID data- <ref type="bibr" coords="10,401.34,586.06,128.55,7.97" target="#b24">Ghosn, Palmer, and Bremer (2004)</ref>-with respect to outcomes. If there was a discrepancy, the DYADMID coding was used.</p><p>interval. These ranges are supplemented with exact fatalities in a subset of cases. Therefore, instead of having a scalar dependent variable for each case, we now have two values that define the net fatality interval. I use both <ref type="bibr" coords="11,59.76,113.86,55.52,9.30" target="#b42">Maoz (2005)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="11,139.73,113.86,151.79,9.30" target="#b24">Ghosn, Palmer, and Bremer (2004)</ref>, along with historical research, to code the net fatalities into nine categories. These observed boundaries of net fatality categories serve as the k 's in the interval-level BOB-T model discussed in the supporting information. I keep all dyadic disputes from <ref type="bibr" coords="11,184.02,178.63,53.72,9.30" target="#b42">Maoz (2005)</ref> that included one democracy, regardless of their oversight institutions, as differentiated by a Polity score <ref type="bibr" coords="11,196.20,204.53,99.68,9.30" target="#b34">(Jaggers and Gurr 1995)</ref> equal to or greater than 6. 44</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measuring Security Policy Information Institutions</head><p>In order to test the foreign policy effectiveness of national security oversight institutions, measures need to be developed that are sensitive to the institutional differences between domestic and foreign political processes in democracies. As international relations research has begun to focus on domestic-level predictors, scholars have borrowed measures of political institutions from comparative scholars. For example, the Polity measure of democracy has become a focal point of international political research on conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="11,187.12,406.86,104.34,9.30" target="#b34">(Jaggers and Gurr 1995)</ref>. This measure and others have proved entirely appropriate and eminently useful for numerous research topics. However, Polity or other similar measures obscure the specific distinctions between domestic and international political processes in general institutional tendencies. As discussed above, some states with very high democracy scores include both formal and informal mechanisms to shield international policy decisions from public view. A newly created database of retrospective security policy information institutions (r-SPII) uniquely measures the national security issue-specific distinctions between democracies from 1972 to 2000. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,216.16,560.51,7.03,6.51">45</ref> The database was constructed through historical research and secondary analysis of preexisting datasets on the three retrospective information revelation tools detailed above. These are (1) freedom of information laws and their national security exemptions, (2) legislative oversight powers specifically on security issues, and (3) press freedom/free speech, as discussed in the previous sections. A full discussion of the <ref type="bibr" coords="11,59.76,676.41,5.74,5.31">44</ref> In the few disputes that had democracies facing off against each other, state i was the state with the greater oversight score; see below. This is done merely for ordering and to avoid the double counting of observations, since this is merely one dispute. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,59.76,722.24,5.74,5.31">45</ref> On an annual basis. coding of these variables can be found in the supporting materials and in the online codebook <ref type="bibr" coords="11,483.66,75.01,61.82,9.30" target="#b14">(Colaresi 2011)</ref>. Both the freedom of information and legislative oversight components were coded through historical research into the relevant laws and parliamentary procedures. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,522.09,112.10,7.03,6.51">46</ref> The press freedom component relies on the Freedom House civil liberties measure. 47 This measures the right of citizens to voice opposition, the key component in any retrospective diffusion of information on government foreign policy malfeasance. The underlying data include measures ranging from 0 to 1 on all three subcomponents.</p><p>All three components are scaled from 0 to 1 and averaged to create an index of security policy information institutions that ranges from 0 to 1. Information has been collected for 70 democracies. 48 Only democracies 49 are coded. This allows us to explore the variation within a category that has been previously treated as homogenous. Democracies may or may not have national security-relevant institutional mechanisms, as I highlight here. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,374.24,306.38,7.03,6.51">50</ref> The annual correlation between the SPII index and the Polity democracy score (ranging between 5 and 10 for the sample of democracies) varies around a mean of 0.66. For robustness, I also estimate a model that controls for the Polity democracy scores in the ability equations. This would guard against the inferential possibility that democracies with oversight are merely more democratic, as measured by Polity, and more effective on those grounds alone, compared to democracies absent oversight. The SPII index for state i is R i in the BOB-T models. 51</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control Variables</head><p>I also measure 52 several other variables whose absence might confound or inflate the relationship between the national security oversight institutions index and foreign policy ability. 53 I weigh a state's prestige and status by including whether a state is a major power or not. 54 To control for the material strength of a state, I measure the natural log of each state's capabilities in the dispute <ref type="bibr" coords="12,268.76,212.58,29.47,9.30;12,62.05,225.53,22.06,9.30" target="#b17">(Desch 2002)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,88.52,223.77,7.03,6.51">55</ref> Additionally, dispute outcomes may be linked to opponents that are not already involved in the dispute. For example, a state facing a strong external threat, such as Israel, from one or many rivals may find foreign policy success more difficult to achieve. Therefore, I control for the strength of a country's external rivals. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,234.27,288.54,7.03,6.51">56</ref> Previous research by <ref type="bibr" coords="12,166.31,303.25,131.89,9.30;12,62.05,316.20,27.82,9.30" target="#b15">Colaresi, Rasler, and Thompson (2007)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="12,109.93,316.20,78.43,9.30" target="#b29">Hensel et al. (2008)</ref>, among others, has found evidence that disputes can be related to each other over time. There are three relevant dimensions to consider:</p><p>(1) simultaneous, cross-dispute effects; (2) deterministic trends in outcome probabilities the longer the elapsed time since the previous dispute; and (3) within-dyad conflict accumulation over time. Therefore, I record both the number of disputes in which a state becomes initially involved in each year and the time since the last dispute 51 Additionally, the state with the higher oversight score is associated with intercept 1 while the other state gets 2 . 52 Note that these variables enter the ability equations for a dispute participant, i , or j , measuring i or j , respectively. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,62.05,495.09,5.74,5.31">53</ref> It is important to note that several of these variables, including material capabilities, may be posttreatment in the sense that oversight institutions aid in mobilizing foreign policy resources. If, as expected, higher values of the r-SPII index lead to greater mobilization and material capabilities, and both then lead to higher foreign policy ability, the partial effect of the oversight institutions index when controlling for material capabilities will be attenuated. We should be able to see this when comparing the substantive size of the r-SPII coefficients across specifications. I include these variables in select specifications because they may give a conservative picture of the empirical benefits of oversight institutions. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,62.05,610.66,5.74,5.31">54</ref> Major power is coded dichotomously. The information comes from the COW project (Correlates of War Project, n.d.). <ref type="bibr" coords="12,62.05,636.56,5.74,5.31">55</ref> Power capabilities come from the well-known COW capabilities index, version 3.02 <ref type="bibr" coords="12,131.39,647.84,46.85,7.97" target="#b65">(Singer 1987)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,62.05,662.46,5.74,5.31">56</ref> Coded from Thompson's list of strategic rivalries <ref type="bibr" coords="12,255.00,663.78,43.19,7.97;12,62.05,673.74,18.90,7.97" target="#b71">(Thompson 2001)</ref>. Specifically, external threat/rival strength is measured by taking the natural log of the sum of all rival capabilities. A small start-up value is added to all threat observations (.01). This represents the theoretical expectation that all states feel some small quantity of external pressure, even if they are not involved in a rivalry.</p><p>between the pair of disputants to measure components of the first two effects. Even a major power like the United States cannot simultaneously start and easily win multiple disputes. Further, recent crises between the same disputants might signal a conflict that is difficult to resolve and unlikely to lead to victory on either side. I additionally code the number of previous disputes between the two states as well as the number of previous losses by one state in the dyad. These help to code for the third dimension of dependence.</p><p>Within a dispute, I measure the potential for firstmover advantage by including whether a state both moves first 57 and is an originator to the dispute rather than a joiner, per the MID data. Similarly, the potential for asymmetric effort in a dispute should be evident if one state is using force in a dispute, but the other state does not. Therefore, I code a variable marking whether a state was using force. 58 As a robustness check on the results, I also subset the analyses by disputes where force was used on one side as well as by disputes where the United States was not involved. The role of the United States might sway outcomes towards more democratic victories, or it might be argued that states with high oversight only win smallscale disputes that fail to escalate towards uses of force. Summary statistics for the relevant variables are included in the supporting materials.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>A full table of results for four specifications of the BOB-T model of winning an interstate dispute is presented in the supporting materials. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,427.05,485.05,7.03,6.51">59</ref> In each specification, the representing national security oversight institutions is positive, suggesting that democracies with greater oversight have an increased probability of winning their international disputes, as compared to democracies with few institutional mechanisms for national security oversight. <ref type="figure" coords="12,340.60,564.52,33.51,9.30">Figure 2</ref> plots the posterior distribution of the oversight institutions coefficient for the four models. The first</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 2 The Posterior Density of the National Security Oversight Institution Coefficient across the Four Specifications of the Bayesian Ordered Bradley-Terry Model</head><p>Note: The thick black lines on the x-axis indicate 90% highest posterior density (HPD) intervals, and the black dots represent the means. A tabular summary of the posterior distributions of the parameters can be found in the supporting materials. model includes only the national security oversight institutions index. The second adds the structural controls such as material capabilities, major power status, external threat burden, and other ongoing militarized disputes as well as controls for the previous number of disputes and losses within the dyad. The third model adds the intracrisis variables, who moved first and whether asymmetric force was present, as described above. Model 4 presents a more parsimonious parameterization that probes whether controlling for major power status was masking the effect of capabilities on foreign policy ability. Consistently, the changes in the specification do not substantively alter the mean or spread of the posterior estimate for oversight institutions. In Models 1, 2, and 4, there is less than a 0.01 probability, respectively, that the effect of oversight institutions on conflict outcomes is zero or less. In Model 3, this probability rises only slightly to 0.02. Thus, given the data and priors, there are posterior probabilities greater than 0.98 that the effect of oversight institutions on foreign policy ability is greater than zero. Substantively, we are interested in how the underlying probability of victory changes as we increase national security oversight institutions. This is explored in <ref type="figure" coords="13,513.37,577.47,32.77,9.30">Figure 3</ref>, which plots the posterior probability of a democratic state with strong oversight (top) and a democratic state lacking oversight (middle) winning a dispute against a nondemocracy while enjoying a capability advantage. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,523.04,627.51,7.03,6.51">60</ref> The bottom panel of the figure represents the estimated difference between these two scenarios. A democracy with</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 3 The Posterior Probability of Winning a Dispute as Oversight Increases</head><p>Note: The estimated posterior probability of winning a dispute for a democracy with strong oversight (top panel) and a democracy that lacks oversight (middle panel). The bottom panel illustrates the difference between the posterior distributions of these scenarios. The thick black lines on the x-axis represent 90% HPD intervals, and the black dots represent the means. strong oversight institutions is estimated to have a .28 probability of winning such an encounter, with an 90% central credible interval (CCI) of (0.11, 0.52), as compared to a 0.06 estimated posterior probability of victory for a democracy with no oversight advantage. 61 Moving from an institutional setting that lacks oversight to one with strong oversight is estimated to increase the probability of a foreign policy victory by .22 with a 90% CCI of (0.04, 0.46) in absolute terms and by 350% in relative risk terms. These results are consistent with the hypothesis <ref type="bibr" coords="14,62.05,722.24,5.74,5.31">61</ref> Here the 90% central credible interval is (0.02, 0.13). that oversight institutions, through retrospective rather than simultaneous public accountability in national security policy, uniquely allow democracies to accrue foreign policy benefits from both private information and public mobilization. Democracies that fail to maintain these oversight institutions are less likely to win their foreign policy disputes.</p><p>To probe the plausibility of this finding further, I conducted a battery of additional tests. First, I used net fatalities in disputes as an alternative measure of dispute</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 4 The Posterior Expected Value of Additional Net Enemy Fatalities (Enemy Fatalities Minus Own Fatalities) for a Democracy with Oversight versus a Democracy without Oversight Over National Security Policy from the Interval Regression Version of the Bradley-Terry Model</head><p>Note: The thick black line on the x-axis represents the 90% HPD interval, and the black dot represents the mean.</p><p>outcomes. 62 In this interval regression version of the BOB-T model, the results remained consistent with the foreign policy efficacy of oversight institutions with the posterior probability that the national security oversight coefficient is greater than zero being more than .96%. <ref type="figure" coords="15,59.76,569.10,34.25,9.30">Figure 4</ref> plots the posterior distribution of the estimated effect of increasing the national security oversight index from its minimum to its maximum. This suggests that increasing the strength of oversight institutions from 0 to .8 (approximately equal to the Netherlands in 2000) leads to an expected increase in net enemy fatalities of 93 with a 90% CCI of (10, 157). 63 62 Replacing wins, draws, or losses with an interval that matched the scale of net own versus enemy fatalities. This is described in the data section above and further in the supporting information. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,59.76,702.32,5.74,5.31">63</ref> The mean of the posterior distribution for the national security oversight coefficient was 103, with a standard deviation of 56 and a 90% CCI of (12, 196).</p><p>Three other robustness checks were conducted using the original BOB-T model. First, I dropped all cases where force was not used by at least one side. There are two related reasons for this. First, it could be the case that democracies with oversight are only winning inconsequential crises that are not worth fighting about. Second, despite the reduction in sample size, the effectiveness of oversight institutions should remain stable in militarized crises since it is in these cases that the benefits of secrecy and mobilization are manifest. When a BOB-T model is estimated using only disputes where force was used, the mean of the posterior distribution for the national security oversight coefficient was 2.73, with a standard deviation of 1.45 and a 90% CCI of (.45, 5.18). The posterior probability of this parameter being less than or equal to zero is less than 0.023. Therefore, the posterior inferences we draw from all disputes and only militarized disputes is substantively similar. Additionally, I removed all cases where the United States was an actor in the dispute. Using all non-U.S. disputes, the parameter for oversight institutions was estimated to be 3.13 with a standard deviation of 2.12. This yields a posterior probability of oversight failing to increase foreign policy ability of less than .06%. In the force and non-U.S. subset analyses, the posterior probability that the national security oversight coefficient is greater than zero was greater than .97 and .94, respectively. Again, this provides evidence that is consistent with the theory.</p><p>In the final robustness check, I controlled for the Polity score for the democratic state in the dyad. This variable ranges in the sample from 6 to 10. In this analysis, not only did the effect of oversight institutions remain stable, where the posterior parameter mean was 2.13 with a 90% HPD of (0.21, 4.25) and a prior probability that the oversight parameter was greater than zero equal to 96%, but also the partial effect of the democracy score on the probability of a state winning a dispute was inconclusive. The parameter for democracy had a posterior mean and standard deviation of −0.01 with an 80% HPD of (−0.12, 0.11). Thus, the posterior probability mass for the Polity democracy score was centered around zero, while the mass for the national security oversight index was positive. This is consistent with the inference that oversight institutions are important components of democratic success, mirroring the results illustrated in <ref type="figure" coords="16,62.05,411.75,32.86,9.30">Figure 3</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,98.68,409.98,7.03,6.51">64</ref> The results for the other variables in the BOB-T models are mixed. Plots of the posterior distribution of the other variables that are of interest along with their 80% HPD are included in the supporting materials. The most consistent finding is that the use of force and moving first had meaningful, although opposite effects, on the probability of victory. Not surprisingly, using force increased the probability of victory. On the other hand, moving first was associated with a lower win probability. Additionally, becoming involved in multiple disputes simultaneously is estimated to decrease the probability of a foreign policy victory. The parameters measuring the number of previous disputes and losses had inconsistent effects across Models 2 and 3. However, the posterior probability that both of these parameters, along with the time since the previous dispute, were simultaneously equal to zero was less than .85.</p><p>Taken together, the results robustly support the importance of national security oversight institutions in understanding democratic success. Using dispute outcomes, 64 A discussion of the random effects can be found in the supporting materials. I ran similar BOB-T models with and without the random effect terms and found that the uncertainty estimates around the coefficients shrank by approximately 20%. fatalities, and distinct subsets of observations over several different specifications, oversight institutions are estimated to increase the expected foreign policy ability of democracies. Further, these oversight institutions are not merely a proxy for more democratization, since even when controlling for the democracy level of the states, oversight continues to predict greater foreign policy ability and success.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>The allied World War II slogan "loose lips might sink ships" has been echoed by some international relations scholars in their pessimistic outlook on democratic foreign policy efficacy <ref type="bibr" coords="16,405.67,269.28,69.91,9.30" target="#b38">(Kissinger 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,480.62,269.28,71.60,9.30" target="#b41">Lippmann 1922;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,316.09,282.24,76.74,9.30" target="#b46">Morgenthau 1967)</ref>. It is hard to argue against the notion that all states need some level of immediate secrecy to carry out effective national security policy. Complete operational transparency would compromise troop movement, weapon effectiveness, planning, and any element of surprise. On the other hand, as scholars of domestic political accountability stress, secrecy comes with potential costs, including the increased opportunities for leaders to act in their private interest and at a decreased propensity to mobilize skeptical citizens. Recently, the ambivalent role of secrecy in foreign policy has reached the headlines with the Wikileaks scandals. This research helps to broaden the simplistic argument that all national security leaks are equally costly. A focus on transparency cost deflation suggests that old information that comes to light will be, on average, less detrimental to U.S. interests than newer information. Therefore, the Afghanistan War Diary leaks, with the unredacted names of informants, may be more detrimental to security than the older diplomatic cable leaks. Additionally, a focus on accountability suggests that intermittent leaks of information to the public, while potentially incurring costs, also have benefits. Specifically, increased public confidence that secret information will eventually be released reassures potentially skeptical citizens that the executive is less likely to abuse secrecy for private ends.</p><p>Instead of arguing that secrecy should be avoided unconditionally or redacted in perpetuity, this article makes the case that transparency costs can be reduced through the delayed publication of national security secrets, and further that the mobilization-inhibiting costs of secrecy can be reduced through strong national security oversight institutions in democratic contexts. Further, I provide evidence that these national security oversight institutions increase the probability of foreign policy victory for democracies. Democracies that lack mechanisms to uncover classified information, ex post, are less able on the international security stage. This project has implications for research on a broad range of issues in international relations, constitutional studies, and comparative politics. For example, scholars in the democratic peace literature have attempted to test which types of institutions promote peace between states. One theory holds that accountability mechanisms are the key restraining influence on international war in democracies <ref type="bibr" coords="17,86.06,191.58,92.80,9.30" target="#b31">(Huth and Allee 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="17,181.41,191.58,100.75,9.30" target="#b58">Russett and Oneal 2000)</ref>. A focus on the national security oversight institutions suggests that a complementary constellation of mechanisms, rather than one magic electoral bullet, may be necessary to avoid executive corruption or undermobilization in democracies. Without retrospective information assurances, a leader is unlikely to be held accountable for private interest, rather than public interest, foreign policy. Knowing this, the public may doubt the motives of an executive's foreign policy choices. The expected outcome of democratic policy, under a regime of effective oversight, may not be unconditionally peaceful, but instead may reduce the private justifications for war, as compared to nondemocratic circumstances.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="4,62.05,656.49,236.09,9.29;4,62.05,667.77,236.12,7.97;4,62.05,677.73,70.99,7.97;4,62.05,692.35,236.08,9.29;4,62.05,703.63,236.10,7.97;4,62.05,713.59,236.10,7.97;4,62.05,723.56,127.14,7.97"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>13 See "Disinformation, Secrecy and Lies: How the Gaza Offensive Came About," Barak Ravid. Haaretz Israel News Source. December 27, 2008. 14 "Secrets and Leaks: The Costs and Consequences for National Security." Remarks by Congressman Pete Hoekstra, Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, to the Heritage Foundation. July 25, 2005.</figDesc></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="3">For example, had the Israeli public possessed accurate information a priori about the probable costs and benefit of the operation, it is doubtful the Egyptians or Syrians would not have learned of it and moved their planes, significantly altering the course of the conflict.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">For a summary of the disagreement on this issue, see<ref type="bibr" coords="2,510.33,713.59,41.86,7.97;2,316.09,723.56,56.95,7.97" target="#b61">Schultz and Weingast (2003)</ref>.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="8">However, see arguments by<ref type="bibr" coords="3,419.31,641.85,85.30,7.97" target="#b54">Reiter and Stam (2009)</ref> and<ref type="bibr" coords="3,523.69,641.85,26.21,7.97;3,313.80,651.82,72.55,7.97" target="#b61">Schultz and Weingast (2003)</ref>.9  Note that the UK Official Secrets Act is explicitly protected in the more recent Freedom of Information Act in Part II, section 44, and is thus still in force.10  A fuller list of 53 democracies, collected by the author, and a sampling of their statutes for keeping national security secrecy are included in the online appendix.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="15">See<ref type="bibr" coords="4,336.19,671.74,35.39,7.97" target="#b56">Risen and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,373.64,671.74,75.53,7.97" target="#b56">Lichtblau (2009) and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,451.24,671.74,51.63,7.97" target="#b70">Szilagyi (2010)</ref>.16  U.S. Budget Summary(2010).17  This was discussed in the 9/11 Commission Report in the United States and has served as one key motivation for the reorganization of intelligence services.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="18">Therefore, similar to<ref type="bibr" coords="5,140.75,673.74,57.07,7.97" target="#b1">Akerlof's (1970)</ref> market for used cars example, the executive is attempting to sell a policy to the public, but has an informational advantage over whether that policy is a lemon or not. This constellation of private information and motives can lead to market collapse, which would be analogous to lower public support.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="19">"The Report on the Covert Activities of the Central Intelligence Agency," September 30, 1954, available at http://www.foia.cia.gov/ helms/pdf/doolittle report.pdf, accessed on May 3, 2010. 20 "The Defense of the USA, Part I." CBS Report. 1981. Aired June 14, 2011. 21 See for example, "Insurgents Hack US Drones." Siobhan Gorman, Yochi Dreazen, and August Cole. Wall Street Journal, December 17.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="26">See "Troubled History of Official Secrets Act." BBC. November 18, 1998. Accessed May 1, 2010, http://news.bbc.co.uk/ 2/hi/uk news/216868.stm.27  In fact, other work formally modeling this process illustrates that either foreign policy corruption or underspending occurs in all equilibria. However, corruption is minimized as oversight institutions increase in effectiveness.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="28">This occurs because there is now a disincentive for a leader to propose foreign policies that accrue private benefits at public expense.29  For elections to be a useful deterrent to national security corruption, both information on that corruption needs to be publicized with high enough probability, and conditional on receiving that information, the public must be willing to punish a leader, her party, policies, or legacy to a sufficient degree. Research on public</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="37">Other binomial-family link functions such as the probit or cauchy are also possible. A probit specification leads to an ordered version of the Thurstone-Mosteller model.38  The priors for the normal distribution are given with precisions, rather than variances. Non-Bayesian models are presented in the supporting information.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="41">For example, this approach would make Poland a victor over Germany in World War II.42  The DYADMID dataset is preferred to looking at wars only, due to the limited number of Correlates of War (COW) interstate war events involving at least one democracy after 1970. For example, data from<ref type="bibr" coords="10,356.01,677.73,93.94,7.97" target="#b7">Bennett and Stam (1998)</ref> only include eight cases of democratic war participants within the study window. 43 I use theMID Ghosn, Palmer, and Bremer (2004)  definition of fatalities as battle-related deaths rather than the more amorphous casualties that often include injuries.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="46">For freedom of information laws,<ref type="bibr" coords="11,439.82,440.61,52.41,7.97" target="#b2">Banisar (2004)</ref> and the citation therein were useful starting points.47  In many ways, the Freedom House political press freedom measure would have been preferable, but the detail, scale, and range of coding have changed so considerably over time that temporal consistency cannot be ensured. The civil liberties measure was rescaled to run from 0 to 1, with 1 representing the greatest liberties.48  More details on the construction of the index as well as the list of democracies are available in the supporting information, as well as from the author, and will be published online. The major secondary sources for the index include<ref type="bibr" coords="11,423.28,552.20,52.02,7.97" target="#b2">Banisar (2004)</ref>,<ref type="bibr" coords="11,481.96,552.20,50.02,7.97" target="#b39">Kurian (1998)</ref>, the annual Freedom of the World surveys, and the collection of Library of Congress country studies.49  With a Polity democracy score greater than 5.50  Note that nominally information-producing institutions in nondemocracies are very rare empirically and of a significantly different quality, as compared to the oversight institutions discussed herein. For example, Zimbabwe passed the Access to Information and Privacy Protection Act in 2002, which might sound like a freedom of information law, but it is designed to punish both the diffusion of government information and dissent rather than protect the public's right to know<ref type="bibr" coords="11,395.72,673.74,51.48,7.97" target="#b2">(Banisar 2004)</ref>. In fact, the UK freedom of information group Article 19 described the Zimbabwe law as "the leading weapon of the government and the ruling ZANU PF party in their ongoing campaign to stifle independent media reporting in Zimbabwe" ("The Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act: Two Years On," accessed July 30, 2010).</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="57">This implies that the state is on "side a" in the MID data.58  This was measured as a 3 or above on the Hostility Level variable in the DYADMIDs data<ref type="bibr" coords="12,402.10,637.88,44.33,7.97" target="#b42">(Maoz 2005)</ref>.59  These results were computed using JAGS 2.0<ref type="bibr" coords="12,491.18,653.82,61.02,7.97" target="#b48">(Plummer 2003)</ref> running the Gibbs sampler for 505,000 iterations, discarding the first 5,000 runs and then keeping every 10th run for posterior inference on the 50,000 remaining samples. This chain passes the run-length criterion of<ref type="bibr" coords="12,400.56,693.67,111.33,7.97" target="#b27">Heidelberger and Welch (1983)</ref>. A smaller pilot run that was discarded was analyzed using the<ref type="bibr" coords="12,509.58,703.63,42.64,7.97;12,316.09,713.60,45.54,7.97" target="#b52">Raftery and Lewis (1992)</ref> diagnostic and suggested that this length of run would be more than adequate for posterior inference.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="60">Specifically, I calculate the posterior probability of a democracy winning an interstate dispute with the other variables set at their means in a dispute where the democracy uses force but does not move first. The posterior distributions of the parameters come from Model 4.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,418.38,236.11,8.41;17,71.71,428.83,24.06,8.41" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Categorical Data Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Agresti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,442.28,236.13,8.41;17,71.71,452.75,224.15,8.41;17,71.71,463.21,100.36,8.41" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Market for &apos;Lemons&apos;: Quality Uncertainty and the Market Mechanism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>Akerlof</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="488" to="500" />
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,476.65,236.10,8.41;17,71.71,487.12,224.14,8.41;17,71.71,497.58,130.80,8.41" xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Global Survey: Freedom of Information and Access to Government Record Laws Around the World</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Banisar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="Availableatwww.freedominfo.org" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,511.02,236.10,8.41;17,71.71,521.49,140.88,8.41" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The CIA and Congress: The Untold Story</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Lawrence: University Press of Kansas</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,534.94,236.07,8.41;17,71.71,545.39,224.14,8.41;17,71.71,555.86,224.16,8.41" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Lincoln-Douglas Debate at Ottawa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roy</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Basler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Collected Works of Abraham Lincoln</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Brunswick, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Rutgers University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1858" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,569.31,236.14,8.41;17,71.71,579.77,224.15,8.41;17,71.71,590.23,221.50,8.41" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public Opinion, Presidential Rhetoric, and the Domestic Politics of Audience Costs in US Foreign Policy Crises</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><surname>Baum</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="603" to="634" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,603.68,236.11,8.41;17,71.71,614.14,224.16,8.41;17,71.71,624.60,224.17,8.41;17,71.71,635.06,207.58,8.41" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Crossing the Water&apos;s Edge: Elite Rhetoric, Media Coverage and the Rally-Roundthe-Flag Phenomenon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><surname>Baum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tim</forename><surname>Groeling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">100th annual meeting of the American Political Science Association</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,648.51,236.16,8.41;17,71.71,658.97,224.20,8.41;17,71.71,669.43,224.17,8.41" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Declining Advantages of Democracy: A Combined Model of War Outcomes and Duration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allan</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Stam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="344" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,682.88,236.11,8.41;17,71.71,693.35,197.71,8.41" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Silent Victory: The US Submarine War Against Japan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clair</forename><surname>Blair</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Naval Institute Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Annapolis, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,59.76,706.79,236.12,8.41;17,71.71,717.25,224.13,8.41;17,325.76,62.71,224.17,8.41;17,325.76,73.16,151.20,8.41" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intelligence Accountability: A Comparative Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hans</forename><surname>Born</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ian</forename><surname>Leigh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Strategic Intelligence: Understanding the Hidden Side of Government</title>
		<editor>Loch K. Johnson</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Westport, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Greenwood</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="141" to="64" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,86.62,236.13,8.41;17,325.76,97.08,224.15,8.41;17,325.76,107.54,224.16,8.41;17,325.76,118.00,29.73,8.41" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Policy Failure and Public Support: The Iran-Contra Affair and Public Assessments of President Reagan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brody</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Catherine</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="353" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,131.45,236.14,8.41;17,325.76,141.91,224.16,8.41;17,325.76,152.37,224.17,8.41;17,325.76,162.83,29.73,8.41" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Impact of Events on Presidential Popularity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Brody</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><surname>Page</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Perspectives on the Presidency</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boston: Little, Brown</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Aaron Wildavsky</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="136" to="68" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,176.28,236.13,8.41;17,325.76,186.75,224.14,8.41;17,325.76,197.20,106.79,8.41" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Logic of Political Survival</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bueno De Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alastair</forename><surname>Bruce</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Randolph</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Siverson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Morrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,210.65,236.12,8.41;17,325.76,221.12,224.12,8.41;17,325.76,231.57,71.74,8.41" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Benefit of the Doubt: Testing an Informational Theory of the Rally</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Colaresi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="99" to="144" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,245.02,236.09,8.41;17,325.76,255.49,224.17,8.41;17,325.76,265.95,147.19,8.41" xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Codebook for the Security Policy Information Institutions (SPII) Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Colaresi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Michigan State University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Unpublished manuscript</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,279.39,236.12,8.41;17,325.76,289.86,224.18,8.41;17,325.76,300.32,195.83,8.41;17,313.80,313.76,236.09,8.41;17,325.76,324.23,190.96,8.41" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">State System Membership List</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Colaresi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><surname>Rasler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>v2004.1</idno>
		<ptr target="http://correlatesofwar.org.Forthcoming" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Strategic Rivalries in World Politics: Position, Space and Escalation</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Correlates of War Project. n.d</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,337.68,236.09,8.41;17,325.76,348.13,224.14,8.41;17,325.76,358.60,126.47,8.41" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Supply Side Theory of Mediation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Crescenzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kelly</forename><surname>Kadera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sara</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clayton</forename><forename type="middle">Tyne</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1069" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,372.05,236.11,8.41;17,325.76,382.51,215.40,8.41" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Democracy and Victory: Why Regime Type Hardly Matters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Desch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Security</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,395.96,236.13,8.41;17,325.75,406.42,224.16,8.41;17,325.75,416.89,163.02,8.41" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Smart and Tough Are Democracies? Reassessing Theories of Democratic Victory in War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Downes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Security</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,429.84,236.10,8.41;17,325.75,440.30,167.92,8.41" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Yalta and Potsdam: Forty Years Afterwards</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robin</forename><surname>Edmonds</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Affairs</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,453.74,236.12,8.41;17,325.75,464.21,224.18,8.41;17,325.75,474.67,101.61,8.41" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Domestic Political Audiences and the Escalation of International Disputes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Fearon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="577" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,488.11,236.12,8.42;17,325.76,498.57,74.93,8.41" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Presidential War Powers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Louis</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>University of Kansas Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Lawrence</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,512.02,236.11,8.41;17,325.76,522.48,186.02,8.41" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Reflections on the Cuban Missile Crisis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Raymond</forename><surname>Garthoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<publisher>Brookings Institution Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,535.93,236.12,8.41;17,325.76,546.39,224.16,8.41;17,325.76,556.85,97.39,8.41" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Elections and War: The Electoral Incentive in the Democratic Politics of War and Peace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kurt</forename><surname>Gaubatz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Stanford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Palo Alto, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,569.80,236.12,8.41;17,325.76,580.27,224.16,8.41;17,325.76,590.73,224.16,8.41;17,325.76,601.18,29.73,8.41" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Faten</forename><surname>Ghosn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Glenn</forename><surname>Palmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stuart</forename><surname>Bremer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Procedures, Coding Rules, and Description</title>
		<meeting>edures, Coding Rules, and Description</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="54" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The MID3 Data Set</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,614.64,236.10,8.41;17,325.76,625.10,149.56,8.41" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Secrecy and International Relations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Gibbs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="239" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.80,638.54,236.08,8.41;17,325.76,649.01,180.24,8.41" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Policing Politics: Security Intelligence and the Liberal Democratic State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Gill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<pubPlace>New York: Frank Cass</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.81,662.46,236.18,8.41;17,325.76,672.92,224.15,8.41;17,325.76,683.38,93.48,8.41" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simulation Run Length Control in the Presence of an Initial Transient</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Heidelberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Welch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Operations Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1109" to="1153" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,313.81,696.83,236.12,8.41;17,325.76,707.29,224.15,8.41;17,325.76,717.75,120.11,8.41" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One Thing Leads to Another: Recurrent Militarized Disputes in Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Hensel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="281" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,62.70,236.08,8.41;18,74.00,73.16,224.16,8.41;18,74.00,83.63,224.13,8.41;18,74.00,94.09,54.81,8.41" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bones of Contention: Comparing Territorial, Maritime and River Issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hensel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sara</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Sowers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clayton</forename><forename type="middle">Tyne</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="160" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,107.53,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,118.00,156.33,8.41" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Public Opinion and American Foreign Policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ole</forename><surname>Holsti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>University of Michigan Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Ann Arbor</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,131.45,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,141.91,224.18,8.41;18,74.00,152.37,116.81,8.41" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Democratic Peace and Territorial Conflict in the Twentieth Century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Huth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><surname>Allee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>University of Cambridge Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,165.82,236.07,8.41;18,74.00,176.28,224.14,8.41;18,74.00,186.74,157.88,8.41" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">After Victory: Institutions, Strategic Restraint and the Rebuilding of Order after Major Wars</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ikenberry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,200.19,236.09,8.41;18,74.00,210.65,224.16,8.41;18,74.00,221.11,21.45,8.41" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">France and the Nazi Menace: Intelligence and Policy Making</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1933" to="1939" />
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,234.56,236.07,8.41;18,74.00,245.02,224.13,8.41;18,74.00,255.49,221.97,8.41" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transitions to Democracy: Tracking Democracy&apos;s Third Wave with the POLITY III Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Keith</forename><surname>Jaggers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tedd</forename><forename type="middle">Robert</forename><surname>Gurr</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="469" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,268.93,236.13,8.41;18,74.00,279.39,106.99,8.41" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">America&apos;s Secret Power</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Loch</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,292.85,236.10,8.41;18,74.00,303.30,153.77,8.41" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Congress and the Cold War</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,316.76,236.13,8.41;18,74.00,327.22,28.82,8.41" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Seizing the Enigma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Kahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<pubPlace>New York; Houghton Mifflin</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,340.66,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,351.13,33.87,8.41" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henry</forename><surname>Kissinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Simon and Schuster</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,364.58,236.08,8.41;18,74.00,375.03,224.19,8.41;18,74.00,385.50,26.52,8.41" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>Kurian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">World Encyclopedia of Parliaments and Legislatures</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>London</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Inter-Parliamentary Union</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,398.95,236.10,8.41;18,74.00,409.41,201.52,8.41" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Powerful Pacifists: Democratic States and War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Lake</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="24" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,422.86,236.11,8.41" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Public Opinion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Walter</forename><surname>Lippmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1922" />
			<publisher>Free Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,436.31,236.16,8.41;18,74.00,446.76,224.14,8.41;18,74.00,457.23,197.08,8.41" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dyadic Militarized Interestate Disputes (version 2.0)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zeev</forename><surname>Maoz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://psfaculty.ucdavis.edu/zmaoz/dyadmid.html" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Dataset</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005-06-15" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,470.68,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,481.14,101.75,8.41" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Democratic Commitments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,494.59,236.09,8.41;18,74.00,505.05,224.14,8.41;18,74.00,515.51,68.77,8.41" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lying in International Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Mearsheimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">100th annual meeting of the American Political Science Meeting</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,528.96,236.08,8.41;18,74.00,539.42,224.15,8.41;18,74.00,549.88,101.75,8.41" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Interests, Institutions and Information: Domestic Politics and International Relations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Helen</forename><surname>Milner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,563.33,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,573.79,48.10,8.41" xml:id="b46">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hans</forename><surname>Morgenthau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Politics among Nations</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Knopf</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,587.25,236.11,8.41;18,74.00,597.70,224.18,8.41;18,74.00,608.16,105.47,8.41" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Rational Public: Fifty Years of Trends in Americans&apos; Policy Preferences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><surname>Page</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,621.62,236.12,8.41;18,74.00,632.08,224.19,8.41;18,74.00,642.53,224.11,8.41;18,74.00,652.99,197.52,8.41" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">JAGS: A Program for Analysis of Bayesian Graphical Models Using Gibbs Sampling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martyn</forename><surname>Plummer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Distributed Statistical Computing</title>
		<meeting>the 3rd International Workshop on Distributed Statistical Computing<address><addrLine>Vienna, Austria</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,666.45,236.10,8.41;18,74.00,676.91,192.19,8.41" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Inside the Pentagon Papers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Prados</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margaret</forename><forename type="middle">Pratt</forename><surname>Portier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>University of Kansas Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Lawrence</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,62.05,690.36,236.08,8.41;18,74.00,700.82,224.09,8.41;18,74.00,711.28,54.81,8.41" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diplomacy and Domestic Politics: The Logic of Two-Level Games</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Putnam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="427" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,62.71,236.12,8.41;18,328.04,73.17,71.69,8.41" xml:id="b51">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Rabin Memoirs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yitzhak</forename><surname>Rabin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,86.62,236.09,8.41;18,328.04,97.08,224.14,8.41;18,328.04,107.54,174.17,8.41" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One Long Run with Diagnostics: Implementation Strategies for Markov Chain Monte Carlo</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Raftery</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Statistical Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="493" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,120.99,236.10,8.41;18,328.04,131.45,157.90,8.41" xml:id="b53">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Democracies at War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dan</forename><surname>Reiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allan</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,144.90,236.10,8.41;18,328.04,155.36,224.13,8.41;18,328.04,165.82,142.58,8.41" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Correspondence: Another Skirmish in the Battle over Democracies and War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dan</forename><surname>Reiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allan</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Security</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,179.27,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,189.73,224.15,8.41;18,328.04,200.19,224.15,8.41;18,328.04,210.65,224.12,8.41;18,328.04,221.11,53.36,8.41" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neoclassical Realism and Domestic Interest Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norrin M ;</forename><surname>Ripsman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Steven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norrin</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lobell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ripsman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Taliaferro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cambridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Neoclassical Realism, the State and Foreign Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="170" to="93" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,234.56,236.09,8.41;18,328.04,245.02,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,255.49,34.27,8.41" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Media Incentives and National Security Secrets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Risen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><surname>Lichtblau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">122</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2228" to="2277" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,268.93,236.15,8.41;18,328.04,279.39,215.41,8.41" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Flawed Logic of the Democratic Peace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sebastian</forename><surname>Rosato</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Reivew</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="585" to="602" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,292.84,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,303.30,77.33,8.41" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Triangulating Peace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Russett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Oneal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>W. W. Norton</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,316.76,236.10,8.41;18,328.04,327.22,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,337.67,120.21,8.41" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><surname>Sagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeremi</forename><surname>Suri</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Madman Nuclear Alert: Secrecy, Signaling, and Safety in October</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1969" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="150" to="83" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,351.13,236.10,8.41;18,328.04,361.59,153.78,8.41" xml:id="b60">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><surname>Schultz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Democracy and Coercive Diplomacy</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,375.03,236.12,8.41;18,328.04,385.50,224.17,8.41;18,328.04,395.96,20.64,8.41" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Democratic Advantage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><surname>Schultz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barry</forename><surname>Weingast</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization Winter</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,409.40,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,419.87,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,430.33,59.35,8.41" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Unanswered Threats: A Neoclassical Realist Theory of Underbalancing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Randall</forename><surname>Schweller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Security</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="159" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,443.78,236.09,8.41;18,328.04,454.24,224.11,8.41;18,328.04,464.70,206.13,8.41" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sowing the Seeds of Conflict: The Effect of Dispute Settlements on Durations of Peace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Senese</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Quackenbush</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="696" to="717" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,478.15,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,488.61,52.36,8.41" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Iron Wall: Israel and the Arab World</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Avi</forename><surname>Shlaim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<pubPlace>New York; Norton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,502.06,236.10,8.41;18,328.04,512.52,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,522.99,132.01,8.41" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reconstructing the Correlates of War Dataset on Material Capabilities of States, 1816-1985</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Singer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Interactions</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="147" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,536.43,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,546.89,224.15,8.41;18,328.04,557.36,21.45,8.41" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Myths of Empire: Domestic Politics and International Ambition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jack</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Snyder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Cornell University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Ithaca, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,570.80,236.07,8.41;18,328.04,581.26,224.15,8.41;18,328.04,591.73,115.39,8.41" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response Surface Fitting Using a Generalization of the Bradley-Terry Paired Comparison Model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Springall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Applied Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="59" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="1973" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,606.17,236.12,8.41;18,328.04,616.63,219.52,8.41" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Citation Patterns in the Journals of Statistics and Probability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Stigler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Statistical Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="94" to="108" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,631.08,236.11,8.41;18,328.04,641.53,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,652.00,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,662.46,94.98,8.41" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multiple Signals in Chameleon Contests: Designing and Analysing Animal Contests as a Tournament</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Stuart-Fox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Firth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Moussalli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Whiting</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Animal Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1263" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,316.09,676.90,236.09,8.41;18,328.04,687.36,224.14,8.41;18,328.04,697.83,224.16,8.41;18,328.04,708.29,137.44,8.41" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Blowing Its Cover: How the Intelligence Identities Protection Act Has Masqueraded as an Effective Law and Why It Must Be Amended</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Szilagyi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">William and Mary Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2269" to="2312" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,59.76,62.70,236.10,8.41;19,71.71,73.16,208.87,8.41" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Identifying Rivalries in World Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="557" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,59.76,85.62,236.10,8.41;19,71.71,96.08,224.22,8.41;19,71.71,106.54,86.56,8.41" xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bradley-Terry Models in R: The BradleyTerry2 Package</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Heather</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Firth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Warwick</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Unpublished manuscript</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,59.76,118.99,236.06,8.41;19,71.71,129.46,224.16,8.41;19,71.71,139.92,29.72,8.41" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bradley-Terry-Luce Models with an Ordered Response</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerhard</forename><surname>Tutz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Mathmatical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="306" to="322" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,313.80,62.70,236.21,8.41;19,325.75,73.16,214.39,8.41" xml:id="b74">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Government Print Office</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Budget Summary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.gpoaccess.gov/usbudget/fy10/pdf/budget/" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,313.80,86.62,236.11,8.41;19,325.76,97.08,101.93,8.41" xml:id="b75">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Foreign Policy and Democratic Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><surname>Waltz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
			<pubPlace>Boston, MA: Little, Brown</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,313.80,110.03,236.13,8.41;19,325.76,120.49,97.20,8.41" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><surname>Waltz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">The Theory of International Politics. Reading</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Addison Wesley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,313.80,133.45,236.06,8.41;19,325.76,143.90,127.07,8.41" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Citizens and Subjects: An Essay on British Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tony</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Routledge Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
