<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Loyal rebels? A test of the normative conflict model of constructive deviance</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
							<email>dahling@tcnj.edu</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The College of New Jersey</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Ewing</settlement>
									<region>New Jersey</region>
									<country key="US">U.S.A</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Melissa</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Gutworth</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Feliciano School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Montclair State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Montclair</settlement>
									<region>New Jersey</region>
									<country key="US">U.S.A</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<address>
									<addrLine>2000 Pennington Rd</addrLine>
									<postCode>08628</postCode>
									<settlement>Ewing</settlement>
									<region>NJ</region>
									<country key="US">U.S.A</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Loyal rebels? A test of the normative conflict model of constructive deviance</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.2194</idno>
					<note>R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E Correspondence Jason J. Dahling, Department of Psychology, The College of New Jersey,</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:58+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>dissent</term>
					<term>organizational deviance</term>
					<term>organizational rules</term>
					<term>resistance</term>
					<term>social identity</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Constructive deviance is a voluntary behavior that violates organizational rules but is conducted with honorable intentions to benefit the organization or its stakeholders. Despite emerging interest in this behavior, the antecedents of constructive deviance remain unclear, with particular ambiguity concerning the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance.</p><p>In this article, we address this ambiguity with the normative conflict model, which posits that organizational identity drives constructive deviance in the workplace only when people perceive normative conflict with organizational rules. In Studies 1a and 1b, we develop and validate a measure of normative conflict. In Study 2, we conduct a preliminary test of the model with employed students and find that identity is positively related to constructive deviance only when normative conflict is high. In Study 3, we replicate and extend the model to show that the moderating effect of normative conflict is mediated by experienced psychological discomfort and that organizational identity is positively related to constructive deviance among working adults only when discomfort is high. In total, our findings demonstrate the utility of the normative conflict model for explaining when constructive deviance is mostly likely to occur in the workplace.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>To clarify the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance, we draw on a recent theory of group dissent called the normative conflict model <ref type="bibr" coords="2,180.74,76.25,51.91,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,236.98,76.25,47.99,7.18" target="#b42">Packer, 2011)</ref>.</p><p>This model explains that the effects of organizational identity on deviance depend on the extent to which group members perceive normative conflict, which occurs when members perceive a discrepancy between the group's actual, practiced norms and some better, alternative standard for behavior. The model posits that identity predicts conformity when normative conflict is low but that identity predicts dissent instead when normative conflict is high.</p><p>This interaction occurs because strongly identified group members who feel normative conflict exhibit dissent intended to help the group improve. Consequently, the model may offer insight into constructive deviance: We predict that organizational identity is only predictive of constructive deviance when people also feel high normative conflict.</p><p>Our research on the normative conflict model makes several contributions. First and foremost, we advance research on constructive deviance by resolving an emergent discrepancy in the literature concerning its relationship with social identity <ref type="bibr" coords="2,213.56,297.29,71.41,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>. This is an important theoretical contribution because we know little about why constructive deviance occurs, and the contradictory findings concerning the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance points to a need to understand the boundary conditions that change the nature of this relationship <ref type="bibr" coords="2,264.30,362.26,24.39,7.18;2,45.64,375.24,79.69,7.18" target="#b6">(Busse, Kach, &amp; Wagner, 2016)</ref>.</p><p>Second, we introduce the normative conflict model to the organizational behavior literature, which is a promising framework for understanding identity-driven behavior in the workplace. Research on the normative conflict model to date is focused on informal or opinion-based social groups (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,162.99,440.27,90.91,7.18" target="#b44">Packer &amp; Chasteen, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,256.25,440.27,32.42,7.18;2,45.64,453.25,64.36,7.18" target="#b63">Täuber &amp; Sassenberg, 2012)</ref>, but we show that the model has utility for predicting behavior in the workplace, where the stakes for engaging in deviant behavior are higher. Managers in the workplace heavily weigh deviant behavior when judging performance and making personnel decisions <ref type="bibr" coords="2,117.87,505.23,93.27,7.18" target="#b54">(Rotundo &amp; Sackett, 2002)</ref>, and employees may face sanctions or lose their jobs for deviating in ways that are suppressed by the organization <ref type="bibr" coords="2,160.50,531.26,107.92,7.18" target="#b3">(Berry, Ones, &amp; Sackett, 2007)</ref>. The steeper consequences of constructive deviance at work accordingly allow for a strong test of the theory in a formal setting where rules are more rigidly enforced and dissent is met with greater hostility (X. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,57.09,583.24,40.68,7.18" target="#b75">Zhou, 1993)</ref>.</p><p>Last, we extend the normative conflict model in this research by elaborating on the psychological experience of normative conflict. One limitation of the normative conflict model is relatively little consideration of why normative conflict motivates action; implicit in the normative conflict model is the idea that normative conflict is a distressing experience <ref type="bibr" coords="2,179.77,661.25,50.66,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008)</ref>. Consequently, we integrate the normative conflict model with cognitive dissonance theory <ref type="bibr" coords="2,114.01,687.27,58.18,7.18" target="#b17">(Festinger, 1957)</ref>, which offers additional insight into why people experience psychological distress in the presence of normative conflict and subsequently act on it. We therefore make an important theoretical extension to the normative conflict model to better explain why normative conflict can trigger deviant behavior.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.1">| Constructive deviance in the workplace</head><p>When considering rule-breaking behavior, organizations mainly focus on destructive deviance, which is voluntary behavior that knowingly deviates from organizational norms in ways that threaten the organization or its stakeholders <ref type="bibr" coords="2,436.59,109.25,109.39,7.18" target="#b53">(Robinson &amp; Bennett, 1995)</ref>.</p><p>Destructive deviance is threatening because it is committed with the intention to either harm others or benefit the self <ref type="bibr" coords="2,493.74,135.49,55.92,7.18;2,306.65,148.65,18.51,7.18" target="#b71">(Vardi &amp; Weitz, 2004)</ref>. For example, behaviors such as merchandise theft conducted in the interest of personal gain, or verbal aggression intended to hurt a coworker's feelings, would be categorized as instances of destructive deviance.</p><p>Constructive deviance similarly involves willful deviation from organizational norms, but the deviation is intended to benefit the organization or its stakeholders <ref type="bibr" coords="2,436.31,227.28,62.85,7.18" target="#b37">(Morrison, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,506.04,227.28,43.59,7.18;2,306.65,240.37,64.83,7.18" target="#b60">Spreitzer &amp; Sonenshein, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,374.17,240.37,49.30,7.18" target="#b73">Warren, 2003)</ref>. Because the standards for judging deviance can be highly subjective, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,438.35,253.53,53.36,7.18" target="#b73">Warren (2003)</ref> submitted that deviance is only constructive if employees reject organizational norms in favor of hypernorms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,385.00,279.78,97.24,7.18" target="#b11">(Donaldson &amp; Dunfee, 1994)</ref>, which are defined as "globally held beliefs and values" that encompass basic principles and satisfy fundamental human needs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,438.92,306.02,76.36,7.18">(Warren, 2003, p. 628)</ref>. Because hypernorms typically stem from the values and practices of large, inclusive social groups and societies, they serve as a "higher authority" that reflect the needs and priorities of people both inside and outside of the organization. Relevant hypernorms that are used to judge behavior may vary across different nations, industries, organizations, and even roles. However, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,396.74,384.77,50.87,7.18" target="#b73">Warren (2003)</ref> suggested that the standards and ethical codes of relevant, large, and inclusive organizations can serve as a likely source of hypernorms. For example, the American Psychological Association's Ethical Code and Code of Conduct articulate hypernorms about protecting the privacy of clients. A psychologist could opt to constructively deviate to follow these hypernorms if she felt that her organization or workgroup's norms failed to adequately protect the confidential information divulged by clients. Thus, deviance that rejects local norms and practices, but complies with hypernorms, is constructive because it serves a greater good.</p><p>Consequently, constructive deviance is formally defined as behavior that (a) benefits the reference group, (b) deviates from reference group norms, and (c) conforms to broader hypernorms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.65,568.45,71.18,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>. A specific example of the distinction between destructive and constructive deviance can be seen in a typical customer service context. If a regular customer of a restaurant presents an expired gift certificate, an employee can decide to follow procedure and refuse it, or break rules and accept it. The decision to break rules can occur due to different motivations. In this example, the rule-breaking behavior would be considered destructive deviance if the employee opts to accept the gift certificate because it benefits himself (e.g., through a larger tip) or because he hopes it will hurt the organization to lose money. On the other hand, the rule-breaking behavior would be considered constructive deviance if the employee opts to accept the gift certificate to help the customer and organization (e.g., this customer is important and would take his business elsewhere if refused, costing the organization more in the long run).</p><p>In the latter case, the employee is still willingly deviating from an organizational rule, but his choice is made with the express aim of helping the company and complying with broader societal hypernorms concerning kindness that should be shown to others.</p><p>As <ref type="bibr" coords="3,57.26,89.29,70.26,7.18" target="#b69">Vadera et al. (2013)</ref> observed, many organizational behaviors can be constructively deviant under certain circumstances, such as whistleblowing <ref type="bibr" coords="3,102.10,115.25,85.35,7.18" target="#b57">(Sims &amp; Keenan, 1998)</ref> and expressing challenging voice <ref type="bibr" coords="3,68.09,128.29,69.52,7.18" target="#b5">(Burris et al., 2008)</ref>, provided that they are conducted with the intention to help the organization or its stakeholders and comply with a broader hypernorm instead.</p><p>Constructive deviance can have important consequences in workgroups and the overall organization. Fundamentally, constructive deviance is valuable because it provides the group with alternative norms that can serve as the catalyst for change <ref type="bibr" coords="3,221.44,206.24,67.17,7.18;3,45.64,219.28,20.38,7.18" target="#b30">(Jetten &amp; Hornsey, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,70.36,219.28,80.63,7.18" target="#b52">Prislin &amp; Filson, 2009)</ref>; challenging the existing norms that characterize the status quo can introduce much needed instability that unlocks the potential for positive, adaptive growth <ref type="bibr" coords="3,228.30,245.25,60.32,7.18;3,45.64,258.28,47.65,7.18" target="#b21">(Gioia, Schultz, &amp; Corley, 2000)</ref>. Consequently, constructive deviance may result in better performance and retention within groups <ref type="bibr" coords="3,216.00,271.27,68.97,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Constructive deviance is also associated with desirable individual states, such as role breadth self-efficacy <ref type="bibr" coords="3,193.10,297.29,54.85,7.18" target="#b20">(Galperin, 2012)</ref>. However, the consequences of constructive deviance are complex and likely dependent on organizational context. For example, constructive deviance that benefits one work group may cause complications for other, interdependent work groups <ref type="bibr" coords="3,172.92,349.28,70.61,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>. Also, some instances of constructive deviance that are well intentioned can nevertheless lead to negative outcomes if rule breakers do not recognize the importance of violated norms <ref type="bibr" coords="3,201.09,388.28,87.53,7.18;3,45.64,401.26,51.28,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling, Chau, Mayer, &amp; Gregory, 2012)</ref>. Although the outcomes of constructive deviance are consequently in need of further study <ref type="bibr" coords="3,193.78,414.24,94.88,7.18" target="#b30">(Jetten &amp; Hornsey, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,45.64,427.28,75.47,7.18" target="#b69">Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>, it is clear that constructive deviance can have powerful effects in organizational settings that warrant more research attention.</p><p>Several studies have identified antecedents of constructive deviance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,97.91,479.27,72.03,7.18" target="#b9">Dahling et al., 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,172.86,479.27,54.29,7.18" target="#b20">Galperin, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,230.06,479.27,54.91,7.18" target="#b37">Morrison, 2006)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,45.64,492.25,67.93,7.18" target="#b69">Vadera et al. (2013)</ref> recently published the first comprehensive review of this literature, in which they organized the predictors of constructive deviance into three conceptual categories: intrinsic motivation, felt obligation, and psychological empowerment. They also highlighted several emergent contradictions in the literature that require clarification, most notably the effect that organizational identity has on constructive deviance. As we explain in the following section, identity can theoretically exhibit a positive or negative relationship with constructive deviance. For example, organizational identity is positively related to behaviors that benefit the organization, which could include constructive deviance <ref type="bibr" coords="3,197.63,622.25,91.04,7.18;3,45.64,635.23,14.81,7.18" target="#b68">(Vadera, Aguilera, &amp; Caza, 2009</ref>). On the other hand, organizational identity is also positively related to adherence to organizational norms and values <ref type="bibr" coords="3,267.70,648.27,20.98,7.18;3,45.64,661.25,18.51,7.18" target="#b51">(Pratt, 2000)</ref>. Consistent with these contradictory arguments, the empirical literature on identity and constructive deviance is split: Some studies have found a positive relationship (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,183.74,687.27,69.03,7.18" target="#b35">Mellahi et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,255.06,687.27,33.65,7.18;3,45.64,700.25,69.65,7.18" target="#b40">Olkkonen &amp; Lipponen, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,120.08,700.25,82.67,7.18" target="#b64">Taylor &amp; Curtis, 2010)</ref>, others have found a negative relationship (e.g., J. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,147.57,713.24,77.68,7.18" target="#b76">Zhou &amp; George, 2001)</ref>, and others have found no relationship at all <ref type="bibr" coords="3,152.39,726.28,72.88,7.18" target="#b5">(Burris et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,229.78,726.28,58.90,7.18;3,45.64,739.26,18.51,7.18" target="#b57">Sims &amp; Keenan, 1998)</ref>. What might predict, then, when organizational identity will lead an employee to adhere to norms versus break them? The normative conflict model introduces a key moderator that sheds light on this relationship.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.2">| The normative conflict model of group dissent</head><p>The normative conflict model <ref type="bibr" coords="3,410.29,115.31,49.64,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008)</ref> was developed to explain the interplay between group identity and the choice to either conform or dissent from group norms. The model builds on social identity theory (SIT; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,350.93,154.26,91.99,7.18" target="#b14">Ellemers &amp; Haslam, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,446.00,154.26,44.42,7.18" target="#b61">Tajfel, 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,493.57,154.26,56.13,7.18;3,306.65,167.30,18.44,7.18" target="#b62">Tajfel &amp; Turner, 1979)</ref>, which states that strongly identified group members usually conform to the group's salient norms and standards (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,521.46,180.28,28.17,7.18;3,306.65,193.26,42.66,7.18" target="#b65">Terry &amp; Hogg, 1996)</ref>. However, strong identifiers sometimes behave differently when they perceive that their group is threatened in some way that challenges its status or value (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,440.90,219.28,78.44,7.18" target="#b8">Crane &amp; Platow, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,521.29,219.28,28.39,7.18;3,306.65,232.27,108.77,7.18" target="#b10">Dahling, Wiley, Fishman, &amp; Loihle, 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,417.26,232.27,113.64,7.18" target="#b15">Ellemers, Spears, &amp; Doosje, 2002)</ref>. The normative conflict model diverges from SIT by describing what happens when the group is specifically threatened from within by its own rules or norms that have become harmful, dangerous, or ineffective to the group <ref type="bibr" coords="3,369.98,284.25,48.56,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008)</ref>. According to the model, a sense of normative conflict occurs when group members perceive a discrepancy between the group's actual norms and some better, alternative standard for behavior. For example, normative conflict might occur for a tenured professor if her university takes advantage of adjunct faculty who could instead be treated better, for a cook if her restaurant discards food that could alternatively be donated to a homeless shelter, and for a sales associate if store rules prevent her from serving customers as effectively as a competing business does.</p><p>People need to perceive a discrepancy between the actual norms practiced by the group and alternative norms to experience normative conflict, but where do these better, alternative norms come from?</p><p>According to SIT, alternative norms arise from other aspects of personal or group identities that a person holds <ref type="bibr" coords="3,458.59,453.25,49.35,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,509.73,453.25,39.97,7.18;3,306.65,466.29,112.11,7.18" target="#b70">van Veelen, Otten, Cadinu, &amp; Hansen, 2016)</ref>. For example, alternative norms can be derived from personal or moral values (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,467.89,479.27,81.77,7.18;3,306.65,492.25,68.90,7.18" target="#b29">Hornsey, Majkut, Terry, &amp; McKimmie, 2003)</ref>, leading to normative conflict as in the previous example of a cook who objects to wasting food when it could instead be used to help people in need. Alternative norms can also arise from the practices of other groups, much like benchmarking, as in the example of the sales associate who perceives that a competing business's norms offer a preferable standard of customer service quality <ref type="bibr" coords="3,522.48,557.28,27.22,7.18;3,306.65,570.26,18.51,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008)</ref>. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,364.76,570.26,51.32,7.18" target="#b73">Warren (2003)</ref> theorized that hypernorms are drawn from the values and practices of large, inclusive groups that reflect the values of many people. These groups might include humanitarian agencies, such as the World Health Organization, that seek to serve all people or smaller groups that specify the ethical practices of a particular profession, such as the Academy of Management. Thus, alternative norms can arise from a variety of personal and social sources, and the sources of the alternative norms that people perceive to be better than their actual norms will vary widely across contexts.</p><p>Regardless of the specific way in which normative conflict manifests, this discrepancy between the group's actual, practiced norms and alternative, better norms yields a sense of tension that people are motivated to resolve. To this end, the normative conflict model explains how the effect of group identification on behavior depends on normative conflict. When normative conflict is high, identity is positively related to "dissent," which Packer (2008) defined as "nonconformist reactions motivated by a desire to change group norms and initiate improvement within the group" (p. 54). However, identity is positively related to conformity to group norms when normative conflict is low because the norms are judged as appropriate and acceptable. The model also specifies that identity is negatively related to behavioral or psychological disengagement when normative conflict is high. That is, people with low levels of group identity respond to normative conflict by simply disengaging from the group <ref type="bibr" coords="4,147.63,154.26,50.83,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,201.71,154.26,43.21,7.18" target="#b42">Packer, 2011</ref>). An abundance of evidence from SIT supports this proposition, demonstrating that weak identifiers tend to respond to group threats by distancing themselves from the group, to the extent that they are able to do so <ref type="bibr" coords="4,45.64,206.24,73.17,7.18" target="#b15">(Ellemers et al., 2002)</ref>. Thus, dissent should only occur for high identifiers, but only when they also feel high normative conflict.</p><p>To date, empirical research on the normative conflict model has tested the model in informal or opinion-based social groups (e.g., online chat groups; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,89.01,258.28,87.90,7.18" target="#b44">Packer &amp; Chasteen, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,178.24,258.28,93.52,7.18" target="#b63">Täuber &amp; Sassenberg, 2012)</ref>. For example, Packer and Chasteen conducted a set of studies testing the model in informal groups of college students. One of their studies assessed college students' levels of identification with their university and asked them to think about possible negative consequences of a pro-alcohol norm at their school. In support of the model, students who were the most highly identified with the university were most willing to dissent and voice their concerns about binge drinking to the group. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,104.31,362.26,107.33,7.18" target="#b63">Täuber and Sassenberg (2012)</ref> tested the normative conflict model among players in a university recreational soccer league.</p><p>They hypothesized that players would experience normative conflict when their teams set unambitious performance goals that contrasted with alternative, more desirable goals that the group might set instead.</p><p>Consistent with the normative conflict model, they found that team identity was positively related to dissent and the articulation of alternative goals among players whose teams initially set unambitious goals.</p><p>More recently, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,97.23,466.29,132.45,7.18" target="#b12">Dupuis, Wohl, Packer, and Tabri (2016)</ref> tested the model with respect to political action, finding that strongly identifying Republicans were more willing to express dissent to other Republicans in favor of the Affordable Care Act if they also felt high normative conflict and group angst. These findings provide important support for the tenets of the normative conflict model. However, to date, the model has not been applied in business organizations to predict workplace behavior, where the stakes for dissent are higher.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.3">| Integrating cognitive dissonance theory</head><p>People experience normative conflict when they detect a discrepancy between existing organizational norms and some alternative, better norms. To extend the model, we believe that the reason that normative conflict strengthens the relationship between identity and constructive deviance is that normative conflict is a psychologically uncomfortable experience and that the urge to resolve this discomfort is what generates the motivation among high identifiers to engage in constructive deviance. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,127.28,700.27,48.94,7.18" target="#b41">Packer (2008)</ref> hinted at this idea, noting that people may be "bothered by" normative conflict in ways that motivate their actions (p. 65).</p><p>In this respect, we see a possible connection between the normative conflict model and cognitive dissonance theory, which clarifies that holding conflicting or inconsistent thoughts, such as abiding by actual norms that are less desirable than alternative norms, is psychologically uncomfortable. One way that people can reduce this tension is to change their behavior, such as by taking actions that reduce the discrepancy between those inconsistent thoughts (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,508.02,102.27,41.61,7.18;4,306.65,115.25,55.31,7.18" target="#b18">Festinger &amp; Carlsmith, 1959)</ref>. Empirical research strongly supports this proposition and demonstrates that feelings of tension and discomfort mediate the effects of cognitive dissonance on behavioral intentions (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,523.90,141.27,25.73,7.18;4,306.65,154.26,49.13,7.18" target="#b16">Elliot &amp; Devine, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,357.96,154.26,116.63,7.18" target="#b22">Glasford, Pratto, &amp; Dovidio, 2008)</ref>. Similarly, we submit that the moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance can be explained by feelings of psychological discomfort. Discomfort should therefore mediate the moderating effects of normative conflict.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.4">| The present research</head><p>The normative conflict model provides a key to understanding the ambiguous relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance observed in past research <ref type="bibr" coords="4,445.10,279.27,67.81,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>: The relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance should depend on perceptions of normative conflict with organizational rules. When normative conflict is high, identity should be positively related to constructive deviance because these employees feel a need to break rules for the perceived good of the organization. However, when normative conflict is low, identity should be negatively related to constructive deviance because strong identifiers are otherwise prone to conform to group norms <ref type="bibr" coords="4,453.94,383.30,95.73,7.18" target="#b14">(Ellemers &amp; Haslam, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,306.65,396.28,68.91,7.18" target="#b65">Terry &amp; Hogg, 1996)</ref>. The moderating role of normative conflict should consequently explain why some studies have found a positive relationship between identity and constructive deviance (reflecting dissent), whereas others have not (reflecting conformity). Further, drawing on cognitive dissonance theory <ref type="bibr" coords="4,405.69,448.27,56.71,7.18" target="#b17">(Festinger, 1957)</ref>, we expect that the reason normative conflict moderates the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance is that normative conflict generates dissonance-based psychological discomfort that people are motivated to resolve through behavioral change. In aggregate, these expectations yield a form of mediated moderation <ref type="bibr" coords="4,509.27,513.29,40.36,7.18;4,306.65,526.28,52.58,7.18" target="#b13">(Edwards &amp; Lambert, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,361.02,526.28,104.29,7.18" target="#b38">Muller, Judd, &amp; Yzerbyt, 2005)</ref> wherein the moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance occurs indirectly via psychological discomfort (cf. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,360.96,565.28,74.70,7.18" target="#b24">Grant &amp; Berry, 2011)</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="4,442.66,565.28,29.80,7.18">Figure 1</ref> illustrates this model and our hypotheses: Hypothesis 1. Normative conflict will moderate the relationship between organizational identification and constructive deviance. Specifically, this relationship will be significant and positive only for people with high (vs. low) perceptions of normative conflict.</p><p>Hypothesis 2a. Normative conflict will be positively related to psychological discomfort.</p><p>Hypothesis 2b. Psychological discomfort will moderate the relationship between organizational identification and constructive deviance. Specifically, this relationship will be significant and positive only for people with high (vs. low) psychological discomfort. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2">| STUDY 1A: DEVELOPING THE MEASURE OF NORMATIVE CONFLICT WITH ORGANIZATIONAL RULES</head><p>Few studies have empirically tested the normative conflict model. In this research, normative conflict is operationalized in idiosyncratic ways (e.g., setting an unambitious soccer performance goal; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,256.14,565.68,32.48,7.18;5,45.64,578.66,63.41,7.18" target="#b63">Täuber &amp; Sassenberg, 2012)</ref>. Consequently, we needed to develop our own measure of normative conflict that could be generalized to different organizational contexts. Following best practices <ref type="bibr" coords="5,235.67,604.63,52.98,7.18" target="#b28">(Hinkin, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,45.64,617.67,49.28,7.18" target="#b58">Spector, 1992)</ref>, we developed items and explored the factor structure of the measure with a preliminary sample (Study 1a) and then confirmed the factor structure and assessed validity evidence with a second sample (Study 1b).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1">| Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.1">| Sample and procedure</head><p>We initially wrote a pool of 10 items to assess normative conflict, drawing on explanations and examples provided by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,238.23,739.27,46.53,7.18" target="#b41">Packer (2008</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,45.64,752.26,16.90,7.18" target="#b42">Packer ( , 2011</ref> in his description of the normative conflict model. We started with a fairly small item pool because perceived normative conflict with rules is a narrowly defined construct, and we believed that we could fully capture the construct domain space with a short measure <ref type="bibr" coords="5,361.31,317.82,54.16,7.18" target="#b58">(Spector, 1992)</ref>. Three trained raters independently evaluated the item pool relative to the construct definition reported by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,353.51,343.84,49.64,7.18" target="#b41">Packer (2008)</ref>; all 10 items were evaluated as highly aligned with the construct definition and were retained for subsequent analysis.</p><p>Through exploratory factor analysis (EFA; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,471.40,382.85,59.88,7.18" target="#b66">Thompson, 2004)</ref>, our goal was to further reduce the item pool to yield a parsimonious scale that adequately represented the construct with high reliability and a simple factor structure <ref type="bibr" coords="5,389.88,421.85,52.08,7.18" target="#b58">(Spector, 1992)</ref>. We collected data from 469 employed participants from the United States via Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk; http://www.mturk.com). MTurk matches "employers"</p><p>with "workers" to complete tasks, such as research participation.</p><p>Careful comparisons indicate that MTurk yields data that matches, and sometimes exceeds, the quality of data collected from in-person samples (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,356.99,499.80,115.17,7.18" target="#b7">Casler, Bickel, &amp; Hackett, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,475.65,499.80,74.04,7.18;5,306.65,512.84,18.44,7.18" target="#b47">Paolacci &amp; Chandler, 2014)</ref>, provided that checks are put in place to screen respondents.</p><p>Consistent with best practices, we tracked IP and MTurk identification numbers to prevent any repeat participants, screened participants on their self-rated comfort with the English language, and only accepted participants with a past-work approval rating of 95% or better <ref type="bibr" coords="5,360.68,577.81,62.79,7.18" target="#b49">(Peer et al., 2014)</ref>. The sample was 52% female and 83.4% Caucasian, and participants reported a mean age of 33.63 years (SD = 10.90). Most participants worked in full-time or salaried jobs (69.7%).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2">| Results</head><p>We first conducted a parallel analysis (PA) on the data to identify the maximum number of factors to extract <ref type="bibr" coords="5,444.19,687.29,101.74,7.18" target="#b72">(Velicer, Eaton, &amp; Fava, 2000)</ref>.</p><p>PA generates random data sets with the same parameters as the actual data (in this case, N = 1,000), extracts the eigenvalues from the random data correlation matrix (in this case, with principal axis factoring), and averages those eigenvalues. The actual eigenvalues from the true data are compared to the average eigenvalues extracted from the parallel FIGURE 1 Hypothesized mediated moderation model random data, and each factor is deemed interpretable only if its actual eigenvalue is larger than its average random eigenvalue. Results of this analysis indicated that no more than two factors should be extracted from the data.</p><p>We then conducted an EFA using principal axis factoring with a varimax rotation to examine the factor structure of the item pool <ref type="bibr" coords="6,45.64,128.29,62.05,7.18" target="#b66">(Thompson, 2004)</ref>. The results of this analysis are shown in <ref type="table" coords="6,260.28,128.29,25.14,7.18" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>.</p><p>All items loaded on a single factor, and thus the factor loadings reported in <ref type="table" coords="6,92.07,154.26,29.01,7.18" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> are unrotated. This single factor explained 65.24% of the variability in the items. However, an analysis of the Scree plot <ref type="bibr" coords="6,82.26,180.28,68.52,7.18" target="#b72">(Velicer et al., 2000)</ref> indicated that a second factor was marginally interpretable (initial Eigenvalue = 0.99; 9.95% of variance explained). This factor seemed to represent a more extreme perception of normative conflict and was anchored by the two items with the weakest loadings in <ref type="table" coords="6,114.58,232.26,25.67,7.18" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> ("This organization has rules or norms that are dangerous to follow" and "This organization has rules or norms that encourage immoral or unethical behavior"). We consequently eliminated these two items and concluded with a unidimensional, eightitem measure (α = .95) that we employed in our subsequent studies.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3">| STUDY 1B: VALIDATING THE MEASURE OF NORMATIVE CONFLICT WITH ORGANIZATIONAL RULES</head><p>Our goals in Study 1b were to confirm the factor structure of the normative conflict measure and to validate it relative to related psychological states. The specific psychological states that we focused on were identity fusion, disidentification, affective commitment, and normative commitment. Identity fusion refers to relational connectedness with group members that leads to a feeling of "oneness" with other members of the group <ref type="bibr" coords="6,160.95,453.26,76.91,7.18" target="#b23">(Gómez et al., 2011)</ref>. In contrast, disidentification occurs when people expressly reject the qualities or values that they believe characterize the group <ref type="bibr" coords="6,216.96,479.28,71.74,7.18;6,45.64,492.26,18.51,7.18" target="#b31">(Kreiner &amp; Ashforth, 2004)</ref>. Affective commitment refers to an emotional attachment and involvement with a group, whereas normative commitment refers to a sense of felt obligation and responsibility to a group <ref type="bibr" coords="6,234.54,518.28,54.12,7.18;6,45.64,531.26,14.81,7.18" target="#b36">(Meyer &amp; Allen, 1997</ref>). We chose these four variables for our validation design because, like normative conflict, they all involve an acceptance or rejection of salient group norms. We expected that normative conflict perceptions would be negatively correlated with states that involve acceptance of norms (identity fusion, affective commitment, and normative commitment), and positively correlated with states that involve rejection of norms (disidentification).</p><p>3.1 | Method 3.1.1 | Sample and procedure</p><p>We recruited 288 employed adults from the United States via MTurk.</p><p>Participants from Study 1a were excluded from Study 1b with an unobtrusive screening process for Qualtrics developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,532.01,186.01,17.64,7.18;6,306.65,198.99,131.65,7.18" target="#b48">Peer, Paolacci, Chandler, and Mueller (2012)</ref> on the basis of individual MTurk identification numbers. For eligible participants, we followed the same best practices for data screening described in Study 1a. The sample was 54% female and 80.2% Caucasian, and participants reported a mean age of 33.90 years (SD = 11.68). Most participants worked in full-time or salaried jobs (63.9%). The most common industries reported were education (13.5%), retail sales (11.8%), and health care (11.1%). Measures of normative conflict and the correlate variables were presented in a fully randomized order.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.2">| Measures</head><p>We measured normative conflict using the eight items developed in Study 1a (α = .91). Responses were made on a 5-point scale where 1 = "Strongly Disagree" and 5 = "Strongly Agree."</p><p>For identity fusion, we used the seven-item measure (α = .93) developed and validated by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,404.67,401.27,66.86,7.18" target="#b23">Gómez et al. (2011)</ref>. A sample item reads, "I am one with my organization." Responses were made on a sevenpoint scale where 1 = "Strongly Disagree" and 7 = "Strongly Agree."</p><p>For disidentification, we used the six-item measure (α = .93) developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,360.11,453.26,102.86,7.18" target="#b31">Kreiner and Ashforth (2004)</ref>. A sample item reads, "I am embarrassed to be part of this organization." Responses were made on a 7-point scale where 1 = "Never" and 7 = "Daily."</p><p>Affective and normative commitment were measured using the revised commitment scales developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,455.24,505.30,82.62,7.18" target="#b36">Meyer and Allen (1997)</ref>. A sample item from the six-item (α = .91) affective commitment measure reads, "I would be very happy to spend the rest of my career with this organization." A sample item from the six-item (α = .92) normative commitment measure reads, "This organization deserves my loyalty." 9. This organization has rules or norms that encourage immoral or unethical behavior.</p><p>.64</p><p>10. This organization has rules or norms that are dangerous to follow. .58</p><p>Note. Items presented in italics were removed from the final measure. (R) = reverse-scored item.</p><p>Responses to both measures were made on a seven-point scale where 1 = "Strongly Disagree" and 7 = "Strongly Agree." We conducted a series of confirmatory factor analyses (CFA; <ref type="bibr" coords="7,264.25,172.97,24.47,7.18;7,45.64,185.95,20.00,7.18" target="#b4">Brown, 2015)</ref> in MPlus version 7 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,134.70,185.95,87.82,7.18">(Muthén &amp; Muthén, 1998</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,222.52,185.95,21.19,7.18" target="#b20">-2012</ref> to evaluate the normative conflict measure. All models were tested without allowing any residuals to covary or forming any item parcels. First, we examined the hypothesized, single-factor structure of the normative conflict measure in isolation. This model exhibited acceptable fit to the data, χ 2 (20) = 60.92, p &lt; .001; CFI = 0.97; RMSEA = 0.08; SRMR = 0.03, with all eight items loading strongly on the single factor (all p &lt; .001).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2">| Results</head><p>Second, given the strong correlation that we observed between normative conflict and disidentification (r = .67), we also used CFA to demonstrate the discriminant validity of the normative conflict measure by comparing the fit of a hypothesized two-factor model to an alternative one-factor model <ref type="bibr" coords="7,156.70,328.98,101.23,7.18" target="#b55">(Shaffer, DeGeest, &amp; Li, 2015)</ref>. Results indicate that the hypothesized two-factor model, χ 2 (76) = 245.37, p &lt; .001; CFI = 0.95; RMSEA = 0.09; SRMR = 0.05, fit the data better than an alternative, one-factor measurement model in which the items from both measures acted as indicators of the same latent variable, Δχ 2</p><p>(1) = 553.3, p &lt; .001. Last, we tested the overall five-factor model. This model had modest-to-poor fit to the data, χ 2 (485) = 1,364.89, p &lt; .001; CFI = 0.89; RMSEA = 0.08; SRMR = 0.06. However, it is likely that the cause of these subpar fit indices are the strong correlations between the measures of affective commitment, identity fusion, and normative commitment (see <ref type="table" coords="7,82.72,471.97,24.88,7.18" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). The structure of the normative conflict measure replicated from Study 1a and fits the data well, and the normative conflict measure is empirically distinct from the only correlate with which it exhibited a strong relationship (i.e., disidentification). Consequently, we do not see the results of the five-factor measurement model as problematic to our research program given that our focus is on the validity evidence for the normative conflict measure.</p><p>In summary, we replicated the factor structure of the normative conflict measure in Study 1b. The measure correlated with related psychological states as expected and is discriminant from disidentification despite the strong relationship between these variables. Reliability exceeded .90 in both Studies 1a and 1b. Given this initial construct validity evidence, we proceeded to a preliminary test of the normative conflict model in Study 2.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4">| STUDY 2: PRELIMINARY TEST OF THE NORMATIVE CONFLICT MODEL</head><p>In Study 2, we used the newly developed normative conflict measure to test the core proposition of the normative conflict model concerning constructive deviance. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="7,464.03,186.46,44.35,7.18" target="#b41">Packer (2008</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,514.60,186.46,14.75,7.18" target="#b42">Packer ( , 2011</ref>, we expect that the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance will depend on normative conflict perceptions.</p><p>This relationship should be significant and positive only when normative conflict is high (Hypothesis 1).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1">| Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.1">| Sample and procedure</head><p>The participants were 102 working students who were recruited from Psychology courses at a small college in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States. The mean age of participants was 20.25 years (SD = 1.99). The sample was 75.5% female and 78.4% Caucasian.</p><p>Participants reported a mean organizational tenure of 16.76 months (SD = 17.50) and a mean of 18.38 hr worked per week (SD = 10.14).</p><p>Participants completed a short, computer-based survey containing measures of normative conflict, organizational identity, and constructive deviance in a single session under supervised conditions. We collected self-report data because identity and normative conflict are perceptual measures that only the focal respondent can indicate, and constructive deviance involves a prosocial motive that observers may not clearly distinguish from destructive deviance <ref type="bibr" coords="7,494.42,457.56,55.24,7.18;7,306.65,470.55,18.51,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling et al., 2012)</ref>. All measures were presented in a fully randomized sequence to account for order effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.2">| Measures</head><p>Normative conflict was measured with the eight-item scale developed in Study 1a (α = .89). Responses were made on a 5-point scale where 1 = "strongly disagree" and 5 = "strongly agree." Higher scores indicate stronger feelings of normative conflict.</p><p>Organizational identity was measured with a 10-item scale from <ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.65,588.98,62.68,7.18" target="#b32">Leach et al. (2008)</ref> that assesses in-group identity in terms of solidarity, centrality, and satisfaction with membership in a social group (α = .94).</p><p>Sample items read, "I often think about the fact that I am a member of this organization" and "I am glad to be a member of this organization."</p><p>Responses were made on a 7-point scale where 1 = "strongly disagree" and 7 = "strongly agree." Higher scores indicate stronger identification with the organization.  <ref type="bibr" coords="8,198.60,284.25,70.73,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling et al., 2012)</ref>. The items making up the scale were, "Sought to bend or break the rules in order to perform your job," "Violated company procedures in order to solve a problem," "Departed from organizational procedures to solve a customer's problem," "Bent a rule to satisfy a customer's needs," and "Departed from dysfunctional organizational policies or procedures to solve a problem." Responses were made in terms of frequency on a 5-point Likert scale ranging from 1 = "never" to 5 = "weekly." Higher scores indicate greater frequency of constructive deviance. Galperin (2012) developed and validated the measure over three studies relative to other organizational behaviors (e.g., exit, neglect, innovation) and individual differences (e.g., perceived sociopolitical support).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2">| Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.1">| Confirmatory factor analysis</head><p>We tested our measurement model using CFA in MPlus version 7 <ref type="bibr" coords="8,45.64,505.30,89.58,7.18">(Muthén &amp; Muthén, 1998</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,135.21,505.30,20.48,7.18" target="#b20">-2012</ref>. For the indicators of the organizational identity latent variable, we formed three parcels on the basis of the subscales of this measure, which is a recommended step given that these item sets should share secondary covariance that would otherwise distort the results of the CFA <ref type="bibr" coords="8,191.68,557.29,93.29,7.18" target="#b26">(Hall, Snell, &amp; Foust, 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Following best practices for parceling <ref type="bibr" coords="8,179.21,570.27,92.82,7.18" target="#b74">(Williams &amp; O'Boyle, 2008)</ref>, we evaluated the reliability of each parcel. Specifically, the three parcels consisted of the means of the three solidarity items (α = .91), the three identity centrality items (α = .88), and the four identity satisfaction items (α = .92). Because the constructive deviance and normative conflict measures are not multidimensional, we used the individual items as the indicators for their respective latent variables.</p><p>The hypothesized, three-factor model exhibited acceptable fit to the data given the small sample size, χ 2 (101) = 172.75, p &lt; .001; CFI = 0.93; RMSEA = 0.08; SRMR = 0.07, with all items loading strongly on their intended constructs (all p &lt; .001). No error terms were allowed to covary. Because we observed that scale scores on the normative conflict and organizational identity measures exhibited a moderate correlation (r = −.41, p &lt; .001), we tested an alternative, two-factor measurement model that placed the items from both of these measures as indicators of a single latent variable. Results indicated that this alternative model fit the data significantly worse than the hypothesized measurement model, Δχ 2</p><p>(2) = 128.15, p &lt; .001. Consequently, we retained the three-factor model and moved forward to test Hypothesis 1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.2">| Hypothesis test</head><p>Initial correlations indicated that organizational identity (M = 4.78, SD = 1.21) was unrelated to constructive deviance (M = 2.09, SD = 0.92; r = −.07, ns) and negatively related to normative conflict (M = 2.38, SD = 0.88; r = −.40, p &lt; .001). Normative conflict was positively related to constructive deviance (r = .43, p &lt; .001). We tested Hypothesis 1 with moderated multiple regression conducted in PROCESS <ref type="bibr" coords="8,524.24,220.25,25.47,7.18;8,306.65,233.29,18.51,7.18" target="#b27">(Hayes, 2013)</ref>. Consistent with the correlations, normative conflict had a significant relationship with constructive deviance (b = 0.51, SE = 0.10, t = 5.00, p &lt; .001), but identity did not (b = 0.07, SE = 0.07, t = 0.99, ns).</p><p>The interaction term was statistically significant (b = 0.18, SE = 0.07, t = 2.53, p &lt; .05, ΔR 2 = .05). We plotted the interaction in <ref type="figure" coords="8,511.65,285.28,28.84,7.18">Figure 2</ref> at high (+1 SD) and low (−1 SD) levels of organizational identity and normative conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="8,371.51,311.30,72.66,7.18" target="#b0">(Aiken &amp; West, 1991)</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="8,449.92,311.30,28.50,7.18">Figure 2</ref> shows that the relationship between identity and constructive deviance is significant and positive only when normative conflict is high (t = 2.49, p &lt; .05). In contrast, the relationship between identity and constructive deviance is not significant and trends in a negative direction when normative conflict is low (t = −0.87, p = .39). Hypothesis 1 was therefore supported.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.3">| Discussion</head><p>The results of Study 2 fully supported Hypothesis 1. As shown in <ref type="figure" coords="8,306.65,453.26,29.41,7.18">Figure 1</ref>, organizational identity was only associated with greater constructive deviance among employees who perceived high levels of normative conflict. Interestingly, identity was unrelated to constructive deviance when normative conflict was low, although it trended in a negative direction. Overall, the interaction shown in <ref type="figure" coords="8,518.12,505.24,31.50,7.18">Figure 2</ref> supports the normative conflict model concerning the conditions that promote dissent (high identity and high normative conflict) and</p><p>indicate that this framework has utility for predicting deviance in the workplace, which is a novel application of the theory.</p><p>However, this preliminary test of the theory is limited in several key respects. First, the sample consisted of traditional-aged college students, who typically exhibit higher rates of organizational deviance than older adults, and we oversampled women, who typically exhibit lower rates of deviance than men <ref type="bibr" coords="8,431.83,622.26,65.91,7.18" target="#b3">(Berry et al., 2007)</ref>. Study 2 also focused on part-time workers, who are generally less involved in their jobs than full-time workers <ref type="bibr" coords="8,402.75,648.28,69.99,7.18" target="#b67">(Thorsteinson, 2003)</ref>. Consequently, these findings may not generalize to other contexts. Second, the design was cross-sectional, which increases the likelihood that common method variance (CMV) might have distorted our results <ref type="bibr" coords="8,510.92,687.28,38.70,7.18;8,306.65,700.26,111.15,7.18" target="#b50">(Podsakoff, MacKenzie, &amp; Podsakoff, 2012)</ref>. Third, our findings may be specific to the <ref type="bibr" coords="8,334.26,713.25,56.14,7.18" target="#b20">Galperin (2012)</ref> constructive deviance measure, which has limited validity evidence to date. These limitations point to a clear need to constructively replicate our findings with a different sample, design, and criterion measurement strategy in Study 3.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5">| STUDY 3: REPLICATION AND EXTENSION OF THE NORMATIVE CONFLICT MODEL</head><p>In addition to addressing the limitations of Study 2, we wanted to provide a stronger test of the normative conflict model in Study 3 by testing the mediating state (psychological discomfort) that we expect will account for the moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance. Consequently, we evaluated our full model ( <ref type="figure" coords="9,237.91,349.51,26.55,7.18">Figure 1</ref>) using a second sample of working adults with a delay between the measurement of the predictor variables and the constructive deviance criterion.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.1">| Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.1.1">| Sample and procedure</head><p>We recruited full-time employees from MTurk for Study 3, excluding any respondents who had participated in Studies 1a or 1b with the procedure developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,132.09,464.71,57.73,7.18" target="#b48">Peer et al. (2012)</ref>. We used the same process of screening for data quality described in Study 1a. At Time 1, we collected 633 usable responses from full-time employees. At Time 2, which was 1 month later, we collected 539 usable matched responses for hypothesis testing (an 85% follow-through rate). The final sample was 54.5% female, 85.2% Caucasian, and reported a mean age of 35.83 years (SD = 11.17). With respect to their work, the majority of participants were individual contributors without supervisory responsibility (63.8%), and most of the participants had a long tenure with their employer (M = 5.21 years, SD = 5.46). The most commonly reported industries of employment in the sample were educational services (13.7%); professional, scientific, and technical services (11.1%); retail trade (10%); and health care and social assistance (9.8%). Psychological discomfort was measured with the three-item measure (α = .94) of dissonance-related discomfort developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,45.64,726.29,73.72,7.18" target="#b22">Glasford et al. (2008)</ref>. Participants were asked to reflect on the way they typically feel when working in their organization; sample items include "uncomfortable with the way things are done" and "uneasy about things that are happening." Responses were on a 7-point scale where 1 = "never" and 7 = "daily." Higher scores indicate more frequent feelings of psychological discomfort.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.1.3">| Measure, Time 2</head><p>Constructive deviance was measured with the 13-item measure of prosocial rule breaking (PSRB; α = .95) developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,501.62,311.41,48.00,7.18;9,306.65,324.45,20.82,7.18" target="#b9">Dahling et al. (2012)</ref>. PSRB is a form of constructive deviance identified by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,517.89,324.45,31.82,7.18;9,306.65,337.43,22.46,7.18" target="#b37">Morrison (2006)</ref> that is motivated by a desire to conform to broad hypernorms to avoid waste and show consideration to coworkers and customers or clients. We used the <ref type="bibr" coords="9,389.25,363.40,77.18,7.18">Dahling et al. measure</ref> in this study to demonstrate that our results are not specific to the Galperin (2012) measure.</p><p>A sample item reads, "I violate organizational policies to save the company time and money." Responses to both measures were made on a 5-point scale where 1 = "strongly disagree" to 5 = "strongly agree." <ref type="bibr" coords="9,306.65,428.42,70.71,7.18" target="#b9">Dahling et al. (2012)</ref> developed and validated the PSRB measure over three studies and demonstrated its discriminant validity relative to other performance criteria (e.g., task performance and citizenship behaviors).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.2">| Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.2.1">| Analysis strategy</head><p>Our analysis of the model shown in <ref type="figure" coords="9,431.09,517.15,28.56,7.18">Figure 1</ref> unfolded in several steps.</p><p>First, we again conducted CFAs to evaluate the measurement model and discriminant validity of our measures and then analyzed correlations to examine the relationship between normative conflict and psychological discomfort (Hypothesis 2a). Second, we conducted moderated multiple regression to test the interactions of organizational identity with normative conflict, and with psychological discomfort, to predict constructive deviance <ref type="figure" coords="9,467.89,608.14,81.77,7.18;9,306.65,621.12,38.95,7.18">(Hypotheses 1 and 2b,   respectively</ref>). Third, we tested the significance of the indirect moderating effect (Hypothesis 2c) using an adaptation of the moderated path analysis procedure recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="9,473.33,647.14,76.35,7.18;9,306.65,660.13,22.46,7.18" target="#b13">Edwards and Lambert (2007)</ref> to evaluate mediated moderation. This approach employs bootstrapping to construct a confidence interval used to evaluate the statistical significance of the indirect effect.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.2.2">| Confirmatory factor analysis</head><p>We tested the hypothesized, four-factor measurement model using the same procedures described in Study 2. We formed item parcels to serve as indicators for the multidimensional organizational identity FIGURE 2 Interaction of organizational identification and normative conflict with organizational rules on constructive deviance <ref type="figure" coords="9,45.64,205.96,81.72,7.18">(Hypothesis 1; Study 2)</ref> and PSRB measures. The three parcels for the identity measure again exhibited good reliability (solidarity, α = .95; centrality, α = .92; identity satisfaction, α = .97), as did the three parcels for the PSRB measure (efficiency, α = .92; coworker assistance, α = .92; customer assistance, α = .95). We used the individual items from the unidimensional normative conflict and psychological discomfort measures as the indicators for their respective latent variables <ref type="bibr" coords="10,179.49,128.29,65.34,7.18" target="#b26">(Hall et al., 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,249.17,128.29,39.45,7.18;10,45.64,141.27,50.32,7.18" target="#b74">Williams &amp; O'Boyle, 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Results indicated that the hypothesized, four-factor measurement model exhibited acceptable fit to the data, χ 2 (113) = 410.86, p &lt; .001; CFI = 0.96; RMSEA = 0.07; SRMR = 0.04, without allowing any error terms to covary. We compared the hypothesized model to two alternative models. First, we tested a threefactor alternative model on the basis of the strong observed correlation between normative conflict and psychological discomfort (r = .69, p &lt; .001) that combined the items from these two measures on a single latent variable. Despite the strong correlation, alternative model #1 exhibited significantly worse fit to the data than the hypothesized measurement model, Δχ 2</p><p>(3) = 863.96, p &lt; .001. Second, as in Study 1b, we tested a three-factor model that combined the items from the normative conflict and the organizational identity measures on a single latent variable.</p><p>Alternative model #2 also showed significantly worse fit to the data than the hypothesized model, Δχ 2</p><p>(3) = 860.85, p &lt; .001. Given support for the hypothesized model, we proceeded to test Hypotheses 1 through 2c. <ref type="table" coords="10,45.64,414.82,27.93,7.18" target="#tab_4">Table 3</ref> reports descriptive statistics and correlations. Among the demographic variables, gender correlated with constructive deviance; women report somewhat less constructive deviance than men, which is a typical finding in past research on destructive deviance as well (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="10,326.04,50.29,64.89,7.18" target="#b3">Berry et al., 2007)</ref>. We do not include gender as a statistical control in the results that follow because we did not theorize its effects in advance <ref type="bibr" coords="10,377.57,76.25,96.39,7.18" target="#b2">(Bernerth &amp; Aguinis, 2016)</ref>, but the pattern of hypothesis support is unchanged if gender is included in the analyses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.2.3">| Tests of hypotheses</head><p>We followed the process used by <ref type="bibr" coords="10,442.26,102.27,81.71,7.18" target="#b24">Grant and Berry (2011)</ref> to test our model. First, to test Hypothesis 2a, we regressed psychological discomfort on normative conflict while controlling for the effects of organizational identity and the interaction between identity and normative conflict. We mean centered prior to making all interaction terms <ref type="bibr" coords="10,328.87,167.30,73.96,7.18" target="#b0">(Aiken &amp; West, 1991)</ref>. The results of this analysis are shown in <ref type="table" coords="10,306.65,180.28,25.21,7.18">Table 4</ref>, where normative conflict has a strong, positive relationship with psychological discomfort. Hypothesis 2a was consequently supported.</p><p>Next, we examined the predictors of constructive deviance to test Hypotheses 1 and 2b. In Step 1, we regressed constructive deviance on organizational identity, normative conflict, and the interaction between identity and normative conflict, which tests Hypothesis 1. In</p><p>Step 2, we added psychological discomfort and the interaction between identity and psychological discomfort to the regression equation, which tests Hypothesis 2b. The results of this regression analysis are shown in <ref type="table" coords="10,381.66,310.27,24.41,7.18" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref>. In Step 1, normative conflict moderated the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance as expected, replicating our support for Hypothesis 1 from Study 2. However, the moderating effect of normative conflict becomes nonsignificant in step 2, where psychological discomfort moderates the relationship between identity and constructive deviance instead (ΔR 2 = .02). We plotted the interaction of identity and psychological discomfort on constructive deviance in <ref type="figure" coords="10,517.73,401.27,28.60,7.18" target="#fig_2">Figure 3</ref>, which shows that identity is positively related to deviance when discomfort is high (t = 3.84, p &lt; .001), but unrelated to deviance when discomfort is low (t = −.08, p = .94). This finding supports Hypothesis 2b. Note. Gender is coded such that 1 = male and 2 = female. Alpha coefficients are reported on the diagonal. *p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .001.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>TABLE 4</head><p>Regression of psychological discomfort on predictor variables (Study 3)</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Predictors</head><p>Step 1</p><p>Step In sum, the piecemeal results suggest that psychological discomfort fully mediates the moderating effect of normative conflict:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="10,49.66,671.60,483.20,35.76">2 b S E β t b S E β t<label>Organizational</label></formula><p>Using the logic for mediation introduced by <ref type="bibr" coords="11,201.03,440.16,84.19,7.18" target="#b1">Baron and Kenny (1986)</ref>, normative conflict is positively associated with psychological discomfort, psychological discomfort moderates the relationship between identity and constructive deviance, and the direct-effect moderation of normative conflict becomes nonsignificant when the mediating moderator (discomfort) is added to the regression equation (see <ref type="figure" coords="11,62.25,518.11,27.49,7.18">Figure 1</ref>). To conduct a formal test of mediated moderation, we adapted the path analytic framework recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="11,243.27,531.15,45.40,7.18;11,45.64,544.13,52.67,7.18" target="#b13">Edwards and Lambert (2007)</ref>, which uses bootstrapping to calculate a confidence interval around the indirect effect. Importantly, our model in <ref type="figure" coords="11,259.71,557.12,28.95,7.18">Figure 1</ref> differs from the models analyzed by Edwards and Lambert, who focused on decomposing a mediated effect that is moderated at the first and/or second stages. However, following <ref type="bibr" coords="11,227.06,596.12,61.58,7.18;11,45.64,609.16,20.75,7.18" target="#b24">Grant and Berry (2011)</ref>, we modified the <ref type="bibr" coords="11,134.82,609.16,103.14,7.18" target="#b13">Edwards and Lambert (2007)</ref> reduced-form equations to calculate the significance of the indirect moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance via psychological discomfort. We then employed bootstrapping to construct a bias-corrected, 95%</p><p>confidence interval by drawing 1,000 random samples with replacement from the full sample of 539 respondents. Our results indicated that the average bootstrap indirect effect was 0.04 and that this indirect effect was statistically significant because the confidence interval excluded zero (0.01 to 0.08). This is a weak indirect conditional effect because one component of it, the interaction of identity and psychological discomfort, had a small effect on constructive deviance, as is typical in field research <ref type="bibr" coords="11,451.39,414.13,94.59,7.18" target="#b34">(McClelland &amp; Judd, 1993)</ref>.</p><p>However, in conjunction with the piecemeal results noted above, Hypothesis 2c was supported; the moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance is completely explained by the experience of psychological discomfort.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6">| GENERAL DISCUSSION</head><p>People who strongly identify with groups are usually loyal conformists, but sometimes strong identifiers deviate in constructive ways for the good of the group. When does identity prompt constructive deviance rather than conformity to rules? We demonstrated that the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance depends on normative conflict and, more specifically, on the experience of psychological discomfort that is triggered by normative conflict. Studies 1a and 1b developed and validated a reliable measure of normative conflict with a stable factor structure. Study 2 provided a preliminary test of the normative conflict model to predict constructive deviance among employed students, demonstrating that identity only promotes constructive deviance when normative conflict is high. We then elaborated on these results in Study 3, which advanced the normative conflict model with a mediator, psychological discomfort, consistent with cognitive dissonance theory <ref type="bibr" coords="11,513.58,726.29,36.04,7.18;11,306.65,739.27,18.51,7.18" target="#b17">(Festinger, 1957)</ref>. Study 3 replicated and extended Study 2 with a predictive design and a large sample of older, full-time workers.  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Predictors</head><p>Step 1</p><p>Step Step 1, R 2 = .14. For</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="11,49.66,66.58,485.36,35.81">2 b S E β t b S E β t<label>Organizational</label></formula><p>Step 2, ΔR 2 = .02. *p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .01. ***p &lt; .001.</p><p>To summarize our contributions in aggregate, our results first clarify a contradictory body of evidence concerning the relationship between group identity and constructive deviance, which is an important criterion that requires further study <ref type="bibr" coords="12,213.73,89.29,71.24,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Organizational researchers typically take a dim view of deviant behavior, which overlooks the potential for constructive deviance to challenge norms and drive healthy change in business groups <ref type="bibr" coords="12,265.27,128.29,23.39,7.18;12,45.64,141.27,83.94,7.18" target="#b19">(Fuller, Marler, &amp; Hester, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,132.21,141.27,85.07,7.18" target="#b30">Jetten &amp; Hornsey, 2014)</ref>. Understanding the conditions that shape constructive deviance is an important step toward responsibly managing this behavior. Second, our studies also introduced the normative conflict model to the organizational behavior literature to inform future research on organizational deviance and conformity. We provided the first evidence that the normative conflict model has utility for understanding behavior in the workplace, rather than in opinion-based social groups where the stakes for expressing dissent are oftentimes lower (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="12,170.08,245.25,91.65,7.18" target="#b44">Packer &amp; Chasteen, 2010)</ref>. Third, we expanded the normative conflict model by integrating it with cognitive dissonance theory <ref type="bibr" coords="12,151.60,271.27,60.92,7.18" target="#b17">(Festinger, 1957)</ref> to explicitly include psychological discomfort as a mediator, which is a core assumption of the model that has not previously been explained. This contribution clarifies why normative conflict can motivate strong identifiers to take drastic action to dissent against their organization.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.1">| Implications for theory</head><p>Our findings have important implications for theory concerning normative conflict and constructive deviance. First, with respect to the normative conflict model, we made an important contribution by articulating the role of psychological discomfort in this theory. Our integration of the normative conflict model with cognitive dissonance theory clarifies why normative conflict is a distressing experience;</p><p>the results of Study 3 illustrate that the moderating effect of normative conflict is entirely explained by feelings of psychological discomfort. As cognitive dissonance theory explains, people are motivated to take action to resolve discrepancy-based discomfort <ref type="bibr" coords="12,226.54,492.26,62.07,7.18;12,45.64,505.30,20.38,7.18" target="#b16">(Elliot &amp; Devine, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,71.38,505.30,109.16,7.18" target="#b18">Festinger &amp; Carlsmith, 1959;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,185.90,505.30,80.42,7.18" target="#b22">Glasford et al., 2008)</ref>. The theoretical arguments underpinning the normative conflict model hint at the importance of psychological discomfort to motivate strong identifiers to dissent <ref type="bibr" coords="12,121.38,544.30,72.60,7.18" target="#b12">(Dupuis et al., 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,197.01,544.30,46.62,7.18" target="#b41">Packer, 2008)</ref>, but ours is the first study to articulate how the normative conflict model is connected to cognitive dissonance theory and to provide evidence in support of this theoretical integration.</p><p>We also contributed to the development of the normative conflict model by illustrating its generalizability to formal business settings.</p><p>Our studies provide a strong test of the model because existing empirical research on the model has only focused on informal, opinion-based social groups, such as discussion groups of university students <ref type="bibr" coords="12,256.20,648.27,32.48,7.18;12,45.64,661.26,54.57,7.18" target="#b44">(Packer &amp; Chasteen, 2010)</ref>. Although this type of context allows for a valid test of the model, informal social groups differ from business organizations in several key respects; for example, businesses have more regimented rules (X. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,75.69,700.26,40.44,7.18" target="#b75">Zhou, 1993)</ref>, leaders who are generally intolerant of deviance <ref type="bibr" coords="12,45.64,713.30,92.20,7.18" target="#b54">(Rotundo &amp; Sackett, 2002)</ref>, and greater financial and personal stakes  <ref type="bibr" coords="12,419.07,414.25,126.29,7.18" target="#b25">(Gutworth, Morton, &amp; Dahling, 2013)</ref>.</p><p>The results additionally indicate that managers should attempt to understand the intention behind rule-breaking behavior. Not all employee deviance is conducted with an intent to harm the organization, and constructive deviance may indicate that a current rule is outdated, inefficient, or harmful <ref type="bibr" coords="12,411.14,479.28,50.71,7.18" target="#b42">(Packer, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="12,464.94,479.28,84.69,7.18;12,306.65,492.26,18.51,7.18" target="#b59">Spreitzer &amp; Sonenshein, 2003)</ref>. By punishing all forms of deviance without consideration of the motivation, organizations may miss opportunities to adapt and grow. On the other hand, there may be employees who commit deviance with the intention to help the organization, but who lack the foresight to see how their acts may cause larger organizational problems. In this case, managers should be sure to set clear expectations for future behavior and suggest other ways that employees could advocate for changes that they see fit <ref type="bibr" coords="12,395.32,583.25,77.87,7.18" target="#b25">(Gutworth et al., 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Last, our findings clearly demonstrate that dissenters are people who may otherwise be among the most loyal and supportive high identifiers in the organization. Managers should be thoughtful about how they react to deviance and take pains to understand the motivations behind deviant actions <ref type="bibr" coords="12,434.89,648.27,73.62,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling et al., 2012)</ref>. Managers who ignore the subtleties of deviance may wind up punishing, alienating, or firing employees who are making good-faith efforts to improve the organization's practices.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.3">| Future research directions</head><p>We applied the normative conflict model to better understand when employees may be motivated to engage in constructive deviance. However, the model may also provide insight into when an employee is likely to commit destructive behaviors. First, from a conceptual standpoint, loyal conformity is not merely the absence of dissent <ref type="bibr" coords="13,126.54,323.25,48.11,7.18" target="#b41">(Packer, 2008)</ref>. We expect that the interaction of high identity and low normative conflict would yield a significant effect on a more direct measurement of organizational loyalty or rule conformity, which is an important issue to explore in future studies.</p><p>A second explanation for this null finding is a simple floor effect; as shown in <ref type="figure" coords="13,80.39,388.28,54.01,7.18" target="#fig_2">Figures 2 and 3</ref>, our samples reported overall low levels of constructive deviance, perhaps yielding an insufficient range for a negative relationship between identity and constructive deviance to emerge when normative conflict was low. A related, third explanation stems from the normative conflict model, which explains that high identifiers with low normative conflict may still engage in occasional instances of "strategic nonconformity" <ref type="bibr" coords="13,194.57,466.29,94.09,7.18;13,45.64,479.27,22.73,7.18">(Packer &amp; Miners, 2014, p. 359)</ref>. Strategic nonconformity involves dissenting from a norm that one actually endorses for the good of the group, such as by playing "devil's advocate" to build consensus and ensure that the group is making good decisions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,127.33,518.27,48.22,7.18" target="#b42">(Packer, 2011)</ref>. Given the overall low levels of constructive deviance that we observed in our data, even very occasional strategic nonconformity might explain why we did not find a negative relationship between identity and constructive deviance when normative conflict was low.</p><p>Researchers may also gain additional insight into the normative conflict model by differentiating between self-focused versus groupfocused normative conflict <ref type="bibr" coords="13,138.50,609.26,90.57,7.18" target="#b44">(Packer &amp; Chasteen, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,230.63,609.26,58.00,7.18;13,45.64,622.25,18.51,7.18" target="#b46">Packer &amp; Miners, 2014)</ref>. Self-focused normative conflict occurs when problematic rules affect only the individual employee, whereas group-focused normative conflict occurs when problematic rules affect the group. Our measure was written to reference group-focused normative conflict, but it is likely that strong identifiers are not as willing to dissent when they perceive only self-focused normative conflict. By clarifying the focus of the normative conflict that people experience, future research may further explain when employees are likely to take different kinds of action to resolve their feelings of psychological discomfort.</p><p>Goal construal also has important effects within the normative conflict model that offer promising directions for future research.</p><p>Packer and colleagues <ref type="bibr" coords="13,392.60,50.27,52.24,7.18" target="#b43">(Packer, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,449.46,50.27,100.16,7.18;13,306.65,63.25,20.38,7.18" target="#b45">Packer, Fujita, &amp; Chasteen, 2014)</ref> have recently demonstrated that the relationship between group identity and dissent depends on participants' level of goal construal. When people consider goals at a high level of construal, they think in abstract, distal terms and are more open to the possibility of group change. In contrast, when people consider goals at a low level of construal, they think in concrete, immediate terms and prioritize group stability. Consequently, high identifiers are more likely to dissent when they adopt a high level of goal construal that makes the possibility of change and improvement salient . Future research could build on these findings in organizations by testing if constructive deviance is enhanced when high identifiers engage in activities such as strategic planning that encourage a high goal construal level.</p><p>Finally, future research should move beyond the study of antecedents to investigate the consequences of constructive deviance in organizations. Constructive deviance has the potential to yield a variety of desirable outcomes, such as enhanced efficiency <ref type="bibr" coords="13,477.47,258.27,72.20,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling et al., 2012)</ref> and constructive organizational change <ref type="bibr" coords="13,445.55,271.26,64.09,7.18" target="#b19">(Fuller et al., 2006)</ref>. However, constructive deviance may yield unintended, negative consequences as well; rules sometimes exist for valid reasons that employees do not understand, and breaking those rules may cause broader problems despite good intentions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,394.18,323.24,73.39,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,470.89,323.24,75.09,7.18" target="#b71">Vardi &amp; Weitz, 2004)</ref>.</p><p>Although the normative conflict model sheds light on the motives and intended outcomes behind acts of workplace deviance, more research is needed to examine under what conditions these behaviors yield the desired results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.4">| Limitations</head><p>Our research has some limitations that should be acknowledged. First, our samples are restricted in some respects. Racial and ethnic minorities were underrepresented in both Studies 2 and 3 that tested the normative conflict model. With respect to work experience, entry-and midlevel employees were overrepresented in both samples. It is therefore unclear whether and how individuals with greater power and supervisory scope engage in constructive deviance. Future research should consequently replicate our findings with more diverse samples.</p><p>Second, the variables in our studies were all self-reported. We made this choice because all of our antecedent variables (identity, normative conflict, and psychological discomfort) are perceptual variables that only the focal respondent could rate. Concerning the criterion variables, we chose self-ratings because managers, coworkers, and other raters may be unable to distinguish between the motive structures underlying constructive versus destructive deviance <ref type="bibr" coords="13,306.65,622.25,74.53,7.18" target="#b9">(Dahling et al., 2012)</ref>. Fortunately, our focal hypotheses concerned interactions, which are not susceptible to CMV <ref type="bibr" coords="13,484.78,635.29,64.85,7.18;13,306.65,648.28,49.68,7.18" target="#b56">(Siemsen, Roth, &amp; Oliveira, 2010)</ref>, and our replication with a time-separated measure of constructive deviance in Study 3 also helps to allay concerns about CMV <ref type="bibr" coords="13,328.93,674.30,84.56,7.18" target="#b50">(Podsakoff et al., 2012)</ref>. Nevertheless, our design would be stronger if an external observer could provide the deviance ratings. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.5">| Conclusion</head><p>Constructive deviance may provide many benefits to organizations, such as improved organizational effectiveness and increased competitive advantage. Although research is increasingly focusing on this important criterion, conflicting findings exist concerning the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance. Our studies clarified this contradictory literature by applying the normative conflict model, designing a scale to measure normative conflict, and testing a mediated-moderation mechanism that explains how this experience motivates constructive deviance. We hope that our findings spark further applications of the normative conflict model to understand deviant behavior in organizations.</p><p>Copyright of Journal of Organizational Behavior is the property of John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,72.62,278.76,189.03,7.24;5,72.62,291.80,189.04,7.18;5,72.62,304.84,189.05,7.18;5,72.62,317.82,73.56,7.18;5,60.66,333.80,228.01,7.18;5,45.64,346.84,243.02,7.18;5,45.64,359.83,242.98,7.18;5,45.64,372.81,242.99,7.18;5,45.64,385.85,243.00,7.18;5,45.64,398.83,243.01,7.18;5,45.64,411.81,242.98,7.18;5,45.64,424.80,243.08,7.18;5,45.64,437.84,243.03,7.18;5,45.64,450.82,155.84,7.18"><head>Hypothesis 2c .</head><label>2c</label><figDesc>Psychological discomfort mediates the direct moderating effect of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identification and constructive deviance. We conducted four studies to explore these ideas. Studies 1a and 1b briefly describe the development and validation of a measure of normative conflict with organizational rules, the key moderating variable posited by the normative conflict model. Study 2 presents a preliminary test of Hypothesis 1, documenting the direct moderation of normative conflict on the relationship between organizational identity and constructive deviance among a sample of employed students. Study 3 tests the full model shown in Figure 1; we replicate Hypothesis 1 and test Hypotheses 2a-2c with a predictive design and a large sample of experienced adult workers.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="9,45.64,645.52,108.95,8.13;9,45.64,661.26,243.06,7.18;9,45.64,674.30,243.03,7.18;9,45.64,687.29,217.23,7.18"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Normative conflict was measured with the eight-item scale developed in Study 1a (α = .94), and organizational identity was measured with the Leach et al. (2008) measure described in Study 2 (α = .97).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="11,45.64,330.86,138.63,7.48;11,45.64,341.86,141.29,7.18;11,45.64,352.85,141.18,7.18;11,45.64,363.85,30.41,7.18"><head>FIGURE 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Interaction of organizational identity and psychological discomfort on prosocial rule breaking (Hypothesis 2b; Study 3)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,45.64,586.77,499.97,129.60"><head>TABLE 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Factor matrix from exploratory factor analysis of normative conflict item pool (Study 1a) 1. I think this organization falls short of what it could be because of the rules and norms it enforces on employees..902. This organization could be so much better if it followed different rules or norms. .873. I think this organization will never reach its true potential until it changes its practices.</figDesc><table coords="6,49.66,603.06,15.14,6.77">Item 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,45.64,120.98,243.08,46.19"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>reports descriptive statistics and correlations for Study 1b</figDesc><table coords="7,45.64,133.96,243.08,33.20">variables. As expected, the normative conflict measure correlated 

negatively with identity fusion, affective commitment, and normative 

commitment, and positively with disidentification. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="7,45.64,612.79,499.94,146.56"><head>TABLE 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Correlations and descriptive statistics (Study 1b)</figDesc><table coords="7,45.64,628.88,499.94,130.47">Variable 
M 
S D 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 

1. Gender 
--
--
--

2. Age 
33.90 
11.68 
.08 
--

3. Tenure (years) 
3.84 
4.37 
.08 
.42 *** 
--

4. Normative conflict 
3.89 
0.98 
−.02 
.06 
.09 
(.91) 

5. Identity fusion 
3.73 
1.49 
−.06 
−.01 
.12 * 
−.43 *** 
(.93) 

6. Disidentification 
1.91 
0.99 
−.08 
−.02 
.02 
.67 *** 
−.54 *** 
(.93) 

7. Affective commitment 
3.97 
1.62 
.02 
.00 
.18 ** 
−.45 *** 
.80 *** 
−.60 *** 
(.91) 

8. Normative commitment 
3.71 
1.59 
.06 
−.04 
.08 
−.46 *** 
.70 *** 
−.53 *** 
.80 *** 
(.92) 

*p &lt; .05. **p &lt; .01. ***p &lt; .001 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="8,45.64,128.29,243.08,163.14"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Few measures of constructive deviance exist in the literature.</figDesc><table coords="8,45.64,141.27,243.08,150.16">Although many organizational behaviors, such as issue selling, voice, 

and extra-role behavior, can be constructively deviant under certain 

circumstances, in many instances those behaviors are performed in 

nondeviant ways (e.g., if norms are not intentionally violated or if the 

motivation is not constructive; Vadera et al., 2013). Most available 

measures do not adequately distinguish between deviant and nondevi-

ant instances of these behaviors, which severely limits the options for 

empirical studies of constructive deviance. In this study, we selected a 

five-item measure of organizationally directed constructive deviance 

(α = .89) developed by Galperin (2012). To our knowledge, this is one 

of only two generalizable measures in the literature that are explicitly 

intended to measure constructive deviance </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="10,45.64,487.61,499.94,117.13"><head>TABLE 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Correlations and descriptive statistics (Study 3)</figDesc><table coords="10,49.66,503.76,495.92,100.99">Variable 
M 
S D 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 

1. Gender 
--
--
--

2. Age 
35.83 
11.17 
.03 
--

3. Tenure (years) 
5.21 
5.46 
.03 
.45 ** 
--

4. Normative conflict 
2.70 
1.06 
−.02 
−.01 
−.03 
(.94) 

5. Psychological discomfort 
3.18 
1.70 
.03 
.02 
−.02 
.69 ** 
(.94) 

6. Organizational identity 
4.60 
1.46 
.03 
.01 
.15 ** 
−.57 ** 
−.55 ** 
(.97) 

7. Prosocial rule breaking 
2.14 
0.84 
−.13 ** 
−.01 
.07 
.33 ** 
.26 ** 
−.10 * 
(.95) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="11,45.64,50.28,274.02,7.48"><head>TABLE 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="11,82.32,50.28,237.34,7.18">Regression of constructive deviance on predictor variables (Study 3) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="12,45.64,50.28,504.08,709.15"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>for deviance (e.g., job loss;<ref type="bibr" coords="12,144.11,726.28,63.41,7.18" target="#b3">Berry et al., 2007)</ref>. Consequently, it was important to demonstrate in this research that normative conflict and social identity can still motivate dissent despite the prospect of steeper consequences. Support for the normative conflict model in organizational settings bolsters the generalizability of the theory and suggests that this model has potential for predicting other organizational behaviors as well, a point that we explore below as a future research direction.Our work is also important to emerging theory concerning constructive deviance. Theory explaining the antecedents of constructive deviance is underdeveloped, and the empirical literature is presently characterized by a variety of contradictory findings<ref type="bibr" coords="12,306.65,154.25,70.78,7.18" target="#b69">(Vadera et al., 2013)</ref>. Our results clarify the ambiguities surrounding the relationship between social identity and constructive deviance by pointing to the critical moderating role of normative conflict perceptions. As we noted previously, the normative conflict model offers valuable precision for helping organizational researchers (a) understand when constructive deviance is likely to occur and (b) better differentiate constructive and destructive deviance.6.2 | Implications for practiceOur findings demonstrate that feelings of normative conflict can trigger constructive deviance among highly identified employees, which underscores that managers need to talk with employees about their understanding of rules and policies in the workplace. Managers who want to guide and control constructive deviance can do so by carefully explaining the reasoning behind organizational rules and accepting employee input concerning alternative practices that might be preferable. We expect that employees are unlikely to dissent with extreme acts of rule breaking if they can instead resolve their dissonance-based discomfort by openly expressing voice and enacting change collaboratively with their supervisors and peers</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_9" coords="13,45.64,63.27,243.06,241.21"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Although the model predicts that high normative conflict and high organizational identification are both necessary for predicting constructive deviance, it may be that the experience of high normative conflict under conditions of low organizational identification leads to disengagement that could manifest as destructive deviance, psychological withdrawal, or withdrawal behaviors such as absenteeism or quitting<ref type="bibr" coords="13,207.03,141.27,81.59,7.18" target="#b15">(Ellemers et al., 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,45.64,154.26,95.81,7.18" target="#b63">Täuber &amp; Sassenberg, 2012)</ref>. Future research should test if the normative conflict model could be used to predict other workplace attitudes and behaviors, and especially if it can differentiate the conditions that promote destructive versus constructive deviance.Although our focus in this study was on the conditions that enhance constructive deviance, future research should also focus on the ambiguities we found concerning conformity. In both Studies 2 and 3, identity had a null relationship with constructive deviance when normative conflict was low. In contrast, the normative conflict model generally posits that deviance should be lowered (or, conversely, that conformity should be increased) under these circumstances. We see several possible explanations that might account for this discrepancy.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="13,306.65,700.26,243.08,59.17"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Third, more validity data is needed on the new normative conflict measure and the constructive deviance measures utilized in our research; both the Dahling et al. (2012) and Galperin (2012) measures have limited validity evidence to date. Although we found consistent support for our hypotheses across multiple studies and with different measures of constructive deviance, more research is needed to collect evidence of the construct validity of these measures with additional samples and variables.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">DAHLING AND GUTWORTH</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.64,291.47,242.92,6.73;14,57.66,301.45,137.50,6.73" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple regression: Testing and interpreting interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<pubPlace>London, Sage; Newbury Park</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.64,316.14,242.95,6.73;14,57.66,326.11,230.95,6.73;14,57.66,336.09,230.96,6.73;14,57.66,346.13,52.84,6.73" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The moderator-mediator variable distinction in social psychological research: Conceptual, strategic, and statistical considerations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1173" to="1182" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.64,360.75,242.96,6.73;14,57.65,370.79,230.96,6.73;14,57.65,380.77,31.77,6.73" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A critical review and best-practice recommendations for control variable usage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bernerth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Aguinis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personnel Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="283" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,395.39,242.94,6.73;14,57.65,405.43,230.95,6.73;14,57.65,415.41,230.98,6.73;14,57.65,425.44,112.97,6.73" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interpersonal deviance, organizational deviance, and their common correlates: A review and meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Berry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Ones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sackett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.92.2.410</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0021-9010.92.2.410" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="410" to="424" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,440.07,242.96,6.73;14,57.65,450.05,139.62,6.73" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Confirmatory factor analysis for applied research</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,464.73,242.95,6.73;14,57.65,474.71,230.99,6.73;14,57.65,484.74,230.97,6.73;14,57.65,494.72,98.85,6.73" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Quitting before leaving: The mediating effects of psychological attachment and detachment on voice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Burris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Detert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chiaburu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.93.4.912</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0021-9010.93.4.912" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="912" to="922" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,509.35,242.98,6.73;14,57.65,519.38,230.95,6.73;14,57.65,529.36,230.98,6.73;14,57.65,539.39,113.63,6.73" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Boundary conditions: What they are, how to explore them, why we need to consider them, and when to consider them</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Busse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Kach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1094428116641191</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/1094428116641191" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,554.02,242.93,6.73;14,57.65,564.00,230.93,6.73;14,57.65,574.03,230.91,6.73;14,57.65,584.01,227.73,6.73" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Separate but equal? A comparison of participants and data gathered via Amazon&apos;s MTurk, social media, and face-to-face behavioral testing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Casler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Bickel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hackett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.chb.2013.05.009</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2013.05.009" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Computers in Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2156" to="2160" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,598.70,242.92,6.73;14,57.65,608.67,230.97,6.73;14,57.65,618.71,230.89,6.73;14,57.65,628.69,98.99,6.73" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deviance as adherence to injunctive group norms: The overlooked role of social identification in deviance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Crane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Platow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1348/014466609x481416</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1348/014466609x481416" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="827" to="847" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,643.31,242.91,6.73;14,57.65,653.35,230.96,6.73;14,57.65,663.33,230.97,6.73;14,57.65,673.36,55.54,6.73" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Breaking rules for the right reasons? An investigation of pro-social rule breaking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Gregory</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.730</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1002/job.730" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.63,687.99,242.97,6.73;14,57.65,697.97,230.91,6.73;14,57.65,708.00,230.91,6.73;14,57.66,717.98,122.95,6.73" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A stake in the fight: When do heterosexual employees resist organizational policies that deny marriage equality to LGB peers?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wiley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fishman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Loihle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">132</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,45.64,732.66,242.92,6.73;14,57.66,742.64,230.95,6.73;14,57.66,752.61,113.52,6.73" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Toward a unified conception of business ethics: Integrative social contracts theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Donaldson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Dunfee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Review</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="252" to="284" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,50.25,242.94,6.73;14,318.61,60.28,230.98,6.73;14,318.61,70.26,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,80.29,111.19,6.73" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">To dissent and protect: Stronger collective identification increases willingness to dissent when group norms evoke collective angst</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dupuis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J A</forename><surname>Wohl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Tabri</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Group Processes &amp; Intergroup Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="694" to="710" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,93.96,242.92,6.73;14,318.61,103.94,231.00,6.73;14,318.61,113.91,230.97,6.73;14,318.61,123.95,60.09,6.73" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for integrating moderation and mediation: A general analytic framework using moderated path analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lambert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1082-989X.12.1.1</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/1082-989X.12.1.1" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,137.61,242.94,6.73;14,318.61,147.59,230.95,6.73;14,318.61,157.62,155.85,6.73" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social identity theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ellemers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Haslam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of theories of social psychology</title>
		<editor>P. A. M. Lange, A. Kruglanski, &amp; E. T. Higgins</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Washington D.C.</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="398" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,171.29,242.95,6.73;14,318.61,181.27,231.04,6.73;14,318.61,191.30,84.13,6.73" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self and social identity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ellemers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Spears</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Doosje</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.psych.53.100901.135228</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev.psych.53.100901.135228" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="186" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,204.96,242.93,6.73;14,318.61,214.94,230.96,6.73;14,318.61,224.92,230.97,6.73;14,318.61,234.95,68.01,6.73" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the motivational nature of cognitive dissonance: Dissonance as psychological discomfort</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Devine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.67.3.382</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.67.3.382" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="382" to="394" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,248.62,242.94,6.73;14,318.61,258.59,30.92,6.73" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A theory of cognitive dissonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Festinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1957" />
			<publisher>White Plains</publisher>
			<pubPlace>NY: Row, Peterson</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,272.26,242.97,6.73;14,318.61,282.29,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,292.27,150.53,6.73" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive consequences of forced compliance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Festinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carlsmith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0041593</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/h0041593" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="1959" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,305.93,242.98,6.73;14,318.61,315.97,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,325.95,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,335.92,149.74,6.73" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Promoting felt responsibility for constructive change and proactive behavior: Exploring aspects of an elaborated model of work design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fuller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Marler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.408</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1002/job.408" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1089" to="1120" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,349.64,242.97,6.73;14,318.61,359.62,230.97,6.73;14,318.61,369.60,231.04,6.73;14,318.61,379.63,133.13,6.73" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the nomological network of workplace deviance: Developing and validating a measure of constructive deviance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Galperin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1559-1816.2012.00971.x</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1559-1816.2012.00971.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2988" to="3025" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,393.30,242.93,6.73;14,318.61,403.27,231.02,6.74;14,318.62,413.31,175.10,6.73" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational identity, image, and adaptive instability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gioia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Schultz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Corley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.5465/AMR.2000.2791603</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.5465/AMR.2000.2791603" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,426.97,242.97,6.73;14,318.62,436.95,230.99,6.73;14,318.62,446.93,230.97,6.73;14,318.62,456.96,56.90,6.73" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intragroup dissonance: Responses to ingroup violation of personal values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Glasford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Pratto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Dovidio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2007.10.004</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2007.10.004" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1057" to="1064" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,470.63,242.96,6.73;14,318.62,480.60,231.00,6.73;14,318.62,490.64,230.98,6.73;14,318.62,500.62,205.20,6.73" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the nature of identity fusion: Insights into the construct and a new measure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Á</forename><surname>Gómez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brooks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Burhmester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Vázquez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jetten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Swann</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0022642</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/a0022642" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="918" to="933" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,514.28,242.97,6.73;14,318.62,524.31,231.01,6.73;14,318.62,534.29,230.96,6.73;14,318.61,544.27,115.07,6.73" xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The necessity of others is the mother of invention: Intrinsic and prosocial motivations, perspective taking, and creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Berry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.5465/AMJ.2011.59215085</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.5465/AMJ.2011.59215085" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="96" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,557.93,242.90,6.73;14,318.61,567.97,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,577.95,230.97,6.73;14,318.61,587.98,231.04,6.73" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managing organizational deviance: Focusing on causes, not symptoms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Gutworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Morton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Received wisdom, kernels of truth, and boundary conditions in organizational studies</title>
		<editor>D. Svyantek, &amp; K. Mahoney</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="180" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,611.62,242.96,6.73;14,318.61,621.66,230.99,6.73;14,318.61,631.63,230.94,6.73;14,318.61,641.61,95.41,6.73" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Item parceling strategies in SEM: Investigating the subtle effects of unmodeled secondary constructs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Snell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Foust</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/109442819923002</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/109442819923002" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="256" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,655.27,242.88,6.73;14,318.61,665.31,231.02,6.73;14,318.61,675.29,171.81,6.73" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Introduction to mediation, moderation, and conditional process analysis: A regression-based approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/jedm.12050</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1111/jedm.12050" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>The Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,688.95,242.96,6.73;14,318.61,698.99,231.01,6.73;14,318.61,708.96,193.76,6.73" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A brief tutorial on the development of measures for use in survey questionnaires</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hinkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/109442819800100106</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/109442819800100106" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="104" to="121" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.65,722.63,242.98,6.73;14,318.61,732.66,231.00,6.73;14,318.61,742.64,231.04,6.73;14,318.61,752.62,122.36,6.73" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On being loud and proud: Non-conformity and counter-conformity to group norms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hornsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Majkut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Terry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mckimmie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1348/014466603322438189</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1348/014466603322438189" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="319" to="335" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,50.25,242.95,6.73;15,57.66,60.28,230.98,6.73;15,57.66,70.26,75.86,6.73" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deviance and dissent in groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jetten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hornsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev-psych-010213-115151</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-psych-010213-115151" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="461" to="485" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,85.11,242.93,6.73;15,57.66,95.09,230.90,6.73;15,57.66,105.13,152.63,6.73" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evidence toward an expanded model of organizational identification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Kreiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ashforth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.234</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1002/job.234" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,119.98,243.01,6.73;15,57.66,129.70,230.97,7.50;15,57.66,139.93,230.91,6.73;15,57.66,149.97,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,159.95,150.35,6.73" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Group-level self-definition and selfinvestment: A hierarchical (multicomponent) model of in-group identification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Leach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Van Zomeren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Zebel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L W</forename><surname>Vliek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Pennekamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Doosje</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Spears</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.95.1.144</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.95.1.144" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="144" to="165" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,174.80,242.97,6.73;15,57.66,184.78,230.98,6.73;15,57.66,194.81,112.35,6.73" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stealing fire: Creative deviance in the evolution of new ideas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Mainemelis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.5465/amr.2010.53502801</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.5465/amr.2010.53502801" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="558" to="578" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,209.67,242.97,6.73;15,57.66,219.65,230.96,6.73;15,57.66,229.62,49.34,6.73" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Statistical difficulties of detecting interactions and moderator effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mcclelland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Judd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="376" to="390" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,244.48,242.90,6.73;15,57.66,254.51,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,264.49,230.96,6.73;15,57.66,274.47,197.31,6.73" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A study of the relationship between exit, voice, loyalty and neglect and commitment in India</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mellahi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Budhwar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0018726709348932</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0018726709348932" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Studies Towards the Integration of the Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="349" to="369" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Human Relations</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,289.32,242.97,6.73;15,57.65,299.36,51.75,6.73" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Commitment in the workplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,314.21,242.95,6.73;15,57.65,324.19,230.97,6.73;15,57.66,334.16,99.61,6.73" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Doing the job well: An investigation of pro-social rule breaking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0149206305277790</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0149206305277790" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,349.02,242.99,6.73;15,57.66,359.05,230.91,6.73;15,57.66,369.03,230.98,6.73;15,57.66,379.01,48.05,6.73" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When moderation is mediated and mediation is moderated</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Muller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Judd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yzerbyt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.89.6.852</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.89.6.852" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="852" to="863" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,393.86,242.97,6.74;15,57.66,403.90,127.31,6.73" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Muthén</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Muthén</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Mplus user&apos;s guide</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Los Angeles, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Muthén and Muthén</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>7th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,418.69,242.96,6.73;15,57.66,428.73,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,438.71,230.98,6.73;15,57.66,448.74,230.88,6.73;15,57.66,458.72,64.67,6.73" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationships between organizational justice, identification with organization and work unit, and group-related outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M.-E</forename><surname>Olkkonen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lipponen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.obhdp.2005.08.007</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obhdp.2005.08.007" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="202" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,473.57,242.93,6.73;15,57.66,483.55,230.92,6.73;15,57.66,493.59,228.13,6.73" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On being both with us and against us: A normative conflict model of dissent in social groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1088868307309606</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/1088868307309606" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,508.38,242.94,6.73;15,57.66,518.42,230.91,6.73;15,57.66,528.39,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,538.43,156.09,6.73" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The dissenter&apos;s dilemma, and a social identity solution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/9781444390841.ch15</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1002/9781444390841.ch15" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Rebels in groups: Dissent, deviance, difference, and defiance</title>
		<editor>J. Jetten, &amp; M. J. Hornsey</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Malden, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="281" to="301" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,553.23,243.00,6.73;15,57.66,563.26,230.91,6.73;15,57.66,573.24,230.89,6.73;15,57.66,583.27,67.33,6.73" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On not airing our dirty laundry: Intergroup contexts suppress ingroup criticism among strongly identified group members</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/bjso.12017</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1111/bjso.12017" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,598.07,242.96,6.73;15,57.66,608.10,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,618.08,230.88,6.73;15,57.66,628.12,68.81,6.73" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loyal deviance: Testing the normative conflict model of dissent in social groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chasteen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167209350628</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0146167209350628" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,642.91,242.95,6.73;15,57.66,652.95,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,662.93,230.97,6.73;15,57.66,672.96,99.61,6.73" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The motivational dynamics of dissent decisions: A goal-conflict approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Fujita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chasteen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1948550613486676</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/1948550613486676" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychological and Personality Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,687.82,242.93,6.73;15,57.66,697.79,230.93,6.73;15,57.66,707.77,230.89,6.73;15,57.66,717.81,69.12,6.73" xml:id="b46">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Tough love: The normative conflict model and a goal system approach to dissent decisions. Social and Personality Psychology Compass</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Packer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">T H</forename><surname>Miners</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/spc3.12114</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1111/spc3.12114" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="354" to="373" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,45.64,732.66,242.94,6.73;15,57.66,742.64,230.97,6.73;15,57.66,752.62,224.56,6.73" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inside the Turk: Understanding Mechanical Turk as a participant pool</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Paolacci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chandler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0963721414531598</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0963721414531598" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="184" to="188" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,50.25,242.95,6.73;15,318.61,60.28,231.02,6.73;15,318.61,70.26,217.46,6.73" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Selectively recruiting participants from Amazon Mechanical Turk using Qualtrics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Peer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Paolacci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chandler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2100631" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,84.09,242.93,6.73;15,318.61,94.07,231.01,6.73;15,318.61,104.11,231.03,6.73;15,318.61,114.08,39.43,6.73" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reputation as a sufficient condition for data quality on Amazon Mechanical Turk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Peer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Vosgerau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Acquisti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3758/s13428-013-0434-y</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.3758/s13428-013-0434-y" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1023" to="1031" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,127.86,242.97,6.73;15,318.61,137.89,231.00,6.73;15,318.61,147.87,231.04,6.73;15,318.61,157.91,150.12,6.73" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sources of method bias in social science research and recommendations on how to control it</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev-psych-120710-100452</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-psych-120710-100452" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="539" to="569" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,171.68,242.99,6.73;15,318.61,181.72,230.98,6.73;15,318.61,191.70,175.35,6.73" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The good, the bad, and the ambivalent: Managing identification among Amway distributors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2667106</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.2307/2667106" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">456</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,205.53,242.93,6.73;15,318.61,215.51,230.99,6.73;15,318.61,225.48,200.89,6.73" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seeking conversion versus advocating tolerance in the pursuit of social change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Prislin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Filson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0016169</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/a0016169" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="811" to="822" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,239.32,242.97,6.73;15,318.61,249.30,230.96,6.73;15,318.61,259.33,181.15,6.73" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A typology of deviant workplace behaviors: A multidimensional scaling study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/256693</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.2307/256693" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="555" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,273.11,242.93,6.73;15,318.61,283.14,231.01,6.73;15,318.61,293.12,230.97,6.73;15,318.61,303.10,211.63,6.73" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relative importance of task, citizenship, and counterproductive performance to global ratings of job performance: A policy-capturing approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rotundo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sackett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.87.1.66</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/0021-9010.87.1.66" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="66" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,316.93,242.97,6.73;15,318.61,326.91,230.97,6.73;15,318.61,336.94,231.01,6.73;15,318.61,346.92,151.10,6.73" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tackling the problem of construct proliferation: A guide to assessing the discriminant validity of conceptually related constructs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Shaffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Degeest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1094428115598239</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/1094428115598239" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,360.75,242.96,6.73;15,318.61,370.73,230.96,6.73;15,318.61,380.71,153.60,6.73" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common method bias in regression models with linear, quadratic, and interaction effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Siemsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Roth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="456" to="476" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,394.54,242.90,6.73;15,318.61,404.52,231.01,6.73;15,318.61,414.55,190.28,6.73" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predictors of external whistleblowing: Organizational and intrapersonal variables</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Sims</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Keenan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1023/a:1005763807868</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1023/a:1005763807868" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Ethics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="411" to="421" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,428.33,243.00,6.73;15,318.61,438.37,220.93,6.73" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Summated rating scale construction: An introduction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Spector</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.4135/9781412986038</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.4135/9781412986038" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<pubPlace>Newbury Park, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,452.14,242.92,6.73;15,318.61,462.18,230.97,6.73;15,318.61,472.16,230.98,6.73;15,318.61,482.19,27.16,6.73" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive deviance and extraordinary organizing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Spreitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sonenshein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Positive organizational scholarship</title>
		<editor>K. S. Cameron, J. E. Dutton, &amp; R. E. Quinn</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Francisco</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Berrett Koehler</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="207" to="224" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,495.97,242.95,6.73;15,318.61,505.94,230.98,6.73;15,318.61,515.98,151.10,6.73" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward the construct definition of positive deviance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Spreitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sonenshein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0002764203260212</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0002764203260212" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The American Behavioral Scientist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="828" to="847" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,529.75,242.95,6.74;15,318.61,539.79,75.95,6.73" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social identity and intergroup behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tajfel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science Information</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,553.57,242.92,6.73;15,318.61,563.60,231.01,6.73;15,318.61,573.58,200.24,6.73" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An integrative theory of intergroup conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tajfel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The social psychology of intergroup relations</title>
		<editor>W. G. Austin, &amp; S. Worchel</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Monterey, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Brooks/Cole</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="47" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,587.41,242.95,6.73;15,318.62,597.39,230.96,6.73;15,318.62,607.42,230.94,6.73;15,318.62,617.40,90.50,6.73" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of identification on adherence to group norms in team sports: Who is going the extra mile?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Täuber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sassenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0028377</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1037/a0028377" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Group Dynamics: Theory, Research, and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="240" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,631.18,242.97,6.73;15,318.62,641.21,231.02,6.73;15,318.62,651.19,231.01,6.73;15,318.62,661.23,175.11,6.73" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An examination of the layers of workplace influences in ethical judgments: Whistleblowing likelihood and perseverance in public accounting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Curtis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10551-009-0179-9</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1007/s10551-009-0179-9" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Ethics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,675.00,243.00,6.73;15,318.61,685.04,230.99,6.73;15,318.61,695.02,230.97,6.73" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Group norms and the attitude-behavior relationship: A role for group identification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Terry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hogg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167296228002</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="776" to="793" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,718.83,242.95,6.73;15,318.62,728.80,77.97,6.73" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>APA</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, D.C.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.65,742.64,242.92,6.73;15,318.61,752.62,230.97,6.73;16,57.66,50.25,230.95,6.73" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Job attitudes of part-time vs. full-time workers: A meta-analytic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Thorsteinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1348/096317903765913687</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1348/0963179037659" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="151" to="177" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,74.91,242.99,6.73;16,57.66,84.89,230.94,6.73;16,57.66,94.92,107.65,6.73" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making sense of whistleblowing&apos;s antecedents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Vadera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Aguilera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Caza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.5840/beq200919432</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.5840/beq200919432" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Ethics Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="553" to="586" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,109.49,242.96,6.73;16,57.66,119.53,230.96,6.73;16,57.66,129.50,206.17,6.73" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Constructive deviance in organizations: Integrating and moving forward</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Vadera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Mishra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0149206313475816</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1177/0149206313475816" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1221" to="1276" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,144.13,242.99,6.73;16,57.66,154.17,230.98,6.73;16,57.66,164.14,230.91,6.73;16,57.66,174.12,57.30,6.73" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An integrative model of social identification: Self-stereotyping and selfanchoring as two cognitive pathways</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Van Veelen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Otten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Cadinu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,188.75,242.95,6.73;16,57.66,198.78,230.88,6.73;16,57.66,208.76,55.77,6.73" xml:id="b71">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Vardi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Weitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.4324/9781410609052</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.4324/9781410609052" />
		<title level="m">Misbehavior in organizations: Theory, research, and management</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Mahwah, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,223.39,242.92,6.73;16,57.66,233.37,230.95,6.73;16,57.66,243.40,230.96,6.73;16,57.66,253.38,230.97,6.73;16,57.66,263.41,173.16,6.73" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Construct explication through factor or component analysis: A review and evaluation of alternative procedures for determining the number of factors or components</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Velicer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Eaton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fava</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Problems and solutions in human assessment</title>
		<editor>R. D. Goffin, &amp; E. Helmes</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boston, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Kluwer</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="71" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,278.04,242.96,6.73;16,57.66,288.02,200.31,6.73" xml:id="b73">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Constructive and destructive deviance in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Warren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Review</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="622" to="632" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,302.65,243.01,6.73;16,57.66,312.62,230.91,6.73;16,57.66,322.66,230.90,6.73;16,57.66,332.64,70.20,6.73" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement models for linking latent variables and indicators: A review of human resource management research using parcels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Boyle</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Resource Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="242" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,45.64,347.26,242.97,6.73;16,57.66,357.30,94.34,6.73" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The dynamics of organizational rules</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1134" to="1166" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.65,50.25,242.94,6.73;16,318.61,60.28,231.01,6.73;16,318.61,70.26,228.60,6.73" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When job dissatisfaction leads to creativity: Encouraging the expression of voice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3069410</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.2307/3069410" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="682" to="696" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,313.63,113.84,229.05,7.24;16,313.63,126.93,229.05,7.18;16,313.63,139.92,229.10,7.18;16,313.62,152.90,229.05,7.18;16,313.62,165.88,229.02,7.18;16,313.62,178.92,229.04,7.18;16,313.63,191.90,45.45,7.18" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dahling received a PhD in Industrial/Organizational Psychology from the University of Akron. His research focuses on self-regulation as it applies to performance management, emotion regulation, and career decision making. His previous work has been published in outlets such as Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personnel Psychology, and Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,313.63,210.84,229.00,7.24;16,313.63,223.93,229.05,7.18;16,313.63,236.92,229.02,7.18;16,313.63,249.90,229.02,7.18;16,313.63,262.88,229.02,7.18;16,313.63,275.92,180.98,7.18;16,319.63,314.87,217.05,7.24;16,319.63,327.91,216.98,7.18;16,319.63,340.89,216.98,7.19;16,319.64,353.93,78.66,7.18" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Her research examines creativity, deviance, leadership, and mechanisms behind the creativity-deviance relationship. Her research has been</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Melissa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.2194</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1002/job.2194" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Gutworth received a PhD in Industrial/Organizational Psychology from Penn State University</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1167" to="1182" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>J Organ Behav.</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
