<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Influence of industry type on the relationship between international operations and risk ☆</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Elango</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Management and Quantitative Methods Department</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">College of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Illinois State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Campus</addrLine>
									<postBox>Box 5580</postBox>
									<postCode>61790-5580</postCode>
									<settlement>Normal</settlement>
									<region>IL</region>
									<country key="US">United States</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Influence of industry type on the relationship between international operations and risk ☆</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jbusres.2009.03.016</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 19 July 2007 Accepted 10 March 2009</note>
					<note>a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:00+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>International operations Strategic risk Global and multi-domestic industry</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>Reducing strategic risk has become an issue of paramount importance to corporations. One way to reduce such risk is through international operations. However, published research reports conflicting findings on the relationship between international operations and risk reduction. In addition, the literature leaves one avenue largely unexplored, namely, industry influence. Using a sample of 367 firms, this study tests for the relationship between internationalization and risk across global and multi-domestic industries. Study findings indicate a negative relationship between risk and internationalization, indicating that firms are benefited by reduced risk through internationalization. Additionally, regression models indicate the incremental rate of benefits due to internationalization is greater in the case of global industries, compared to multi-domestic industries.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>In recent years, one of the major concerns for corporations has been to reduce surprises in corporate earnings. This motivation, coupled with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, has led to many firms incorporating enterprise risk management techniques in their operations. While the usage of risk management techniques has met with success in reducing the impact of operational risk factors, it is not evident that such approaches can address strategic risks faced by a company. Strategic risks refer to risks that can devastate a company's shareholder value <ref type="bibr" coords="1,149.55,513.28,101.31,7.54" target="#b59">(Slywotzky and Drzik, 2005)</ref>. Therefore, addressing strategic risks is one of the biggest challenges today in corporate strategy.</p><p>One method for a firm to reduce strategic risk is by increasing the scope of operations across countries, providing real options in managerial choices. Real options are investments in real assets, which confer to the firm the right to undertake certain actions in the future <ref type="bibr" coords="1,67.57,586.52,50.21,7.54" target="#b46">(Myers, 1977;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,120.70,586.52,60.46,7.54" target="#b67">Trigeorgis, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,184.02,586.52,105.73,7.54" target="#b1">Amram and Kulatilaka, 1999)</ref>. Real options captures the flexibility afforded to managers in adapting decisions to evolving uncertainty in the environment, thereby reducing downside risk while accessing upside opportunities <ref type="bibr" coords="1,540.45,408.68,21.15,7.54;1,310.51,419.17,65.70,7.54" target="#b65">(Tong and Reuer, 2007a)</ref>. These real options are different from commonly known financial options (e.g., financial derivatives, insurance contracts) available in public markets, as real options are not traded and are specifically tied to the flexibility offered by a firm's current strategies, resource profile and its environment <ref type="bibr" coords="1,500.08,461.00,61.44,7.54" target="#b43">(McGrath, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.51,471.44,75.09,7.54" target="#b44">McGrath et al., 2004)</ref>. This notion of real options has been tested and validated in strategy, international business, finance and economics literature <ref type="bibr" coords="1,346.39,492.36,85.86,7.54" target="#b55">(Reuer and Tong, 2007)</ref> and can serve us well in enhancing our understanding of risk management .</p><p>While strong rationale can be provided for risk reduction for international operations using the notion of real options <ref type="bibr" coords="1,535.12,523.76,26.52,7.54;1,310.51,534.19,18.88,7.54" target="#b33">(Kogut, 1983)</ref>, extant research presents contradictory empirical evidence on the linkage between internationalization and risk reduction. For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,344.97,555.11,62.61,7.54" target="#b31">(Kim et al. 1993)</ref> reported that international diversification was associated with the twin benefits of lower risk and higher returns, supporting the notion of flexibility and competitive options. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,527.41,576.03,34.15,7.54;1,310.50,586.52,59.69,7.54" target="#b0">Allan and Pantzalis (1996)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="1,391.12,586.52,85.74,7.54" target="#b63">Tang and Tikoo (1999)</ref> empirically show that multinational operational flexibility enhances the ability of a firm to respond profitably to changes in the global environment, which results in increased market value for the firm. However, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,485.01,617.87,76.64,7.54" target="#b36">Lee and Kwok (1988)</ref> report lower financial leverage ratios by MNCs, which questions the underlying notion of risk reduction through international operations. Additionally, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,356.66,649.29,60.85,7.54" target="#b53">Reeb et al. (1998)</ref> report that systematic risk increases for a firm with higher levels of internationalization. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,523.79,659.72,37.78,7.54;1,310.51,670.21,57.70,7.54" target="#b54">Reuer and Leiblein (2000)</ref> report that U.S. manufacturing firms with greater multinationality do not obtain lower levels of downside risk.</p><p>Although published research has explored the question if international operations lead to risk reduction, this conflicting finding serves as a stimulus for this study. In particular, this study seeks to add to prior research on this topic by incorporating the industry differences in the testing of the relationship between international operations and risk reduction. This need to incorporate an industry's characteristics is consistent with one of the fundamental themes in strategy and organizational theory literature, wherein it is recognized that that a firm's strategy outcomes would be influenced by the underlying opportunities or constraints of the industry environment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,249.84,120.57,34.95,7.54;2,33.73,131.06,36.84,7.54" target="#b21">(Goddard et al., 2009</ref>). Therefore, this study will test to see if the benefits of risk reduction due to international operations hold across industries wherein there are differences in the nature of international competition <ref type="bibr" coords="2,50.63,162.41,48.36,7.54" target="#b49">(Porter, 1986)</ref>. Additionally, the operationalization of internationalization has been a subject of debate in the broader international business literature, as studies tend to use unidimensional measures <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,193.81,59.20,7.54" target="#b61">(Sullivan, 1994)</ref>. Therefore this paper uses a multidimensional operationalization of internationalization and empirically tests for the following two questions: 1) Are firms benefited by reduced risk through internationalization? and 2) How do the risk reduction benefits vary across the global and multi-domestic industries? The sample for this study will be manufacturing firms whose SIC codes lie between 2000 and 3999 (representing the majority of U.S. manufacturing industries). This study will serve to increase our understanding of corporate strategy development to reduce strategic risk and present significant implications for risk management and international business.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Real options and internationalization</head><p>2.1. Internationalization and risk reduction <ref type="bibr" coords="2,45.69,361.17,50.72,7.54" target="#b33">Kogut (1983)</ref> provided the conceptual foundation linking the notion of real options with international operations. He argued that when a firm internationalizes operations, it gains operational flexibility within its multinational network. International operations allow a firm to shift value chain activities across subsidiaries which are dispersed when opportunities arise and disappear. This flexibility creates "real options", allowing a firm to respond to uncertainties by optimizing its operations within the network <ref type="bibr" coords="2,197.62,434.36,48.51,7.54" target="#b33">(Kogut, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,247.97,434.36,36.85,7.54;2,33.73,444.85,58.74,7.54" target="#b35">Kogut and Kulatilaka, 1994)</ref>. Such options in international operations offer firms the strategic choice of reducing downside risk. For instance, given the rarities of observing perfect synchronization of markets (e.g., in pricing, currency rates, growth rates, interest rates, business cycles), risk can be reduced by a firm through diversification of markets <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,497.17,126.41,7.54" target="#b56">(Riahi-Belkaoui and Alnajjar, 2002)</ref>. When a firm has an internationally diversified network, it allows for shifting of operations in response to changes of relative prices in inputs or outputs (i.e., demand and supply) across the network. Additionally, these firms have the ability to arbitrage restrictions in prices, taxes and financial regulations through transfer pricing and other mechanisms within their network <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,559.93,128.05,7.55" target="#b60">(Subramaniam and Watson, 2006)</ref>. Therefore, such exploitation of varying market conditions allows the internationalized firm to reduce cost of production or enhance revenue generation compared to a purely domestic firm, assuming that cost increases due to dispersed operations are lower than the resulting enhanced revenue and cost savings. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,65.76,612.21,106.73,7.54" target="#b35">Kogut and Kulatilaka (1994)</ref> provide justification for such options through a model of production switching between two countries when there are volatile changes in exchange rates. Empirical evidence is provided by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,127.22,643.62,55.26,7.54" target="#b52">Rangan (1998)</ref> in his study of U.S. MNCs, wherein he found that exchange rate movements induce shifts in manufacturing and sourcing practices of such firms.</p><p>The benefits of such real options in international operations may not be limited to economic factors alone, but can also apply to reducing political risk and competitive risk. First, international operations allow the multinational to reduce political risk associated with focused operations in one country. While it is true in most instances that international operations in a host country may be politically riskier than investments in a home country, there exists a potential to reduce the combined risk of international activities even relative to the home country <ref type="bibr" coords="2,414.99,68.24,44.44,7.54" target="#b51">(Qian, 1996)</ref>. For instance, dispersed operations make a firm less susceptible to the risk of political pressure and governmental changes <ref type="bibr" coords="2,408.47,89.15,54.09,7.54" target="#b6">(Brewer, 1981)</ref>, allowing it to reduce commitments in risky countries. Second, operation in multiple markets provides for a firm to strike back against aggressive moves made by competitors, thereby reducing the risk for an international firm to face aggressive competitive challenges <ref type="bibr" coords="2,473.21,131.05,79.57,7.54;2,301.72,141.48,19.16,7.54" target="#b28">(Hamel and Prahalad, 1985)</ref>. Additionally, operating in multiple countries allows a firm to selectively withdraw from markets where the competition is intense, thereby affording the option of competitive avoidance <ref type="bibr" coords="2,498.55,162.40,50.40,7.54" target="#b15">(Elango, 1998)</ref>. Therefore, international operations can be considered as a portfolio of real options, allowing the firm to respond to changing conditions and enabling it to reduce risk through internationalization <ref type="bibr" coords="2,503.43,193.81,49.36,7.54" target="#b34">(Kogut, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,301.72,204.24,96.77,7.54" target="#b35">Kogut and Kulatilaka, 1994)</ref>. Consequently, the following hypothesis is proposed:</p><p>Hypothesis 1. Internationalization has a negative relationship to strategic risk.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Industry, internationalization and risk reduction</head><p>While the earlier section argued that a multinational network offers real options, increasing the ability of the firm to respond to changes in the environment, in this section we postulate that the extent of options are constrained by the industry in which the firm operates. This need to incorporate industry characteristics is consistent with one of the fundamental themes in strategy literature, wherein it is recognized that that a firm's strategy should reflect the underlying opportunities or constraints of the environment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,534.26,361.16,18.51,7.54;2,301.72,371.60,19.16,7.54" target="#b41">(Luo, 1999)</ref>. Studies on international strategy offer empirical evidence to support the notion that the type of industry impacts international strategy choices and the resulting outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="2,464.48,392.52,88.30,7.54" target="#b3">(Birkinshaw et al., 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,301.72,403.00,91.13,7.54" target="#b27">Johansson and Yip, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,395.20,403.00,91.34,7.54" target="#b58">Roth and Morrison, 1990)</ref>.</p><p>In the international strategy literature, industries have been classified in a broad continuum, based on the importance of international competition <ref type="bibr" coords="2,396.79,434.35,41.30,7.54" target="#b14">(Doz, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,440.05,434.35,86.94,7.54" target="#b50">Prahalad and Doz, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,529.00,434.35,23.76,7.54;2,301.72,444.85,20.44,7.54" target="#b49">Porter, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,324.96,444.85,56.58,7.54" target="#b45">Morrison, 1990)</ref>. Visualized as a spectrum, located at one end are industries which are global, and at the other are industries which are multi-domestic in nature. Examples of multi-domestic industries are consumer packaged goods and machinery tools, while global industries include semiconductors, aircraft manufacturing, etc. In global industries, firms face significant pressure to reduce costs and therefore tend to make relatively standardized products across countries served. In contrast, firms in multi-domestic industries face less pressure to reduce costs, but have a greater need to offer products suited to local requirements <ref type="bibr" coords="2,406.31,539.02,48.31,7.54" target="#b49">(Porter, 1986)</ref>.</p><p>Given the variation across industries in the ability of firms to sell common products, it places restraints on the ability of a firm to transfer or redeploy real assets across countries. This is due to the fact that real assets are to some degree irreversible and the ability to redeploy them varies by industry <ref type="bibr" coords="2,424.06,591.29,90.28,7.54" target="#b13">(Dixit and Pindyck 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,516.52,591.29,36.28,7.54;2,301.72,601.78,47.44,7.54" target="#b57">Rivoli and Salorio, 1996)</ref>. To the degree an asset cannot be redeployed, its option value would be limited, leading to a decrease in its risk reduction benefits. Therefore, it stands to reason the notion of real options in international operations and its attendant benefit in risk reduction exists only when "…the multinational network could realize the option value of switching raw materials, production, and sales across subsidiaries…" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,358.47,664.53,58.27,7.54">(Li, 2007: p: 82)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,422.93,664.53,76.10,7.54" target="#b69">Vassolo et al. (2004)</ref> point out that when a firm can leverage its options portfolio across various settings, the economic benefits from the portfolio will be higher due to superaddictive (i.e., synergistic) properties. Therefore, in the case of global industries, since a firm uses a greater commonality of product across various markets, the risk reduction benefits would be higher since the portfolio is likely to be super-addictive. On the other hand, in multidomestic industries, the option to switch would be constrained since localized products and production processes cannot be shifted across markets <ref type="bibr" coords="3,74.32,68.24,33.68,7.54" target="#b37">(Li, 2007)</ref>. Therefore, the following hypothesis is proposed:</p><p>Hypothesis 2. The strength of the negative relationship between internationalization and strategic risk is higher in global industries in comparison to multi-domestic industries.</p><p>We recognize two caveats to this argument. First, exploitation of such options requires the firm to have the ability to understand, monitor and respond to external opportunities appropriately. Additionally, the firm must have systems and structures which allow for redeployment of assets within its multinational operations <ref type="bibr" coords="3,193.55,172.89,46.95,7.54" target="#b32">(Kogut, 1985)</ref>. Second, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,276.26,172.89,17.40,7.54;3,42.52,183.33,69.13,7.54" target="#b66">Tong and Reuer (2007b)</ref> caution that incremental benefits of such options could be reduced as a firm's exposure to number of markets increases and coordination costs rise due to organizational complexity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Research methodology</head><p>The following sections will summarize the data collection procedure, operationalization of variables, and selection of control variables used in this study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Data collection procedure</head><p>The primary research objective of this study is to determine if there are any differences in the internationalization-risk relationship across the two categorizations of industries commonly alluded to in the international strategy literature. The first step was to classify manufacturing industries into two categories based on their SIC codes. This study uses the methodology and measures developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,187.37,361.17,71.06,7.54" target="#b42">Makhija et al. (1997)</ref> to classify industries based on the level of international trade (LIT) and intra-industry trade (IIT) in an industry, using data collected from the U.S. Department of Commerce. LIT captures the degree of foreign market orientation of the firm's domestic industry, while IIT captures the relative reliance of the domestic industry on foreign sales and foreign purchases. However, it should be noted that Makhija et al. split industries into four groups: integrated global, multi-domestic, simple global, and multi-domestic transitional. Since the theoretical arguments made in the hypothesis section focused either on multi-domestic or integrated global industries (semiconductors, aircraft manufacturing, etc.) wherein there is a large amount of intrafirm trade, this study's focus is limited to these two industries. Following the practice of Makhija et al., multi-domestic industries are classified as those measuring less than .5 for both LIT and IIT, while integrated global (henceforth referred to as global) industries are those measuring more than .5 for both LIT and IIT. Industries (i.e., transitional or simple global industries) which did not fit into either of these two groups were not included in the analysis.</p><p>Once global and multi-domestic industries were identified by their SICs, the second step involved identifying firms in the WorldScope database within these SICs. WorldScope was chosen for firm level data because it presents firm level information on the extent of foreign sales and foreign assets held by the firm (i.e., independent variable) along with the variables of interest of this study. Additional information on the subsidiaries of firms across countries was collected from the Directory of Corporate Affiliations. Because of data constraints across the three sources (i.e., U.S. Department of Commerce, WorldScope database and the Directory of Corporate Affiliations), this study focuses on the time period 1995-1997 and on firms whose revenue is in excess of $10 million at the time of initiation of this study. For instance, the Directory of Corporate Affiliations reports information on firms with revenues in excess of $10 million, and certain industry data which were required for computing IIT and LIT measures for classifying industries were available only for this time period. After elimination of firms with missing values, the final sample consisted of 367 firms, with 157 firms representing the global industry and 210 representing the multi-domestic industry.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Variable operationalization</head><p>In the broader literature of international business, there have been repeated calls for the usage of multidimensional measures of internationalization, as one dimension may not capture internationalization completely <ref type="bibr" coords="3,351.55,110.08,96.15,7.54" target="#b10">(Christophe and Lee, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,450.35,110.08,49.47,7.54" target="#b61">Sullivan, 1994)</ref>. A review of the literature indicated that a significant number of studies use percentage of foreign sales to total sales, which is referred to as foreign sales ratio (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.51,141.48,48.20,7.54" target="#b8">Buhner, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,361.25,141.48,42.90,7.54" target="#b23">Grant, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,406.68,141.48,62.45,7.54" target="#b24">Grant et al., 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,471.67,141.48,72.99,7.54" target="#b20">Geringer et al., 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,547.19,141.48,14.35,7.54;3,310.51,151.97,39.51,7.54" target="#b31">Kim et al., 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,352.10,151.97,46.03,7.54" target="#b11">Collins, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,400.22,151.97,73.81,7.54" target="#b62">Tallman and Li, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,476.17,151.97,85.39,7.54" target="#b9">Capar and Kotabe, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.51,162.40,48.65,7.54" target="#b18">Elango, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,362.44,162.40,51.36,7.54" target="#b64">Thomas, 2006)</ref>. A few of the studies use percentage of foreign assets to total assets, also known as foreign asset ratio <ref type="bibr" coords="3,518.18,172.89,43.38,7.54;3,310.51,183.32,48.46,7.54" target="#b12">(Daniels and Bracker, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,361.11,183.32,46.24,7.54" target="#b16">Elango, 2000)</ref>. Others have measured internationalization as international market diversification measure <ref type="bibr" coords="3,480.13,193.81,61.03,7.54" target="#b29">(Hitt et al., 1997)</ref> or as country depth captured by the number of subsidiaries an MNC has in a particular country as well as the number of countries in which a firm operates, which is referred to as country breadth <ref type="bibr" coords="3,480.47,225.16,77.42,7.54" target="#b63">(Tang and Tikoo, 1999)</ref>.</p><p>We believe each of the above variables measure important components of internationalization and capture different facets of internationalization <ref type="bibr" coords="3,384.15,256.57,98.47,7.54" target="#b48">(Petersen and Welch, 2002)</ref>. For instance, foreign sales ratio and foreign asset ratio capture the exposure to international markets in terms of sales and assets. However, these two commonly used measures do not capture the diversity of markets, number of countries, or level (depth) of involvement of a firm in a country. For these reasons there have been calls for the use of multidimensional measures of internationalization <ref type="bibr" coords="3,497.53,319.33,55.11,7.54" target="#b61">(Sullivan, 1994)</ref>.</p><p>One multidimensional alternative is the transnational index used in United Nations reports (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,441.30,340.25,58.84,7.54">UNCTAD, 2006)</ref>. This index is operationalized as the average of foreign sales ratio, foreign asset ratio and foreign employee ratio. However, this measure has been criticized in the literature for its shortcomings. First, it does not differentiate the spread of the operations by the multinational firm. Second, the inter-correlation between several items in the scale is below what would be considered an acceptable threshold (i.e., .35 and .39) for such scales (Ietto-Gillies, 1998).</p><p>We measure internationalization as a summation of foreign sales ratio, foreign asset ratio, international diversification, country breadth, and country depth. Since these items are expressed as ratios, the highest score a firm can potentially receive is 5. The logic of using linear combinations of single items is advanced by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,464.60,465.76,51.85,7.54" target="#b61">Sullivan (1994)</ref>, wherein he claims such combinations improve psychometric properties, as they reduce measurement error and confounds while allowing reliability of the scale to be estimated <ref type="bibr" coords="3,398.89,497.17,70.34,7.54" target="#b2">(Bagozzi et al., 1991)</ref>. The reliability coefficient (Cronbach's Alpha) for this was scale was .763, higher than .7 recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,382.62,518.10,63.20,7.54" target="#b47">Nunnally (1978)</ref> for internal consistency and comparable to Sullivan's study which has a reliability of .79.</p><p>The dependent variable strategic risk is measured as variance in ROA. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="3,376.38,549.45,75.91,7.54" target="#b7">Bromiley et al. (2001)</ref>, such variance measures have been used by the majority of studies on strategic risk. This practice of using variance measures to capture risk started with <ref type="bibr" coords="3,502.58,570.37,59.00,7.54" target="#b5">Bowman (1980)</ref> and has been subsequently practiced in many studies on risk <ref type="bibr" coords="3,527.30,580.86,34.29,7.54;3,310.51,591.29,20.44,7.54" target="#b26">(Jemison, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,335.57,591.29,100.82,7.54" target="#b4">Bettis and Mahajan, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,441.01,591.29,120.55,7.54" target="#b19">Fiegenbaum and Thomas 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.51,601.78,46.07,7.54" target="#b25">Jegers, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,359.55,601.78,75.18,7.54" target="#b22">Gooding et al., 1996)</ref>. We chose to focus on Return on Assets (ROA), as it is a commonly-used measure in many previous studies in the internationalization-performance literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,541.08,622.70,20.57,7.54;3,310.51,633.13,42.43,7.54" target="#b24">Grant et al., 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,355.69,633.13,58.94,7.54" target="#b29">Hitt et al., 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,417.37,633.13,69.14,7.54" target="#b47">Palich et al., 2000)</ref> and is of significant interest to managers and investors alike, being widely used to evaluate firm strategic performance. Additionally, because the study sample consists of manufacturing firms, this variable is of particular concern, as it focuses on the income stream of sunk investments made by the firm <ref type="bibr" coords="3,353.71,685.45,95.47,7.54" target="#b54">(Reuer and Leiblein, 2000)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.3.">Control variable selection</head><p>Based on past research, this study incorporates five firm-level control variables (firm size, firm growth rate, debt ratio, research intensity, and diversification) in the testing of the relationships. These five variables were selected based on previous research and need to be controlled for, as they have been commonly known to influence performance outcomes of internationalization (e.g., see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,239.64,371.15,45.18,7.54;4,33.73,381.58,29.62,7.54" target="#b62">Tallman and Li, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,65.02,381.58,55.76,7.54" target="#b29">Hitt et al., 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,122.45,381.58,79.52,7.54" target="#b39">Lu and Beamish, 2001)</ref>. Firm size is measured by the number of employees, as large firms can have scale or scope advantages (or disadvantages) over small firms <ref type="bibr" coords="4,217.19,402.50,67.59,7.54;4,33.73,412.99,15.86,7.54" target="#b70">(Wu and Shanley, 2009</ref>). Debt ratio is included in the models to control for the effect of financial leverage on risk. Correspondingly, firm growth rate is controlled for, as firms with higher growth rates are likely to have higher risk in the short run. Two other variables (research intensity and diversification) were included in the models, as they have been deemed critical in the international business literature in influencing outcomes of internationalization <ref type="bibr" coords="4,155.56,475.75,86.09,7.54" target="#b40">(Lu and Beamish, 2004)</ref>. Moreover, these two variables also represent major dimensions of firm strategy. Incorporation of these five control variables will allow for interpreting the study's findings with greater confidence. The operationalizations of these variables are based on previous research in the literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,33.73,528.02,52.01,7.54" target="#b17">Elango, 2005)</ref> or represent well-established ratios which need no elaboration and are presented in <ref type="table" coords="4,154.20,538.51,25.87,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> along with the data sources.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Discussion of results</head><p>The methodology employed in the testing of the hypotheses is the use of multiple regression models. Descriptive statistics of the variables used in the regression models, along with correlation values, are presented in <ref type="table" coords="4,363.97,267.00,24.87,7.54" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>. A review of the correlation tables indicates that the likelihood of multicollinearity issues influencing or biasing the results of the regression models used in this study is minimal. Additionally the independent variables used in the regression models were mean-centered to remove non-essential multicollinearity. <ref type="table" coords="4,301.72,319.33,27.18,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> presents the results of regression models (1-4) . The first model is the control model, while in the later models the internationalization, industry dummy, and interaction term (internationalization * industry dummy) are added sequentially. Incremental R-square and F values are presented in the case of each of the models (in the following pairwise comparisons: 1-2, 2-3, 3-4). In each of the comparisons the incremental R-squares were significant, supporting the rationale for the inclusion of the variables.</p><p>Model 1 served as a control model for this study (R-square = .081, p b .01). The major motivation for this model was to use it to capture the incremental effect of internationalization on risk in Model 2. While the five variables in the control model were selected based on previous research, two of them, research intensity and product diversification were significant, indicating the need for controlling these variables (beta = .266 and −.137, p = b0.1, respectively). These two variables act in opposite directions: research intensity increases the risk of the firm, and product diversification reduces the risk of the firm.</p><p>Model 2 adds the internationalization term to Model 1 (R-square=.112, pb .01). Internationalization is negatively related to risk (beta=−.176, Pb.01), indicating firms with international operations have less variance in returns, which is supportive of Hypothesis 1. Firms in the sample represent both multi-domestic and global industries. Model 3 adds the industry dummy to Model 2 variables to capture the influence of industry (R-square=.139, pb .01). The industry dummy loaded positively on risk (beta=.175, pb .01), indicating industry of the firm is a contributor to the underlying risk profile of a firm. In Model 4 the interaction term (internationalization*industry dummy) is added to the previous model, which loads negatively with risk (beta=−.242, pb .01). The results of   </p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="4,33.73,738.61,83.24,6.62">⁎⁎⁎ = p b .01, ⁎⁎ = p b .05.</formula><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="4,301.72,225.03,102.43,6.63">⁎⁎⁎ = p b .01, ⁎⁎ = p b .05, ⁎= p b .1.</formula><p>All the independent variables were mean centered in the regression models to remove non-essential multicollinearity. All beta values reflected standardized beta values.</p><p>Model 3 and Model 4 taken together support the hypothesis that firms in global industries incur greater benefits of risk reduction compared to firms in multi-domestic industries.</p><p>To better understand the benefits of this reduced risk, we plotted the relationship for internationalization, industry and risk, while holding other variables constant <ref type="figure" coords="5,159.59,287.92,23.57,7.54" target="#fig_0">(Fig. 1)</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="5,188.05,287.92,18.05,7.54" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1</ref> illustrates that there is a negative relationship between internationalization and risk across the two industries studied. While firms in both industries are benefited by reduced risk through internationalization, the incremental benefits of internationalization are much greater (indicated by the steeper slope) in the case of global industries. This finding is very much consistent with the two assertions made in the hypothesis section, wherein it was hypothesized that internationalization leads to risk reduction benefits; it also argued that incremental benefits would be higher in the case of firms in global industries compared to firms in multidomestic industries <ref type="table" coords="5,116.44,392.52,57.93,7.54" target="#tab_3">(Tables 4 and 5)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.">Robustness tests</head><p>To increase confidence in the study findings, we conducted two robustness tests. First, Model 4 from <ref type="table" coords="5,185.38,444.85,27.35,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> was replicated using industry-adjusted risk measures and is reported in <ref type="table" coords="5,236.58,455.28,25.72,7.54" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>. In this measure of risk, firm level ROA variance was divided by the three-digit SIC industry ROA variance to adjust for industry differences. The results of Model 5 (see <ref type="table" coords="5,97.51,486.69,24.11,7.54" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>) are very similar to those of Model 4 <ref type="table" coords="5,250.47,486.69,31.55,7.54" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref> for the variables of interest to this study. For instance, the beta loading in Model 4 (which used unadjusted risk numbers as the dependent variable) and Model 5 (which used industry-adjusted risk numbers as the dependent variable) for internationalization, industry dummy, and interaction term were <ref type="bibr" coords="5,140.82,538.89,152.83,7.97">−.198 vs. −.145, .284 vs .263, and −.242</ref> vs. −.297, respectively. However, to our surprise, product diversification, which contributed to reduction in risk (beta = −.137, p b .1: Model 4) turned non-significant with much lower beta loading (beta = −.033: Model 5). Second, we conducted split sample analysis, wherein we ran regression models separately for global and multi-domestic firms.</p><p>Model 6 pertains to firms in global industries and Model 7 pertains to firms in multi-domestic industries. Both of the regression models were significant (F values of 4.132, P b.01; and 5.912, P b.01, with adjusted R-square values of .142 and .149, respectively), but beta loadings indicate that the impact of these variables is quite different for firms in global and multi-domestic firms. While internationalization loaded negatively in the case of both industries, in the case of global industries the loading was higher compared to multi-domestic industries (beta= −.217 and −.140, p b .01). To confirm the expectation that the slopes across the models vary, we also conducted a Chow test. We found (F =3.2346, P b.01) that the independent variables have different effects for firms in global versus multi-domestic industries.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.">Limitations</head><p>Before proceeding to the final section of this paper, we wish to highlight this study's main limitations. The analysis presented in this study uses a limited set of control variables. For instance, it uses employees to control for firm size and it is quite possible that other industry dimensions (e.g., capital intensity, etc.) could also impact the study findings. The nature of the industry and its impact on internationalization is a topic of major interest within the IB literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,330.92,539.02,49.74,7.54" target="#b15">Elango, 1998)</ref> and cannot be covered adequately in one study, and additional studies are therefore needed in this regard. Other limitations include the usage of the single country sample and research design based on secondary data. Replication of this study's findings in varied country contexts, methodologies and time periods will alleviate these deficiencies. Finally, this study's paradigmatic focus has been on the notion of real options. A multinational firm's strategic choices and its outcomes is a dynamic, multidimensional, complex and iterative process and therefore global operations can be viewed in a multitude of perspectives (e.g., strategic flexibility, international diversification, etc.). Therefore, interpretation of the findings should be within the underlying parameters of this study. Despite these limitations, this study makes important contributions to the literature and has implications for theory and practice which are presented in the following section.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">Concluding comments</head><p>This study's primary goal was to understand the role of industry in the relationship between internationalization and strategic risk reduction.   Based on the notion of real options, two hypotheses were proposed and tested across a sample of 367 firms. Both of these hypotheses were supported and this study's finding makes two important contributions to the literature. First, this study uses a multidimensional measure of internationalization to validate the notion of risk reduction through international operations. Study findings are consistent with the logic of real options argued in this paper, as well as previous studies in the topic (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.53,131.06,53.67,7.54" target="#b31">Kim et al.,1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,106.55,131.06,86.39,7.54">Allan and Pantzalis,1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,194.23,131.06,86.88,7.54" target="#b63">and Tang and Tikoo, 1999)</ref>. Second, this study adds to the knowledge on this sub-topic by showing how this relationship varies across global and multi-domestic industries. Consistent with Hypothesis 2 of this study, we find firms in global industries gain greater benefits from internationalization than do firms in multi-domestic industries. While the articulation of the hypothesis section was based on the notion that firms in global industries have a greater number of options that are super-addictive as products are more standardized, other supportive reasons can also be offered as to why this may be the case. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,105.28,225.16,29.79,7.54" target="#b37">Li (2007)</ref>, drawing on management literature, points out organizational reasons why firms in multi-domestic industries may fail to optimize the benefits of risk reduction even when feasibility exists. This is due to the fact that subsidiaries of firms in multi-domestic industries are operated quite independently and hence have separate mandates compared to subsidiaries in global industries. Therefore, this local independence and autonomy could serve as a barrier, as it would discourage subsidiaries to cooperate when resources need to be shifted or transferred to other countries, even though it might be the optimal choice for the firm as a whole.</p><p>In closing, this study offers several implications for managerial practice and research. First, the study findings should be encouraging to firms seeking to reduce strategic risk. Firms are able to reduce risk by internationalizing operations, though the benefits of risk reduction are higher in global industries relative to multi-domestic industries. Through internationalization, firms in global industries may be able to offset some of the increased risk they incur due to their investments in research and development. Second, for researchers working in this area, this study uses a multidimensional measure of internationalization with desirable psychometric properties. While many have acknowledged the merits of using multidimensional measures of internationalization called for by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,155.34,444.85,53.88,7.54" target="#b61">Sullivan (1994)</ref>, this study is one of the few which has pursued such an option with five dimensions. Finally, for researchers working on the topic of risk reduction, a fruitful avenue of further research would be focusing on the specific firm and industry factors which influence the nature of the slopes across industries. Replication of this study's findings across varied countries and time settings, as well as different conceptualizations of risk (e.g., downside risk) would also serve to increase our understanding of this topic, which is of fundamental importance to managers.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,42.52,206.27,251.51,6.03;5,42.52,214.83,30.38,6.03"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Internationalization risk relationship across multi-domestic and global industries.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,33.73,58.07,251.59,263.08"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Variable definition and data sources.</figDesc><table coords="4,33.73,81.32,251.59,239.83">Variable 
Description/Data source 

Risk 
Variance (ROA) t = 1-3 
Internationalization Σ(Foreign Sales Ratio, Foreign Asset Ratio, International 
Diversification, Country Ratio, Country Depth) 
Foreign Sales Ratio = Foreign Sales/Total Sales. Source: 
WorldScope Database. 
Foreign Asset Ratio = Foreign Assets/Total Assets. Source: 
WorldScope Database 
International Diversification = 1 − ΣID i 
2 where ID represents the 

percentage of a firm subsidiaries across the five geographic 
regions of the world (North America, South America, Asia, Africa 
and Europe). Source: Directory of Corporate Affiliations. 
Country Breadth = Number of Countries/100. Source: Directory of 
Corporate Affiliations. 
Country Depth = Σ(N ij /d ij * Total Number of Subsidiaries) where, 
i = Number of Countries; j = Number of Subsidiaries; N ij = The 
number of subsidiaries in a country i ; d j = 2 if j is 5 or more; d j = 4 
if j is 4; d j = 8 if j is 3; d j = 16 if j is 2; and d j = 32 if j is 1. Source: 
Directory of Corporate Affiliations. 
Product 
diversification 

1 − Σp i 
2 (where p i represents the percentage of firm revenue 

generated on product line i). Source: WorldScope database. 
Source: WorldScope Database. 
Research intensity 
Research and development expenditures/Sales. Source: 
WorldScope Database. 
Sales growth 
Percentage change in firm size. Source: WorldScope Database. 
Debt ratio 
Debt/Assets held by the firm. Source: WorldScope Database. 
Firm size 
Number of employees. Source: WorldScope Database. 
Industry dummy 
Firms in global industries were dummy coded 1, 0 otherwise. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="4,33.73,640.20,519.05,92.00"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="4,33.73,648.81,519.05,83.38">Means, standard deviations and correlations (N = 367). 

Variables 
Mean 
Std. Dev. 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 

1. Sales growth 
10.26 
20.90 
1 
2. Research intensity 
4.29 
4.77 
.071 
1 
3. Firm size 
40,939 
439,685 
− .009 
.060 
1 
4. Debt ratio 
21.05 
16.11 
.023 
− .285(⁎⁎) 
− .013 
1 
5. Product diversification 
.28 
.23 
− .127(⁎) 
− .154(⁎⁎) 
.087 
.104(⁎) 
1 
6. Internationalization 
1.37 
.69 
− .001 
.097 
.119(⁎) 
.030 
.053 
1 
7. Risk 
21.06 
38.26 
.001 
.271(⁎⁎) 
− .041 
− .055 
− .174(⁎⁎) 
− .157(⁎⁎) 
1 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="4,301.72,58.07,251.50,160.23"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="4,301.72,66.63,251.50,151.67">Regression results between internationalization and risk (N = 367). 

Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 

Independent variables 
Sales growth 
− .037 
− .037 
− .044 
− .051 
Research intensity 
.266⁎⁎⁎ 
.286⁎⁎⁎ 
.269⁎⁎⁎ 
.267⁎⁎⁎ 
Firm size 
− .045 
− .026 
− .035 
− .023 
Debt ratio 
.035 
.045 
.068 
.063 
Product diversification 
− .137⁎⁎⁎ − .128⁎⁎⁎ − .132⁎⁎⁎ 
− .139⁎ 
Internationalization 
− .176⁎⁎⁎ − .168⁎⁎⁎ 
− .198⁎⁎⁎ 
Industry dummy 
.175⁎⁎⁎ 
.284⁎⁎⁎ 
Interaction term (Internationalization 
⁎Industry dummy) 

− .242⁎⁎ 

Adjusted R-square 
.081 
.112 
.139 
.167 
F value 
7.658⁎⁎⁎ 
8.661⁎⁎⁎ 9.441⁎⁎⁎ 
8.886⁎⁎⁎ 
Incremental R-square 
.031 
.027 
.028 
F value 
2.1752⁎⁎ 
2.4739⁎⁎⁎ 3.1465⁎⁎⁎ 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="5,42.52,588.83,251.55,156.15"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Regression results between internationalization and industry adjusted risk (N = 367).⁎⁎⁎ = p b .01, ⁎⁎ = p b .05, ⁎= p b .1.All the independent variables were mean centered in the regression models to remove non-essential multicollinearity. All beta values reflected standardized beta values.</figDesc><table coords="5,265.15,612.02,24.28,6.03">Model 5 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="5,310.51,58.07,251.51,173.33"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Regression results between internationalization and risk across global and multidomestic industries.⁎⁎⁎ = p b .01, ⁎⁎ = p b .05, ⁎= p b .1.All the independent variables were mean centered in the regression models to remove non-essential multicollinearity. All beta values reflected standardized beta values.</figDesc><table coords="5,310.51,89.88,251.47,111.31">Model 6 global industry 
(N = 157) 

Model 7 multi-domestic industry 
(N = 210) 

Independent variables 
Sales growth 
− .043 
− .045 
Research intensity 
.265⁎⁎⁎ 
.339⁎⁎⁎ 
Firm size 
− .021 
− .079 
Debt ratio 
.075 
.083 
Product 
diversification 

− .159⁎⁎ 
− .120⁎ 

Internationalization 
− .217⁎⁎⁎ 
− .140⁎⁎⁎ 
Adjusted R-square 
.142 
.149 
F value 
4.132⁎⁎⁎ 
5.912⁎⁎⁎ 
Chow test results 
3.2346⁎⁎⁎ 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,566.46,251.05,6.38;6,45.69,574.55,178.32,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Valuation of the operating flexibility of multinational corporations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Allan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Pantzalis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="633" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,582.48,251.04,6.03;6,45.69,590.48,147.69,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Real options: managing strategic investment in an uncertain world</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Amram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kulatilaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Harvard Business School Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boston</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,598.47,251.02,6.03;6,45.69,606.41,127.83,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing validity in organization research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bagozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Youjae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,614.40,251.00,6.03;6,45.69,622.34,208.71,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural and competitive determinants of a global integration strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Birkinshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hulland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="637" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,630.23,251.06,6.38;6,45.69,638.32,56.79,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk/return performance of diversified firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bettis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Mahajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="785" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,646.26,251.08,6.03;6,45.69,654.25,76.35,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A risk/return paradox for strategic management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bowman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sloan Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,662.19,251.01,6.03;6,45.69,670.19,161.60,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Investor benefits from corporate international diversification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brewer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="139" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,678.12,250.97,6.03;6,45.69,686.12,239.09,6.03;6,45.69,694.11,73.52,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Blackwell handbook of strategic management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bromiley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Rau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Hitt MA, Freeman RE, Harrison JS</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<pubPlace>Malden: Blackwell</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Risk in strategic management research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,702.05,251.11,6.03;6,45.69,710.04,110.37,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing international diversification of West German corporations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Buhner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,33.73,717.98,251.03,6.03;6,45.69,725.87,239.11,6.38;6,45.69,733.96,35.76,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship between international diversification and performance of service firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Capar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kotabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,56.48,250.97,6.03;6,313.68,64.47,174.94,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What matters about internationalization: a market-based assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Christophe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="636" to="679" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,72.31,251.04,6.38;6,313.68,80.40,239.04,6.03;6,313.68,88.34,57.47,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A market performance comparison of U.S. firms active in domestic, developed and developing countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,96.33,251.05,6.03;6,313.68,104.27,157.97,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Profit performance: do foreign operations make a difference?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Daniels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bracker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management International Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="46" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,112.26,251.01,6.03;6,313.68,120.26,34.80,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Investment under uncertainty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Dixit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Pindyck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,128.20,251.03,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Strategic management in multinational companies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Doz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>Pergamon Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,136.09,251.01,6.38;6,313.68,144.03,195.30,6.38" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of industry and firm drivers on the rate of internationalization of U.S. firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Elango</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="222" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,152.12,251.01,6.03;6,313.68,160.11,239.08,6.03;6,313.68,168.05,30.15,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An exploratory study into the linkages between corporate resources and the extent and form of internationalization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Elango</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">XVIII</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,176.04,251.05,6.03;6,313.68,183.88,223.22,6.38" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of plant characteristics on the entry mode choice of manufacturing firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Elango</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,191.97,251.07,6.03;6,313.68,199.87,237.27,6.38" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical analysis of the internationalization performance relationship across emerging market firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Elango</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multinational Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,207.91,251.06,6.03;6,313.68,215.91,217.41,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attitudes towards risk and the risk-return paradox: prospect theory explanations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fiegenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="106" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,223.84,251.12,6.03;6,313.68,231.84,239.14,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversification strategy and internationalization: implications of MNE performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Geringer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Beamish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Dacosta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="109" to="128" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,239.68,251.12,6.38;6,313.68,247.77,147.90,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sources of variation in firm profitability and growth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Goddard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tavakoli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jos</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="495" to="508" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,255.76,251.06,6.03;6,313.68,263.70,239.03,6.03;6,313.68,271.69,35.42,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fixed versus variable reference points in the riskreturn relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Gooding</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Goel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wiseman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,279.63,250.98,6.03;6,313.68,287.62,174.41,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multinationality and performance among British manufacturing companies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,295.62,251.03,6.03;6,313.68,303.55,239.05,6.03;6,313.68,311.55,62.58,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversity, diversification, and profitability among British manufacturing companies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Jammine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="771" to="801" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,319.48,250.99,6.03;6,313.68,327.48,156.72,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prospect theory and the risk-return relation: some Belgian evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jegers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="215" to="240" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,335.41,251.04,6.03;6,313.68,343.41,168.82,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk and the relationship among strategy, organizational processes, and performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Jemison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1087" to="101" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,351.40,251.01,6.03;6,313.68,359.34,151.07,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploiting globalization potential: U.S. and Japanese strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Johansson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Yip</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="579" to="601" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,367.33,251.08,6.03;6,313.68,375.27,58.27,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do you really have a global strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Hamel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Prahalad</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="187" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,383.26,251.04,6.03;6,313.68,391.16,239.05,6.38;6,313.68,399.19,58.13,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International diversification: effects on innovation and firm performance in product diversified firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hoskisson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="767" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,407.19,251.12,6.03;6,313.68,415.12,239.04,6.03;6,313.68,423.12,205.73,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Different conceptual frameworks for the assessment of the degree of internationalization: an empirical analysis of various indices for the top 100 transnational corporations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ietto-Gillies</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transnational Corporations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,431.05,251.10,6.03;6,313.68,439.05,145.29,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multinationals&apos; diversification and the risk-return tradeoff</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hwang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Burgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="275" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,446.94,251.10,6.38;6,313.68,454.98,92.28,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Designing global strategies: profiting from operational flexibility. Sloan Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kogut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,462.97,251.04,6.03;6,313.68,470.91,231.37,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foreign direct investment as a sequential process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kogut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The multinational corporations in the 1980s</title>
		<editor>Kindleberger CP, Audretsch DB</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boston</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>MIT press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,478.90,251.04,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A note on global strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kogut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="383" to="392" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,486.80,251.00,6.38;6,313.68,494.83,204.35,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Operating flexibility, global manufacturing and the option value of a multinational network</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kogut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kulatilaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="162" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,502.83,251.04,6.03;6,313.68,510.77,239.13,6.03;6,313.68,518.76,128.62,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multinational corporations vs. domestic corporations: international environmental factors and determinants of capital structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ccy</forename><surname>Kwok</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="217" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,526.75,251.03,6.03;6,313.68,534.69,202.61,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Real options theory and international strategy: a critical review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in strategic management</title>
		<editor>Tong WT, Reuer JJ</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,542.68,251.02,6.03;6,313.68,550.62,239.06,6.03;6,313.68,558.61,34.80,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Real options: taking stock and looking ahead</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>James</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Madhavan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mahoney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in strategic management</title>
		<editor>Tong WT, Reuer JJ</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,566.55,251.03,6.03;6,313.68,574.54,127.98,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The internationalization and performance of SMEs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Beamish</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6/7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="565" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,582.44,251.06,6.38;6,313.68,590.48,196.37,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International diversification and firm performance: the S-curve hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Beamish</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="598" to="609" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,598.47,251.06,6.03;6,313.68,606.41,239.07,6.03;6,313.68,614.40,56.00,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The structure-performance relationship in a transitional economy: an empirical study of multinational alliance in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,622.39,251.06,6.03;6,313.68,630.23,239.07,6.38;6,313.68,638.32,181.37,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring globalization of industries using a national industry approach: empirical evidence across five countries and over time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Makhija</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Williamson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="679" to="710" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,646.26,251.03,6.03;6,313.68,654.25,152.60,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A real options logic for initiating technology positioning investments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Mcgrath</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="974" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,662.19,251.03,6.03;6,313.68,670.18,199.89,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Real options as engines of choice and heterogeneity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Mcgrath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ferrier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mendelow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="86" to="101" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,678.18,251.02,6.03;6,313.68,686.11,58.72,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Strategies in global industries: how U.S. businesses compete. Westpoint: Quaron Books</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,694.11,251.05,6.03;6,313.68,702.04,55.49,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of corporate borrowing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Myers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,301.72,710.04,186.21,6.03;6,301.72,718.03,251.06,6.03;6,313.68,725.97,239.05,6.03;6,313.68,733.96,110.46,6.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of internalization on the diversificationperformance relationship: a replication and extension of prior research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Nunnally</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Palich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Carini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Seaman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Psychometric theory</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,56.49,251.02,6.03;7,54.48,64.48,143.57,6.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foreign operation mode combinations and internationalization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Petersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Welch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="157" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,72.42,177.89,6.03;7,42.52,80.41,251.06,6.03;7,54.48,88.35,190.76,6.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porter ME. Competition in global industries: a conceptual framework</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Porter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Competition in global industries</title>
		<editor>Porter ME</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York; Boston</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>HBS press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Competitive strategy</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,96.34,251.00,6.03;7,54.48,104.28,101.64,6.03" xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The multinational mission: balancing local demands and global vision</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Prahalad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Doz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<publisher>Free Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,112.27,251.05,6.03;7,54.48,120.17,162.79,6.38" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effect of multinationality measures upon the risk-return performance of US firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Qian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,128.11,251.02,6.38;7,54.48,136.20,57.02,6.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do multinationals operate flexibly</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rangan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="217" to="254" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,144.13,251.02,6.03;7,54.48,152.13,155.76,6.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Systematic risk of the multinational corporation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Reeb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ccy</forename><surname>Kwok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Baek</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,160.12,251.04,6.03;7,54.48,168.06,181.20,6.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Downside risk implications of multinationality and international joint ventures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reuer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Leiblein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="217" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,176.05,251.15,6.03;7,54.48,183.89,239.06,6.38;7,54.48,191.98,118.53,6.03" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How do real options matter? Empirical research on strategic investment and firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reuer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in strategic management</title>
		<editor>Tong WT, Reuer JJ</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,199.97,251.05,6.03;7,54.48,207.91,114.26,6.03" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multinationality as a determinant of earnings persistence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Riahi-Belkaoui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Alnajjar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Managerial Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="83" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,215.90,251.02,6.03;7,54.48,223.84,155.48,6.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foreign direct investment and investment under uncertainty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Rivoli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Salorio</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="335" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,231.83,251.13,6.03;7,54.48,239.77,222.37,6.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical analysis of the integration-responsiveness framework in global industries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Roth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="541" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,42.52,247.76,251.08,6.03;7,54.48,255.76,55.53,6.03" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Countering the biggest risk of all</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Slywotzky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Drzik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,56.48,250.99,6.03;7,322.47,64.47,143.63,6.03" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How interdependence affects subsidiary performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Subramaniam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="916" to="940" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,72.32,250.96,6.38;7,322.47,80.41,148.16,6.03" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring the degree of internationalization of a firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sullivan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="367" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,88.34,251.01,6.03;7,322.47,96.24,239.09,6.38;7,322.47,104.27,35.19,6.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of international diversity and product diversity on the performance of multinational firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tallman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,112.17,251.02,6.38;7,322.47,120.26,120.52,6.03" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Operational flexibility and market valuation of earnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tikoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="749" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,128.10,251.06,6.38;7,322.47,136.19,213.44,6.03" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International diversification and firm performance in Mexican firms: a curvilinear relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="501" to="508" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,144.13,251.08,6.03;7,322.47,152.12,190.03,6.03" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Real options in strategic management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reuer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in strategic management</title>
		<editor>Tong WT, Reuer JJ</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,160.11,251.13,6.03;7,322.47,168.05,238.55,6.03" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Real options in multinational corporations: organizational challenges and risk implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reuer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="215" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,175.95,251.03,6.38;7,322.47,183.98,97.10,6.03" xml:id="b67">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Real options: managerial flexibility and strategy in resource allocation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Trigeorgis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,191.98,251.06,6.03;7,322.47,199.97,207.66,6.03" xml:id="b68">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">UNCTAD. FDI from developing and transition economies: implications for development. World Investment Report</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York and Geneva; United Nation</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,207.91,251.12,6.03;7,322.47,215.90,239.07,6.03;7,322.47,223.84,85.08,6.03" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Non-additivity in portfolios of expansion options: a realoptions based analysis of equity alliances in biotechnology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Vassolo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Anand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Folta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1045" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,231.84,251.01,6.03;7,322.47,239.77,239.10,6.03;7,322.47,247.77,34.15,6.03" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge stock, exploration, and innovation: research on the United States electromedical device industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Shanley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="474" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
