<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">What Coping Tells about Personality</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fay</forename><forename type="middle">C M</forename><surname>Geisler</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Greifswald</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Monika</forename><surname>Wiedig-Allison</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Greifswald</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hannelore</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Greifswald</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">What Coping Tells about Personality</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:01+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>coping</term>
					<term>personality</term>
					<term>personality judgments</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In this study, 123 participants (non-psychology students) who responded to an interpersonal stress situation staged in the laboratory were judged by unacquainted observers in terms of the Big Five dimensions, intelligence and social attractiveness. Coping behaviour appeared to predict personality impressions in a way that mirrors the relations between personality and coping observed in previous research: Overall, higher levels of Extraversion (E), Agreeableness (A), Conscientiousness (C) and Openness to experience (O) (as well as intelligence and social attractiveness) were predicted by problem-focussed behaviour and cognitive restructuring, whereas higher levels of Neuroticism (N) were predicted by withdrawal/passivity. The interpersonal impact of the particular coping reactions, as indicated by a positive personality impression, were largely inconsistent with their impact on affect following the stress induction.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Over the past two decades, the relationship between personality and coping has regained strong research attention. A large body of evidence attests to direct or indirect relations between personality and coping (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,195.30,471.79,113.16,8.76" target="#b5">Bolger &amp; Zuckerman, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.90,471.79,93.65,8.76;1,45.92,483.75,98.98,8.76" target="#b11">Bouchard, Guillemette, &amp; Landry-Léger, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,150.24,483.75,90.47,8.76" target="#b17">David &amp; Suls, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,246.05,483.75,127.89,8.76" target="#b18">DeLongis &amp; Holtzman, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,379.33,483.75,25.21,8.76;1,45.92,495.65,130.16,8.76" target="#b25">Knoll, Rieckmann, &amp; Schwarzer, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,178.47,495.65,164.68,8.76" target="#b31">Lee-Baggley, Preece, &amp; DeLongis, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,345.54,495.65,59.03,8.76;1,45.92,507.62,56.40,8.76" target="#b37">Suls, David, &amp; Harvey, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,104.94,507.62,104.21,8.76" target="#b44">Watson &amp; Hubbard, 1996)</ref>. Recently, a meta-analysis documented small to moderate associations between personality (as indicated by the Big Five dimensions) and the differential use of coping strategies <ref type="bibr" coords="1,203.53,531.54,141.01,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>. By and large, the results show that Extraversion (E), Openness to experience (O), Conscientiousness (C) and-to a smaller extent-Agreeableness (A) were positively associated with coping strategies that were classified as primary and secondary control, in particular problem solving and cognitive restructuring. In contrast, Neuroticism (N) was positively related to coping behaviours that were classified as disengagement, especially withdrawal and wishful thinking, and to negative emotion focus. Overall, the strongest associations were found for E, N and C, with the highest mean effect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,265.72,76.71,33.46,9.62">(r ¼ .41)</ref> found for the relation between N and negative emotion focus.</p><p>With the relations between personality and coping behaviour firmly established, the question arises whether personality can also be inferred from coping behaviour-that is whether coping behaviour is diagnostic of personality. This question can be seen as a special application of the more fundamental question to what extent lay perceivers use behavioural signs that are associated with certain traits to infer the presence of these traits in others <ref type="bibr" coords="2,104.71,160.94,113.12,8.76" target="#b7">(Borkenau &amp; Liebler, 1992</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,254.49,160.94,98.43,8.76" target="#b22">Funder &amp; Sneed, 1993)</ref>. In our present research, we take up this perspective and examine whether personality impressions that observers-lay persons-form from observing persons cope with an aversive situation correspond to the associations between personality and coping documented in the research literature. Such a correspondence would reflect a robust link between personality and coping that goes beyond the scientific evidence for trait-based interindividual differences in coping choice. It would suggest a high consensus between scientific and social knowledge concerning the links between personality and coping. Observers are likely to rely on this social knowledge when they infer traits from (unfamiliar) persons' behaviour, either intentionally or automatically <ref type="bibr" coords="2,213.05,268.54,152.86,8.76" target="#b41">(Uleman, Saribay, &amp; Gonzalez, 2008)</ref>.</p><p>In the present research, unacquainted observers judged participants who responded to an interpersonal stress situation staged in the laboratory in terms of the Big Five dimensions, intelligence and social attractiveness. With this design, we used the methodological advantages offered by laboratory stressors (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,253.53,316.33,137.61,8.76" target="#b16">Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>. In our study, all participants were confronted with a standardized stressor that-though standardized-allowed for individual differences in spontaneous coping reactions. Most importantly, in the laboratory setting, we were able to examine the extent to which copingbased personality judgments could be predicted from two different perspectives, namely self-reports and observer ratings of the participants' coping behaviour. To ensure independent observer ratings, we used two different observer groups for the personality ratings and the ratings of the participants' coping behaviour. To distinguish between these two different data sources, in the following we will refer to the first group as 'Personality Observer Group' (POG) and to the second group as 'Coping Observer Group' (COG).</p><p>We assumed that the interpersonal stress episode staged in the laboratory provided judges with a brief, but meaningful and coherent sample of the targets' coping behaviour. Results from the 'thin slices of behaviour' research tradition suggest that trait impressions inferred from brief excerpts of behaviour will be especially valid when the slices are meaningful and relevant for the variables to be judged <ref type="bibr" coords="2,289.30,483.69,132.45,8.76;2,63.16,495.65,21.44,8.76" target="#b1">(Ambady, Bernieri, &amp; Richeson, 2000)</ref>. In our case, the validity of the personality judgments was measured against two criteria: First, and most relevant to the aim of our present study, the coping-based lay assessments of the targets' personality were compared with the associations between personality and coping documented in the research literature. The respective participants' self-ratings of their personality served as a second criterion.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>THE PRESENT RESEARCH</head><p>Our present study was guided by two major aims. First, we wanted to examine whether coping behaviour could predict personality impressions in a way that mirrors the observed relationships between personality and coping. Second, we compared the interpersonal impact of coping, as indicated by a favourable personality impression, with the affective impact of the particular coping reactions, as indicated by their associations with changes in affect following the stress induction.</p><p>In the first part of the present study, participants were treated unfairly in the laboratory; a confederate experimenter (falsely) accused them of having caused the breakdown of a computerized task they were asked to complete. This was part of a larger study testing sex differences in anger-related behaviour (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,216.79,137.02,122.13,8.76" target="#b48">Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007</ref>, which presents results unrelated to those reported here). The participants' responses to the provocation were assessed from two different perspectives-self-reports and observer ratings of the participants' behaviour based on video clips.</p><p>Self-reports and observer ratings of the participants' coping reactions (COG) were measured via six dimensions that represent basic strategies in coping with interpersonal anger-eliciting situations <ref type="bibr" coords="3,148.99,208.73,215.48,8.76" target="#b28">(Kubiak, Wiedig-Allison, Zgoriecki, &amp; Weber, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,367.65,208.73,36.92,8.76;3,45.92,220.69,90.98,8.76" target="#b48">Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,140.77,220.69,169.02,8.76" target="#b49">Weber, Wiedig, Freyer, &amp; Gralher, 2004)</ref>, including non-hostile feedback, humour, distancing, rumination, submission and venting anger. In terms of higher order coping categories <ref type="bibr" coords="3,168.43,244.62,141.15,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,311.64,244.62,92.83,8.76;3,45.92,256.58,84.26,8.76" target="#b36">Skinner, Edge, Altman, &amp; Sherwood, 2003)</ref>, these coping reactions can be classified as problem solving (feedback), cognitive restructuring (humour and distancing), passive behaviour or withdrawal (submission) and negative emotion focus (venting anger and rumination). On the basis of these higher order coping dimensions, we were able to compare our findings that relate to a specific stress-situation with the corresponding findings for the relations between personality and coping.</p><p>In addition to the participants' self-reports of their coping behaviour that are typically used in studies on personality and coping (for an overview see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,291.57,340.26,113.01,8.76;3,45.92,352.22,21.44,8.76" target="#b16">Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>, we obtained observer ratings of the participants' reactions (COG). Two reasons led us to include observer ratings. First, we assumed that observer ratings of the targets' coping behaviour provided the corresponding measure for personality judgments inferred from coping behaviour (provided by POG), as the two data sources share the same-outsideperspective. Second, given the notorious biases of self-reports, we were interested in adding a different data source.</p><p>In the second part of the present study, independent judges (POG) who were unacquainted with the participants were presented with video clips depicting the provocation and the participants' responses, and were asked to judge the participants in terms of the Big Five dimensions, intelligence and social attractiveness. We included social attractiveness as a direct measure of how positively the participants were perceived. Based on the assumption that the personality judgments inferred from coping behaviour mirror the relations between personality and coping documented in the literature <ref type="bibr" coords="3,344.18,495.65,60.37,8.76;3,45.92,507.61,77.86,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>, we predicted that participants who were more likely to respond to the provocation in a problem-oriented way and by way of cognitive restructuring (i.e. giving non-hostile feedback, humour and distancing) would receive higher ratings for E, C and O (as well as intelligence and social attractiveness), and lower ratings for N. In contrast, we expected that those who were more likely to show negative emotion focussed responses and passive behaviour (i.e. venting anger and submission) would receive higher scores in N. A lower tendency for venting anger and a higher tendency for submission should be related to higher levels of A. Our predictions were unspecific to the data source used for assessing the participants' coping behaviour. Due to a lack of comparable studies, we had no specific hypotheses concerning possible differences in predicting coping-based personality judgments using self-reports versus observer ratings.</p><p>One of the primary aims of our present study pertains to the social consequences of coping implicated in the personality impressions inferred from coping behaviour. Given that, trait poles such as low versus high C differ in the extent to which they are socially desirable (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,121.04,101.13,85.99,8.76" target="#b24">John &amp; Robins, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,209.03,101.13,133.69,8.76" target="#b33">Paulhus, Bruce, &amp; Trapnell, 1995)</ref>, lay assessments of personality based on coping behaviour may bear clear evaluative implications. For example, it seems plausible to assume that coping behaviour that is interpreted as signaling an emotionally stable, agreeable and conscientious person is greatly beneficial to the targets' social functioning, mainly because such an impression signals reliability and mastery to some extent, which is highly relevant in many social contexts. Consequently, conveying a positively valued personality when coping with stressful situations likely enhances social acceptance and interpersonal attraction <ref type="bibr" coords="4,283.91,184.81,137.90,8.76" target="#b19">(Dunkel-Schetter &amp; Skokan, 1990;</ref>.</p><p>While the focus of the present research was on the social consequences of coping, we included changes in positive and negative affect following the stress induction as a second outcome variable. In research on stress and coping, change in affect (and thus psychological well-being) is the typical criterion used to evaluate the effectiveness of coping behaviour. This empirical focus on affect notwithstanding, coping is generally thought to serve multiple purposes, including maintaining mental and physical health, and social functioning (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,158.00,280.45,106.43,8.76" target="#b30">Lazarus &amp; Folkman, 1984)</ref>. With the two different outcomes used in the present study, we were able to address the multifunctionality of coping and to compare the social impact of the coping reactions with their possible impact on (shortterm) subjective well-being. Based on previous research, we assumed that the effectiveness of coping reactions may vary with the specific outcome (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,303.53,328.30,118.28,8.76" target="#b18">DeLongis &amp; Holtzman, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,63.16,340.26,91.40,8.76" target="#b38">Suls &amp; Fletcher, 1985)</ref>, but we made no specific predictions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHOD Participants</head><p>Participants were 157 students (non-psychology) at the University of Greifswald, who took part in a larger study on sex differences in anger-related behaviour, results of which have been reported elsewhere <ref type="bibr" coords="4,166.17,441.85,133.98,8.76" target="#b48">(Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>. They received 20 Euros for participation. We excluded the data of 34 participants who indicated during debriefing that they had been suspicious of the purported goals of the study or had previously heard about the study, leaving a final sample of 123 participants (60 women, 63 men; mean age ¼ 22.9 years, SD ¼ 3.0). 1 Procedure Participants were recruited by means of flyers distributed on the University campus. Those interested in participating were told that the aim of the research was to study the relationship between personality and concentration skills and that it consists of two parts: <ref type="bibr" coords="4,63.16,581.90,2.99,4.67">1</ref> We excluded all participants from analyses who reported during debriefing that they had been suspicious of the purported goals of the study. However, viewing the videos showing these participants' reactions to the provocation made us suspicious of the reported suspiciousness in at least half of the cases. We suspected that in these cases, the self-reported suspiciousness might reflect the intention to present oneself during debriefing as a person who cannot be tricked. Nevertheless, we accepted the participants' self-reported suspiciousness, leading to a comparatively high exclusion of potential participants. completing a set of questionnaires at home and participating in a laboratory test. After giving their consent, the participants were given a set of questionnaires measuring various personality traits such as the Big Five dimensions, as well as habitual anger-related reactions. The data on habitual anger-related reactions are reported elsewhere <ref type="bibr" coords="5,364.36,101.13,40.21,8.76;5,45.92,113.09,89.93,8.76" target="#b48">(Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>. The participants were asked to return the questionnaires when attending the scheduled laboratory session.</p><p>The laboratory session was scheduled approximately 1 week later. The participants were randomly assigned to a same-sex or opposite-sex experimenter (role-played by two senior psychology students). At the beginning of the study, the experimenter reminded the participants that the study was about personality and concentration skills. The participants were then informed that they would work on two tasks that measured attention and concentration. They were also told that they would be videotaped while they performed the tests to monitor their blink rate and gestures during task fulfilment. After giving their consent to the video recording, a paper-and-pencil test measuring concentration was administered to lend credence to the cover story. Subsequently, the participants completed a self-report measure of baseline positive and negative affect.</p><p>In the subsequent anger-induction phase, the participants worked on a computerized version of the Stroop test <ref type="bibr" coords="5,150.12,268.54,55.80,8.76" target="#b23">(Glaser, 1991)</ref>. The test required the participants to indicate, as quickly as possible, the colour in which a colour word is printed on the screen, by pressing one of three keys marked red, blue and green. To produce the typical Stroop-interference, the colour words were printed in a colour incongruent with the semantic content of the word. The participants were carefully instructed to use only the three coloured keys and to press no other key on the keyboard.</p><p>The Stroop test was manipulated to break down after 5 minutes of perfect functioning. 2 As soon as this happened, the experimenter accused the participant of having pressed the 'Enter' key, thereby causing the breakdown of the computer program. In addition, the experimenter commented in a brusque and condescending manner that the task should have been easy enough, implying that the participant failed on something trivial. After pretending to attempt a restart of the program (which failed), the experimenter announced that due to the participant's fault, the data were useless. Therefore, the participant would not receive the promised reward. Subsequently, the participants completed several questionnaires, including measures of state positive and negative affect, and a questionnaire asking for their reactions towards the experimenter.</p><p>After they had completed the questionnaires, the participants were debriefed about the true nature of the study and were offered the possibility to withdraw their data (no one accepted). Thereafter, they were thanked for their participation, received the 20 Euros, and were asked to sign a written permission to use the videotapes for further analyses. Finally, they were asked whether, at any point during the experiment, they had had doubts concerning the true purpose of the study or had heard about it before.</p><p>The experimenters were carefully trained and supervised in the enactment of the provocative behaviour using video feedback. To verify that the provocation had the intended effect, videos of the experimenters' behaviour was judged by a group of independent observers. These manipulation checks showed that (a) the experimenters' behaviour was perceived as unfair, anger-eliciting, unfriendly, unjust and inappropriate, and that (b) these ratings did not differ as a function of sex of participant and sex of experimenter <ref type="bibr" coords="6,119.28,77.26,133.02,8.76" target="#b48">(Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MEASURES: SELF-RATINGS</head><p>The Big Five dimensions were measured with a German translation of the 10-item short version of the Big Five Inventory (BFI-10), in which each dimension is assessed by two items, representing both the high and low pole of the corresponding dimensions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,63.16,184.81,109.77,8.76" target="#b34">(Rammstedt &amp; John, 2007)</ref>. The items had a response format ranging from 1 (disagree strongly) to 5 (agree strongly). Prior research <ref type="bibr" coords="6,248.99,196.77,109.98,8.76" target="#b34">(Rammstedt &amp; John, 2007)</ref> has shown that the BFI-10 is marked by high retest-reliability, high convergent validity and high external validity using peer ratings. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,172.18,218.47,3.74,5.84">3</ref> Pre-and post-provocation positive and negative affect was assessed by the German adaptation <ref type="bibr" coords="6,108.96,244.62,190.03,8.76" target="#b26">(Krohne, Egloff, Kohlmann, &amp; Tausch, 1996)</ref> of the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule <ref type="bibr" coords="6,126.31,256.58,133.92,8.76" target="#b43">(Watson, Clark, &amp; Tellegen, 1988)</ref>. On 10 items for positive affect (PA) and 10 items for negative affect (NA), participants indicated on a 5-point scale ranging from 0 (only a bit or not at all) to 4 (extremely) how they felt right now. Cronbach's a for PA was .85 (pre) and .89 (post); for NA .61 (pre-) and .90 (post).</p><p>Coping reactions were assessed with a situation-specific version of the Anger-Related Reactions and Goals Inventory (ARGI). The ARGI measures six rationally derived, conceptually distinct dispositional anger-related reactions and six rationally derived, conceptually distinct dispositional anger-related goals focussing on interpersonal situations <ref type="bibr" coords="6,106.41,352.22,89.62,8.76" target="#b28">(Kubiak et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,200.97,352.22,81.65,8.76" target="#b49">Weber et al., 2004)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,286.98,350.00,3.74,5.84">4</ref> In the situated version of the ARGI used in the present study, the participants indicated on a 4-point scale from 1 (not at all) to 4 (completely) how they responded to the behaviour of the experimenter after the computer broke down. Each subscale consists of four items (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,319.01,388.05,102.71,8.76;6,63.16,400.01,21.44,8.76" target="#b48">Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>. The subscales include Venting (e.g. 'I flared up'), Submission (e.g. 'I gave in to avoid arguing'), Feedback (e.g. 'I told the experimenter what I disagreed with in a calm but clear way'), Distancing (e.g. 'I did not take much notice of it'), Rumination (e.g. 'I could not stop thinking about the experimenter's behaviour and what made me angry') and Humour (e.g. 'I looked at the funny side'). Scale scores were computed by adding up the four items per scale.</p><p>In the present sample, the reliabilities of the ARGI-subscales were sufficient to good, with Cronbach's a coefficients ranging from .66 for distancing to .90 for humour (for details, see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,111.51,495.65,130.13,8.76" target="#b48">Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>. The intercorrelations among the subscales were small to moderate; the largest correlations were found for humour and distancing (r ¼ .57, p &lt; .01), and for rumination and distancing (r ¼ À.51, p &lt; .01). Men and women differed only in distancing, with men reporting distancing to a significantly higher extent. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,63.16,554.97,2.99,4.67">3</ref> The correlations between the two items representing one dimension (after reverse-scoring the low pole item) were r ¼ .31, p &lt; .01 (N); r ¼ .62, p &lt; .01 (E); r ¼ .43, p &lt; .01 (O); r ¼ .29, p &lt; .01 (C) and r ¼ .05, p ¼ .58 (A). Given that the two items for each Big Five dimension were selected to cover a broad bandwidth for each dimension and to measure core aspects of a dimension, while being not highly redundant in content <ref type="bibr" coords="6,322.29,583.66,84.62,7.01" target="#b34">(Rammstedt &amp; John, 2007)</ref>, the small to moderate correlations are consistent with the rationale for constructing the BFI. As reported by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,63.15,601.63,90.73,7.01" target="#b34">Rammstedt and John (2007)</ref>, the reliability of the BFI was confirmed by substantial test-retest stability. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,63.16,608.77,2.99,4.67">4</ref> The goals measured by the ARGI reflect the objectives that people pursue when responding to anger-eliciting interpersonal events (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,142.30,619.54,60.70,7.01" target="#b28">Kubiak et al., 2008)</ref>. In the present report, only the anger-related reaction subscales of the ARGI were used, since the study focussed on observable behaviour rather than intentions. The video clips showing the interaction between participant and experimenter were rated by 30 observers (15 male and 15 female psychology students) who were unaware of the study's goals and not acquainted with any of the participants. The participants' behaviour was shown from the moment the program broke down and the experimenter started to accuse the participant until the end of the participant's response to the experimenter's announcement that the promised reward (20 Euros) would be withheld. The raters used an observer version of the situational form of the ARGI scales, in which the items were rephrased in the third person (e.g. 'He <ref type="bibr" coords="7,262.20,190.82,19.99,8.76">[she]</ref> told the experimenter what he [she] disagreed with in a calm but clear way'). Again, the response format ranged from 1 (not at all) to 4 (completely). Observer ratings were restricted to the five reaction subscales that could be judged on the basis of verbal and/or non-verbal behavioural signs: feedback, humour, distancing, venting and submission. The subscale rumination was omitted, because rumination is difficult to infer from observable behaviour, particularly if the observation period is short. In four sessions, each rater watched 41 videotapes and each participant was rated independently by 10 observers (five men and five women). Scores for the five reaction subscales were computed by averaging the observers' ratings.</p><p>The reliability (interrater agreement) of the observer ratings, estimated on the basis of a random subset of 41 videos rated by 10 independent observers, was high, with values (Cronbach's a) ranging from .86 to .92. The intercorrelations among the observer-based reaction scales were small to moderate; the largest correlations were found for venting and distancing (r ¼ À.68, p &lt; .01), and for humour and distancing (r ¼ .60, p &lt; .01). Men received significantly higher ratings on humour and distancing than women, whereas women received higher ratings than men on venting. Self-and observer ratings of participants' reactions correlated weakly to moderately, with correlations ranging from r ¼ .22, p &lt; .05 (feedback) to r ¼ .36, p &lt; .01 (submission) (for details see <ref type="bibr" coords="7,275.78,394.06,124.57,8.76" target="#b48">Weber &amp; Wiedig-Allison, 2007)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Observer judgments of personality (POG)</head><p>In 10 sessions, four paid judges (non-psychology students, two men and two women) who were unacquainted with the first part of the study independently rated the 123 participants. The judgments of the participants' personality were based on the same video clips used for the observer ratings of the coping reactions.</p><p>Personality (Big Five dimensions) and intelligence were rated on bipolar 5-point rating scales with adjective pairs as anchors. All adjective pairs were adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="7,363.17,507.61,41.37,8.76;7,45.92,519.58,201.10,8.76" target="#b10">Borkenau, Mauer, Riemann, Spinath, and Angleitner (2004)</ref>. The Big Five dimensions as well as intelligence were each measured by four adjective pairs. Social attractiveness was measured by six items assessing interest in interacting with the participant on six different occasions, such as working on a project together or going to a party together. The items were rated on a 7-point scale, with the anchors 1 'definitely no' and 7 'definitely yes.' The scores on the six items were averaged to create one scale. The ratings of the four judges were averaged to form one score on each item. Internal consistencies (Cronbach's a) of the seven scales ranged from .80 for neuroticism to .96 for openness and social attractiveness (see <ref type="table" coords="7,65.36,615.22,29.05,8.76">Table 2</ref>). <ref type="table" coords="7,55.89,627.18,30.44,8.76" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref> provides an overview of the study design and the measures used. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Preliminary analyses</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Manipulation check</head><p>To verify that the provocation had the intended effect on affect, t-tests were conducted to test changes in pre-versus post-induction affect. As expected, results showed a significant increase in NA (pre: Personality judgments and participants' self-reports of their personality Self-and observer ratings (POG) of the Big Five dimensions correlated significantly for E (r ¼ .29, p &lt; .01), N (r ¼ .23, p &lt; .05) and C (r ¼ .19, p &lt; .05), respectively, which is largely in line with results of previous studies on the accuracy of personality judgments based on short observations of single-task behaviour <ref type="bibr" coords="8,271.21,467.76,109.75,8.76" target="#b8">(Borkenau &amp; Liebler, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,382.89,467.76,38.88,8.76" target="#b6">Borkenau</ref>   <ref type="bibr" coords="9,64.34,65.30,26.50,8.76">, 2004)</ref>. Self-ratings of O (r ¼ .17, p &gt; .05) and A (r ¼ .12, p &gt; .05) were positively, but not significantly related to the corresponding observer ratings. Overall, these findings corroborate the validity of judgments based on 'thin slices' of behaviour exhibited by persons unacquainted with the respective observers <ref type="bibr" coords="9,258.29,101.13,88.74,8.76" target="#b1">(Ambady et al., 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Coping reactions and personality judgments <ref type="table" coords="9,45.92,143.48,32.42,8.76">Table 2</ref> shows descriptive statistics for and intercorrelations among the personality judgments (POG). The judgments on the Big Five scales were in part strongly correlated, which is consistent with findings indicating that the correlations among the Big Five dimensions are stronger as the personal distance between target and judges grow <ref type="bibr" coords="9,371.96,179.36,32.61,8.76;9,45.92,191.33,68.46,8.76">(Beer &amp; Watson, 2008a,b)</ref>. Intelligence and social attractiveness were strongly associated with the Big Five dimensions (keyed in the socially desirable direction), in particular with A, O and C. Hierarchical regression analyses were conducted to test the unique contribution of each reaction to explain observer judgments of the Big Five dimensions, intelligence and social attractiveness. In a first series of analyses, we used observer ratings of coping reactions (COG) to test the effect of the particular reactions on personality judgments. In these analyses, sex of participant and all observer-rated reactions except for the target reaction were entered in the first step and the target reaction in the second step 5 (see <ref type="table" coords="9,350.87,286.97,28.32,8.76" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>). The results revealed that the strongest unique prediction of the personality judgments was found for feedback: over and above the other reactions, feedback predicted judgments of higher levels of E, O, A, C, intelligence and social attractiveness, as well as lower levels of N. In contrast, submission significantly predicted judgments of lower levels of E, O and intelligence, as well as higher levels of N. Contrary to our expectation, submission did not predict higher levels of A. Distancing contributed uniquely to the prediction of lower levels of N; humour to higher levels of E and venting to lower levels of A (but not, as was expected, to higher levels of N).</p><p>Replicating the analyses with the participants' self-reports of their coping reactions led to a somewhat different pattern of results (see <ref type="table" coords="9,226.66,406.53,27.83,8.76" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref>, see also Footnote 5). For venting and submission, the findings were highly similar to that obtained for the observer ratings. By and large, this was also true for feedback, but here the self-ratings (uniquely predicting higher levels of C, intelligence and social attractiveness) appeared to be less strongly predictive of a favourable personality impression than were the observer ratings. Differences between self-and observer ratings were most pronounced for distancing and humour: Other than for the observer ratings, self-rated distancing predicted lower levels of C and intelligence, and appeared to be unrelated to N. Self-rated humour was more strongly 5 All analyses on predicting personality judgments and changes in affect were repeated without entering sex in Step 1, leading to the same results, except for the regression of observer-rated distancing on positive affect,</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="9,45.92,519.14,358.69,17.97">DR 2 ¼ .01, F(1, 116) ¼ 3.40, p ¼ .07, b ¼ .21, p ¼ .07.</formula><p>In additional analyses, all hierarchical regression analyses on predicting personality judgments and changes in affect were conducted separately for the male and female sample. No significant differences between the male and female sample were found for the regression of observer-rated reaction scales on personality and affect. Differences were only found for the association of self-rated venting and humour with affect: in the male sample venting was positively associated with negative affect, DR 2 ¼ .14, F(1, 55) ¼ 19.40, p &lt; .01, b ¼ .39, whereas in the female sample venting was positively associated with positive affect, DR 2 ¼ .05, F(1, 52) ¼ 7.99, p &lt; .01, b ¼ .25. In the male sample humour was negatively associated with negative affect and positively associated with positive affect, DR 2 ¼ .11, F(1, 55) ¼ 17.99, p &lt; .01, b ¼ .44 and DR 2 ¼ .06, F(1, 53) ¼ 7.58, p &lt; .01, b ¼ À.32, respectively, whereas in the female sample humour was not significantly associated with either positive or negative affect, DR 2 ¼ .01, F(1, 52) ¼ .95, p ¼ .33, b ¼ À.10 and DR 2 ¼ .01, F(1, 52) ¼ .75, p ¼ .39, b ¼ .12, respectively. predictive of a positive personality impression than other-rated humour, contributing uniquely to higher levels of C, O, intelligence and social attractiveness. 6 As indicated by the variance explained, personality judgments were more strongly associated with the observer-rated coping behaviours than the self-rated coping behaviours. This may be explained by shared method variance between the observer ratings that favours the predictions made by the observers.</p><p>The correlations between the participants' self-ratings of their personality and self-rated coping showed significant negative correlations between N and feedback (r ¼ À.20, p &lt; .05), and between N and distancing (r ¼ À.22, p &lt; .05); a significant positive correlation was obtained for N and rumination (r ¼ .36, p &lt; .01). Negative correlations were found between A and venting (r ¼ À.28, p &lt; .01) and between O and venting (r ¼ À.18, p &lt; .05). Overall, these correlations were in line with previous research <ref type="bibr" coords="10,63.16,567.37,147.02,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>. However, compared to the previous findings, no significant relations were obtained for E and C, which may be due to the brief self-report Big Five measure used in this study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Coping reactions and affect</head><p>In a first series of analyses we used self-reported coping reactions to predict changes in affect following the stress induction, because they provide the measure that is typically used for examining the affective consequences or correlates of coping. To determine the unique effect of the particular reactions on post-provocation affect, we conducted hierarchical regression analyses in which sex of participant, pre-provocation affect and all scales except the target reaction scale were entered in Step 1, and the target reaction scale was entered in Step 2 5 . <ref type="table" coords="11,138.27,579.39,29.25,8.76" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref> presents the results. The findings revealed a unique positive effect of humour and distancing on post-provocation PA. Rumination and venting had a unique positive effect on post-provocation NA. Feedback and submission had no unique effects on affect. These results are largely consistent with previous findings for angerrelated reactions <ref type="bibr" coords="11,116.11,627.18,84.86,8.76" target="#b28">(Kubiak et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,204.32,627.18,138.53,8.76" target="#b35">Rusting &amp; Nolen-Hoeksema, 1998</ref>). The above described analyses were repeated using observer ratings (COG) of the participants' reactions. These analyses led to a partly different pattern of results (see <ref type="table" coords="12,63.16,459.77,28.88,8.76" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref>). Specifically, for the observer ratings, venting had no unique effect on NA, and humour had no unique effect on PA. Observer-rated distancing had a unique effect on PA (as did the self-rated distancing), but unlike self-rated distancing, observer-rated distancing also showed a unique negative effect on NA. As indicated by the variance explained, NA was more strongly associated with self-reported than observer-rated coping, which is likely due to shared method variance between the self-ratings. It is difficult to explain, however, why the differences between the two rating perspectives did not occur for PA.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>In the present study we examined the personality judgments that were inferred from participants' behaviour in response to an interpersonal stressor staged in the laboratory. Overall, the results of the study supported our prediction that personality judgments based on coping behaviour mirror the relations between personality and coping that are Note. S-, self-ratings; O-, observer-ratings (COG); NA, negative affect; PA, positive affect;</p><p>Step 1 includes sex of participant, pre-provocation affect and all reaction scales except the target reaction scale included in Step 2; for observer-rated reactions for Step 2 adj. R 2 NA ¼ .16, adj. R 2 PA ¼ .53.</p><p>documented in the literature. A second notable result of this study was that the social consequences of the different coping reactions, as indicated by an (un)favourable personality impression, were only partly consistent with their impact on positive and NA following the stress induction.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Personality judgments inferred from coping behaviour</head><p>When controlling for other coping reactions in response to the provocation, feedbackthat is assertive but non-hostile reactions-predicted the most favourable personality impression in terms of higher levels of E, C, A, O, intelligence and social attractiveness, as well as lower levels of N. In contrast, submission contributed significantly to an unfavourable impression-namely, higher N and lower E, O and intelligence. Venting anger contributed significantly to lower A. These findings were largely similar for self-and other-rated venting, submission andto a smaller extent-feedback. Given the generally modest correlations between self-and observer ratings, this convergence is remarkable. However, self-and other ratings differed with respect to distancing and humour: self-rated humour was more strongly predictive of a positive personality than was other-rated humour, while self-rated distancing was more predictive of an unfavourable impression than was other-rated distancing. A possible explanation of this divergence between self-rated versus other-rated humour and distancing is that the items used to measure the two reactions (e.g. 'I look at it from the funny side', 'I don't take much notice of it') are more abstract than those used for the other reactions. Thus, participants and observers may have differed in how they interpreted the item content, in particular with respect to its evaluative connotations.</p><p>Overall, the personality judgments based on the participants' coping behaviour that we obtained in the present study mirror remarkably well the relations between personality and coping found in previous research <ref type="bibr" coords="13,189.47,376.14,119.78,8.76" target="#b5">(Bolger &amp; Zuckerman, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,312.83,376.14,91.72,8.76" target="#b11">Bouchard et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,45.92,388.11,142.80,8.76" target="#b16">Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,192.41,388.11,85.48,8.76" target="#b17">David &amp; Suls, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,281.59,388.11,122.96,8.76" target="#b18">DeLongis &amp; Holtzman, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,45.92,400.01,71.48,8.76" target="#b25">Knoll et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,119.56,400.01,100.42,8.76" target="#b31">Lee-Baggley et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,222.12,400.01,65.81,8.76" target="#b37">Suls et al., 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,290.15,400.01,114.42,8.76;13,45.92,411.97,65.07,8.76" target="#b40">Tobin, Graziano, Vanman, &amp; Tassinary, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,113.33,411.97,103.68,8.76" target="#b44">Watson &amp; Hubbard, 1996)</ref>: problem solving (i.e. feedback) and cognitive restructuring (in particular humour) were related to higher levels of E, C, O; withdrawal and negative emotion focus were related to higher levels of N (submission) and lower levels of A (venting anger). Together, these findings strongly corroborate our assumption that coping behaviour is diagnostic of personality in a way that mirrors the associations between personality and coping documented in the literature. The convergence between the two approaches highlights a considerable consensus between scientific evidence and lay conceptions with respect to how personality is linked to coping behaviour.</p><p>At the same time, the convergence between personality inferred from coping and the correlations between personality and coping documented in the literature attest to the validity of the lay assessments of the coping persons' personality. While the relationship between the participants' self-ratings of their personality and coping behaviour was in line with previous research <ref type="bibr" coords="13,137.31,555.46,139.88,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>, the correlations appeared to be less consistent across the five dimensions. This may be due mainly to the brief self-report measure used to assess the Big Five. In future research, it would be advisable to include a full-length measure of the Big Five, which would also facilitate analysing the relationship between coping and personality in terms of <ref type="bibr" coords="13,224.27,603.25,74.92,8.76" target="#b13">Brunswik's (1956)</ref>  perceptions of the observers is referred to as cue utilization, which has been the focus of the present analyses. With sound data on self-reported personality, it would also be possible to analyse cue validity, which refers to the link between observable cues and the targets' actual score on a variable (as indicated by self-reports). Moreover, better measures of personality would enable an examination of the degree to which there is a match between cue validity and cue utilization.</p><p>In the present study, the judgments' validity was supported by positive, albeit low, correlations between self-and observer judgments of the participants' personality. Given the very short self-report measure for the Big Five dimensions, the correlations are in fact remarkable. Especially noteworthy is the comparatively high self-other agreement found for N, which is generally a more private and less observable trait (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,339.93,184.81,81.82,8.76;14,63.16,196.77,51.89,8.76" target="#b45">Watson, Hubbard, &amp; Wiebe, 2000)</ref>. A possible explanation for this unexpected finding is that, when coping with an interpersonal provocation, N manifests in overt, visible behaviour (such as unassertive reactions), which can be judged more easily.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The social versus affective impact of coping behaviour</head><p>A second goal of the present study was to compare the coping behaviours' social impact, as indicated by the evaluative implications of the personality impressions, with their impact on changes in affect following the provocation. With respect to the social consequences, the present results indicate substantial differences in how positively persons were perceived on the basis of their coping behaviour, suggesting that laypersons construe a link between positively valued personality traits and adaptive behaviour: Trait poles that are socially desirable (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,154.60,352.22,86.45,8.76" target="#b24">John &amp; Robins, 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,243.21,352.22,80.95,8.76" target="#b33">Paulhus et al., 1995)</ref>-i.e. higher levels of E, A, C, O, as well as intelligence-were predicted by coping behaviour that can be considered to be highly functional in the particular situation-i.e. providing non-hostile feedback (and exhibiting humour). In contrast, higher levels of N were related to dysfunctional behaviour, in particular submission. The positive judgments of participants who provided feedback and the negative judgment of those who reacted submissively are consistent with previous findings that taking corrective actions-especially when this is done in a non-aggressive manner-is the socially preferred response to anger-eliciting situations <ref type="bibr" coords="14,103.63,447.86,58.21,8.76" target="#b2">(Averill, 1982;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,164.01,447.86,51.77,8.76" target="#b46">Weber, 2004)</ref>. In fact, feedback (when based on observer ratings) was the only reaction that uniquely predicted higher levels of social attractiveness. To a smaller extent, self-reported humour also predicted social attractiveness, which is consistent with the high esteem generally accorded to humour <ref type="bibr" coords="14,331.71,483.75,61.95,8.76" target="#b0">(Allport, 1961;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,398.21,483.75,23.54,8.76;14,63.16,495.65,103.02,8.76" target="#b15">Cann, Calhoun, &amp; Banks, 1997)</ref>.</p><p>The relationships between the coping reactions and affect following the stress induction revealed some remarkable discrepancies between the social impact of the particular coping reactions and their impact on affect. Most notably, feedback that yielded the most positive personality impression was found to be unrelated to changes in affect (as was submission that engendered a negative personality impression). Obviously, the social benefits of feedback did not appear to extend to affective relief, at least in the short-term perspective. A plausible explanation of these findings is that verbalizing and communicating the causes of anger maintains or revives feelings of anger and NA.</p><p>In contrast, those reactions that showed affective benefits-i.e. distancing and humour-elicited a less positive personality impression than did feedback. Hence, humour and distancing may be particularly instrumental in retaining PA following a provocation, and may thus allow the distressed person to exploit the effects of PA on self-regulation (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,45.92,77.26,118.93,8.76" target="#b20">Folkman &amp; Moskowitz, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,166.79,77.26,110.60,8.76" target="#b21">Fredrickson &amp; Joiner, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,279.38,77.26,43.76,8.76">Isen, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,325.08,77.26,79.44,8.76;15,45.92,89.17,65.95,8.76" target="#b32">Lyubomirsky, King, &amp; Diener, 2005)</ref>. However, these behaviours lack the assertiveness that appeared to be particularly honoured by others.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS</head><p>Several limitations of the present study need be acknowledged in addition to those already mentioned. First, the present study was restricted to the perception of persons who acted in a laboratory context. Though laboratory stressors provide several methodological advantages, the study design did not allow examining the personality impressions that may be formed in actual social interactions.</p><p>Second, previous research suggests that the relations between personality and coping vary with the context <ref type="bibr" coords="15,133.85,244.62,105.96,8.76" target="#b31">(Lee-Baggley et al., 2005)</ref> and the severity of the stressor <ref type="bibr" coords="15,368.10,244.62,36.51,8.76;15,45.92,256.58,103.70,8.76" target="#b16">(Connor-Smith &amp; Flachsbart, 2007)</ref>. Therefore, future research is needed to test whether the present findings extend beyond the experimental situation used in our study to other types of stressful situations. For example, even within the narrow category of anger provocations, it would be interesting to compare situations that differ in regard to the status of the instigator and the type of target-instigator relationship-variables that have been found to influence anger-related behaviour in prior research <ref type="bibr" coords="15,217.13,316.33,187.42,8.76" target="#b29">(Kuppens, Van Mechelen, &amp; Meulders, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,45.92,328.30,52.51,8.76" target="#b46">Weber, 2004)</ref>. Two other issues that deserve attention in future research are the extent to which coping-based personality impressions are consistent across different stress situations (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,65.99,352.22,86.81,8.76" target="#b10">Borkenau et al., 2004)</ref>, and the extent to which personality impressions remain stable when target persons are observed repeatedly in similar situations.</p><p>Third, while the present findings documented correlations between coping behaviour and personality, future research is needed to examine in more detail in which ways the personality impressions are formed. Other than research on behavioural manifestations of the Big Five dimensions in general (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="15,204.60,411.97,101.77,8.76" target="#b7">Borkenau &amp; Liebler, 1992</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,337.60,411.97,66.95,8.76;15,45.92,423.94,21.44,8.76" target="#b22">Funder &amp; Sneed, 1993)</ref>, the task would be to determine the traits' specific-i.e. coping-relatedbehavioural manifestations. A promising way to identify relevant behavioural signs is offered by the act-frequency approach, which operationalizes traits by means of the acts that laypersons consider as prototypical manifestations of these traits <ref type="bibr" coords="15,340.72,459.82,63.80,8.76;15,45.92,471.73,21.44,8.76" target="#b14">(Buss &amp; Craik, 1983)</ref>. For example, in a previous study we determined the feelings, thoughts, intentions and, overt behaviours that laypersons rated as prototypical of optimists, pessimists, and realists in coping with (un)controllable stress-situations . In similar ways, coping-related acts may be identified that are considered as prototypical for persons high versus low in the respective Big Five dimensions.</p><p>Future research on the mechanisms involved in inferring traits from coping behaviour should also consider to which extent trait judgments are based on implicit personality theories. Generally, implicit personality theories are characterized by expectancies about co-occurrences among traits-such as the Big Five dimensions-and behaviour <ref type="bibr" coords="15,45.92,579.33,69.29,8.76" target="#b6">(Borkenau, 1992)</ref>. With respect to coping behaviour, it would be particularly interesting to examine whether such implicit theories reflect dimensions that are specific to coping. For example, in coping with interpersonal stressors, traits may be expected to co-occur that reflect social competence, such that persons who are perceived as talkative may likely be judged as assertive and witty.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONCLUSIONS</head><p>In the present study, coping behaviour that can be considered highly functional in response to an interpersonal stressor predicted a highly positive personality impression, while dysfunctional behaviour contributed to an unfavourable impression. Most notably, the personality impressions that unacquainted observers-laypersons-formed from observing target persons cope mirror remarkably well the relations between personality and coping documented in the research literature. This correspondence suggests a high consensus between scientific evidence and lay conceptions with respect to the link between coping behaviour and personality. Generally, it can be assumed that the personality judgments inferred from observing persons cope with stress and adversity may have serious consequences for the target persons' interpersonal attraction and social functioning. Hence, future research on personality and coping should address in more detail the processes by which coping-based personality impressions are formed and the social consequences that follow from different personality judgments.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="8,148.25,369.59,273.51,9.62;8,63.15,381.55,358.59,9.62;8,63.15,393.51,232.21,9.62"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>M ¼ 13.26, SD ¼ 2.60; post: M ¼ 17.57, SD ¼ 6.78; t(122) ¼ À7.67, p &lt; .001, d ¼ 0.84) and a significant decrease in PA (pre: M ¼ 29.58, SD ¼ 6.21; post: M ¼ 27.63, SD ¼ 7.41; t(122) ¼ 4.04, p &lt; .001, d ¼ 0.29).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,63.16,652.24,358.72,19.15"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Copyright # 2009 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd.</figDesc><table coords="6,315.04,652.32,106.83,19.08">Eur. J. Pers. 23: 289-306 (2009) 
DOI: 10.1002/per 
MEASURES: OBSERVER RATINGS 

Observer ratings of coping reactions (COG) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="8,63.16,65.96,358.65,559.57"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Overview of study design and measures</figDesc><table coords="8,63.16,82.80,358.65,180.28">Procedure 
Self-ratings 
Observer ratings 

(About) 1 week prior to 
laboratory session 

Set of questionnaires, 
including Big Five (BFI-10) 

Laboratory session 
Pre-anger-induction 
Positive (PA) and Negative 
(NA) state affect (PANAS) 
Post-anger induction 
Positive (PA) and Negative 
(NA) state affect (PANAS) 
Coping reactions (ARGI) 
Video clips, showing the 
participants' behaviour in 
response to anger induction 

Coping Observer Group (COG): 
ratings of the participants' 
coping reactions, based on 
ARGI (observer version) 
Personality Observer Group (POG): 
ratings of the participants' 
personality, based on items adapted 
from Borkenau et al. (2004) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="10,63.15,65.96,358.68,320.10"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Summary of hierarchical regression analysis for predicting personality, intelligence, and social attractiveness</figDesc><table coords="10,63.15,92.72,358.68,293.34">Target reaction scale 
included in Step 2 

Criterion 

E 
N 
A 
C 
O 
I 
S A 

O-Venting 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.46 ÃÃ 
.37 ÃÃ 
.22 ÃÃ 
.18 ÃÃ 
.44 ÃÃ 
.33 ÃÃ 
.28 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.02 
.00 
.05 ÃÃ 
.01 
.00 
.01 
.00 
b 
.21 
.04 
À.37 ÃÃ 
À.14 
À.01 
À.18 
À.03 
O-Submission 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.42 ÃÃ 
.23 ÃÃ 
.27 ÃÃ 
.16 ÃÃ 
.39 ÃÃ 
.30 ÃÃ 
.26 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.06 ÃÃ 
.13 ÃÃ 
.00 
.02 
.05 ÃÃ 
.04 Ã 
.02 
b 
À.39 ÃÃ 
.57 ÃÃ 
À.01 
À.24 
À.34 ÃÃ 
À.30 Ã 
À.22 
O-Feedback 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.44 ÃÃ 
.34 ÃÃ 
.19 ÃÃ 
.10 ÃÃ 
.31 ÃÃ 
.21 ÃÃ 
.15 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.04 ÃÃ 
.02 Ã 
.08 ÃÃ 
.08 ÃÃ 
.13 ÃÃ 
.12 ÃÃ 
.12 ÃÃ 
b 
.24 ÃÃ 
À.18 Ã 
.35 ÃÃ 
.35 ÃÃ 
.45 ÃÃ 
.43 ÃÃ 
.43 ÃÃ 
O-Distancing 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.48 ÃÃ 
.26 ÃÃ 
.26 ÃÃ 
.17 ÃÃ 
.43 ÃÃ 
.32 ÃÃ 
.26 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.01 
.10 ÃÃ 
.01 
.02 
.01 
.01 
.02 
b 
.13 
À.61 ÃÃ 
.23 
.24 
.21 
.23 
.26 
O-Humour 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.45 ÃÃ 
.36 ÃÃ 
.27 ÃÃ 
.18 ÃÃ 
.44 ÃÃ 
.34 ÃÃ 
.38 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.03 ÃÃ 
.01 
.00 
.00 
.01 
.00 
.00 
b 
.25 ÃÃ 
.11 
À.06 
À.08 
.12 
.05 
.01 

Note. O-, observer ratings (COG); E, Extraversion, N, Neuroticism; A, Agreeableness; C, Conscientiousness; O, 
Openness; I, Intelligence; SA, Social Attractiveness; Step 1 includes sex of participant and all reaction scales 
except the target reaction scale included in Step 2; for Step 2 adj. R 2 
Extraversion ¼ .48, adj. R 2 
Neuroticism ¼ .36, adj. 
R 2 
Agreeableness ¼ .26, adj. R 2 
Conscientiousness ¼ .18, adj. R 2 
Openness ¼ .44, adj. R 2 
Intelligence ¼ .33, adj. R 2 
Social Attractiveness ¼ 
.27. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,45.92,65.96,358.77,605.44"><head>Table 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Summary of hierarchical regression analysis for predicting personality, intelligence, and social attractiveness</figDesc><table coords="11,45.92,92.72,358.68,333.20">Target reaction scale 
included in Step 2 

Criterion 

E 
N 
A 
C 
O 
I 
S A 

S-Venting 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.15 ÃÃ 
.17 ÃÃ 
À.01 
.10 ÃÃ 
.20 ÃÃ 
.12 ÃÃ 
.06 Ã 
DR 2 
.00 
.02 
.06 ÃÃ 
.00 
.02 
.02 
.01 
b 
.03 
.14 
À.26 ÃÃ 
À.05 
À.14 
À.13 
À.10 
S-Submission 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.12 ÃÃ 
.11 ÃÃ 
.04 
.10 ÃÃ 
.16 ÃÃ 
.10 ÃÃ 
.06 Ã 
DR 2 
.04 Ã 
.07 ÃÃ 
.01 
.01 
.06 ÃÃ 
.04 Ã 
.01 
b 
À.23 Ã 
.30 ÃÃ 
À.10 
À.10 
À.26 ÃÃ 
À.21 Ã 
À.13 
S-Feedback 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.06 Ã 
.14 ÃÃ 
.04 
.08 ÃÃ 
.14 ÃÃ 
.11 ÃÃ 
.05 
DR 2 
.09 ÃÃ 
.04 Ã 
.01 
.02 
.07 ÃÃ 
.02 
.02 
b 
.33 ÃÃ 
À.22 Ã 
À.12 
.15 
.29 ÃÃ 
.16 
.15 
S-Distancing 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.16 ÃÃ 
18 ÃÃ 
.03 
.03 
.20 ÃÃ 
.10 ÃÃ 
.05 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
.02 
.08 ÃÃ 
.02 
.04 Ã 
.02 
b 
À.03 
À.06 
À.20 
À.38 ÃÃ 
À.17 
À.26 Ã 
À.21 
S-Rumination 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.15 ÃÃ 
.18 ÃÃ 
.04 
.10 ÃÃ 
.21 ÃÃ 
.13 ÃÃ 
.07 Ã 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
.01 
.00 
.00 
.00 
.01 
b 
.07 
À.06 
.12 
.02 
.08 
.06 
.09 
S-Humour 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.16 ÃÃ 
.17 ÃÃ 
.03 
.06 Ã 
.18 ÃÃ 
.07 Ã 
.03 
DR 2 
.00 
.01 
.02 
.04 Ã 
.03 Ã 
.06 ÃÃ 
.04 
b 
À.04 
À.13 
.17 
.26 Ã 
.23 Ã 
.32 ÃÃ 
.25 Ã 

Note. S-, self-ratings; E, Extraversion; N, Neuroticism; A, Agreeableness; C, Conscientiousness; O, Openness; I, 
Intelligence; SA, Social Attractiveness; Step 1 includes sex of participant and all reaction scales except the target 
reaction scale included in Step 2; for Step 2 adj. R 2 
Extraversion ¼ .15, adj. R 2 
Neuroticism ¼ .18, adj. R 2 
Agreeableness ¼ 
.04, adj. R 2 
Conscientiousness ¼ .10, adj. R 2 
Openness ¼ .21, adj. R 2 
Intelligence ¼ .13, adj. R 2 
Social Attractiveness ¼ .06. 
Ã p &lt; .05; ÃÃ p &lt; .01. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="12,63.15,65.96,358.62,297.64"><head>Table 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Summary of hierarchical regression analysis for predicting post-provocation affect</figDesc><table coords="12,63.15,82.80,358.62,280.80">Target reaction scale 
included in Step 2 

Criterion 
Target reaction scale 
included in Step 2 

Criterion 

NA 
PA 
NA 
PA 

S-Venting 
S-Distancing 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.35 ÃÃ 
.57 ÃÃ 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.38 ÃÃ 
.56 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.03 Ã 
.01 
DR 2 
.00 
.02 Ã 
b 
.20 Ã 
.08 
b 
.01 
.18 ÃÃ 
S-Submission 
S-Rumination 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.38 ÃÃ 
.58 ÃÃ 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.25 ÃÃ 
.58 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
DR 2 
.13 ÃÃ 
.00 
b 
À.01 
.02 
b 
.42 ÃÃ 
.02 
S-Feedback 
S-Humour 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.37 ÃÃ 
.57 ÃÃ 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.37 ÃÃ 
.56 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.01 
.01 
DR 2 
.01 
.02 Ã 
b 
.08 
.07 
b 
À.13 
.19 Ã 

O-Venting 
O-Distancing 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.18 ÃÃ 
.53 ÃÃ 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.15 ÃÃ 
.52 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
DR 2 
.03 Ã 
.02 ÃÃ 
b 
À.07 
.07 
b 
À.30 Ã 
.26 Ã 
O-Submission 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.18 ÃÃ 
.53 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
b 
.04 
À.11 
O-Feedback 
O-Humour 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.18 ÃÃ 
.54 ÃÃ 
adj. R 2 

for step 1 

.18 ÃÃ 
.53 ÃÃ 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
DR 2 
.00 
.00 
b 
À.00 
À.03 
b 
.01 
.07 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="13,45.92,603.25,358.77,68.14"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>lens model. According to this model, observable cues (in our case, coping behaviour) serve as lenses through which observers perceive the targets' characteristics. The link between observable cues and Copyright # 2009 John Wiley &amp; Sons, Ltd.</figDesc><table coords="13,297.81,652.32,106.89,19.08">Eur. J. Pers. 23: 289-306 (2009) 
DOI: 10.1002/per 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2">We are grateful to Wilhelm Glaser for allowing us to manipulate the computerized Stroop test that he developed. The programme manipulation was conducted by Conrad Schimke and Alexander Kaps.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS</head><p>This research was supported by Grant We 1779/5-1 from the German Research Foundation (DFG) awarded to Hannelore Weber. The authors thank Juliane Kranzpiller and Alexander Kaps for their help with the data collection.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,378.79,358.61,7.88" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Pattern and growth in personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Allport</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Holt, Reinhart and Winston</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1961" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,388.77,358.60,7.88;16,72.11,398.69,349.66,7.88;16,72.11,408.67,47.80,7.88" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Towards a histology of social behavior: judgmental accuracy from thin slices of behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Bernieri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Richeson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="271" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,418.65,322.16,7.88" xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Anger and aggression: An essay on emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Averill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,428.57,358.61,7.88;16,72.11,438.54,216.29,7.88" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asymmetry in judgments of personality: others are less differentiated than the self</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Beer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="535" to="559" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,448.52,358.62,7.88;16,72.11,458.50,305.35,7.88" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality judgment at zero acquaintance: agreement, assumed similarity, and implicit simplicity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Beer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Assessment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="250" to="260" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,468.42,358.60,7.88;16,72.11,478.40,220.31,7.88" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A framework for studying personality in the stress process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Bolger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Zuckerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="890" to="902" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,488.38,358.67,7.88;16,72.11,498.35,47.80,7.88" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implicit personality theory and the Five-Factor Model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="295" to="327" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,508.28,358.62,7.88;16,72.11,518.25,189.59,7.88" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trait inferences: sources of validity at zero acquaintance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Liebler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="645" to="657" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,528.23,358.59,7.88;16,72.11,538.15,349.67,7.88;16,72.11,548.13,93.83,7.88" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Convergence of stranger ratings of personality and intelligence with self-ratings, partner ratings, and measured intelligence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Liebler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="546" to="553" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,558.11,358.61,7.88;16,72.11,568.08,183.85,7.88" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Observable attributes as manifestations and cues of personality and intelligence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Liebler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="25" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,578.01,358.61,7.88;16,72.11,587.98,349.71,7.88;16,72.11,597.96,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thin slices of behavior as cues of personality and intelligence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Mauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Riemann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Spinath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Angleitner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="599" to="614" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.15,607.94,358.62,7.88;16,72.11,617.86,349.65,7.88;16,72.11,627.84,172.01,7.88" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Situational and dispositional coping: an examination of their relation to personality, cognitive appraisals, and psychological distress</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bouchard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Guillemette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Landry-Léger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="238" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,63.16,652.24,145.43,7.19;16,315.04,652.32,106.80,7.12;16,364.59,664.39,57.28,7.01" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">#</forename><surname>Copyright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ltd. Eur. J. Pers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="289" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,65.96,358.67,7.88;17,54.88,75.88,149.61,7.88" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Perception and the representative design of psychological experiments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Brunswik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1956" />
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkeley</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,85.86,358.67,7.88;17,54.88,95.84,47.85,7.88" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The act frequency approach to personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Craik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="126" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,105.81,358.63,7.88;17,54.88,115.74,188.44,7.88" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">On the role of humor appreciation in interpersonal attraction: it&apos;s no joking matter. Humor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Cann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Calhoun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Banks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="89" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,125.71,358.63,7.88;17,54.88,135.69,263.47,7.88" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relations between personality and coping: a metaanalysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Connor-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Flachsbart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1080" to="1107" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,145.61,358.61,7.88;17,54.88,155.59,175.19,7.88" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coping efforts in daily life: role of Big Five traits and problem appraisals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Suls</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="265" to="294" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,165.57,358.62,7.88;17,54.88,175.54,203.24,7.88" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coping in context: the role of stress, social support, and personality in coping</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Delongis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Holtzman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,185.47,358.61,7.88;17,54.88,195.44,266.07,7.88" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of social support provision in personal relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Dunkel-Schetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Skokan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="450" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,205.42,358.61,7.88;17,54.88,215.40,98.93,7.88" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive affect and the other side of coping</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Folkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="647" to="654" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,225.32,358.66,7.88;17,54.88,235.30,178.19,7.88" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive emotions trigger upward spirals toward emotional well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fredrickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Joiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="172" to="175" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,245.28,358.59,7.88;17,54.88,255.20,346.40,7.88" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Behavioral manifestations of personality: an ecological approach to judgmental accuracy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Funder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sneed</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="490" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,265.17,358.60,7.88;17,45.92,275.15,358.65,7.88;17,54.88,285.13,154.74,7.88" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Glaser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>STROOP 01/02</idno>
		<ptr target="http://www.uni-tuebingen.de/psi/alteversion/soft/soft.htmIsen" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of cognition and emotion</title>
		<editor>T. Dalgleish, &amp; M. J. Power</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="521" to="539" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,295.05,358.64,7.88;17,54.88,305.03,349.71,7.88;17,54.88,315.01,93.32,7.88" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of interjudge agreement on personality traits: the Big Five domains, observability, evaluativeness, and the unique perspective of the self</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Robins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="521" to="551" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,324.98,358.62,7.88;17,54.88,334.91,349.71,7.88;17,54.88,344.88,93.32,7.88" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coping as a mediator between personality and stress outcomes: a longitudinal study with cataract surgery patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Knoll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Rieckmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Schwarzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,354.86,358.61,7.88;17,54.88,364.84,349.69,7.88;17,54.88,374.76,183.89,7.88" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Untersuchung mit einer deutschen Version der &apos;Positive and Negative Affect Schedule&apos; (PANAS)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Krohne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Egloff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kohlmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tausch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Studies on a German version of the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,241.74,374.76,96.95,7.88" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Diagnostica</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="156" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,384.74,358.62,7.88;17,54.88,394.72,228.59,7.88" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The anger-related reactions and goals inventory revised</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kubiak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wiedig-Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Zgoriecki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Manuscript submitted for publication</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,404.64,358.63,7.88;17,54.88,414.61,349.70,7.88;17,54.88,424.59,121.96,7.88" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Every cloud has a silver lining: interpersonal and individual differences determinants of anger-related behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kuppens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Van Mechelen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Meulders</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1550" to="1564" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,434.57,331.06,7.88" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Stress, appraisal, and coping</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lazarus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Folkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,444.49,358.62,7.88;17,54.87,454.47,184.89,7.88" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coping with interpersonal stress: role of Big Five traits</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Lee-Baggley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Preece</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Delongis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1141" to="1180" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,464.45,358.62,7.88;17,54.87,474.42,240.27,7.88" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The benefits of frequent positive affect: does happiness lead to success?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lyubomirsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">131</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="803" to="855" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,484.34,358.64,7.88;17,54.87,494.32,349.69,7.88" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of self-presentation strategies on personality profiles and their structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Paulhus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Bruce</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Trapnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="100" to="108" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,504.30,358.64,7.88;17,54.87,514.22,349.71,7.88;17,54.87,524.20,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring personality in one minute or less: a 10-item short version of the Big Five Inventory in English and German</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Rammstedt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,534.18,358.66,7.88;17,54.87,544.15,338.35,7.88" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Regulating responses to anger: effects of rumination and distraction on angry mood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rusting</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Nolen-Hoeksema</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="790" to="803" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.91,554.08,358.61,7.88;17,54.87,564.05,349.71,7.88;17,54.87,574.03,52.33,7.88" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Searching for the structure of coping: a review and critique of category systems for classifying ways of coping</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Skinner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Edge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Altman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Sherwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">129</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="216" to="269" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.91,584.01,358.61,7.88;17,54.87,593.93,134.03,7.88" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality and coping: three generations of research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Suls</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Harvey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="711" to="735" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.91,603.91,358.67,7.88;17,54.87,613.89,171.56,7.88" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relative efficacy of avoidant and nonavoidant coping strategies: a meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Suls</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Fletcher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="288" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,45.92,652.24,145.43,7.19;17,297.81,652.32,106.80,7.12;17,347.42,664.39,57.28,7.01" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">#</forename><surname>Copyright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ltd. Eur. J. Pers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="289" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,65.96,358.60,7.88;18,72.11,75.88,349.66,7.88;18,72.11,85.86,33.62,7.88" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality, emotional experience, and efforts to control emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tobin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Graziano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vanman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Tassinary</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="656" to="669" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,95.84,358.60,7.88;18,72.11,105.81,290.50,7.88" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Spontaneous inferences, implicit impressions, and implicit theories</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Uleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Saribay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gonzalez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="329" to="360" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,115.74,358.57,7.88;18,72.11,125.71,223.83,7.88" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Optimism and social support: the providers&apos; perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vollmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Renner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Positive Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,135.69,358.62,7.88;18,72.11,145.61,349.71,7.88;18,72.11,155.59,42.59,7.88" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development and validation of a brief measure of positive and negative affect: the PANAS scales</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tellegen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1063" to="1070" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,165.57,358.64,7.88;18,72.11,175.54,255.69,7.88" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adaptational style and dispositional structure: coping in the context of the five-factor model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hubbard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="737" to="774" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.15,185.47,358.64,7.88;18,72.11,195.44,349.67,7.88;18,72.11,205.42,93.83,7.88" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-other agreement in personality and affectivity: the role of acquaintanceship, trait visibility, and assumed similarity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hubbard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Wiebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="546" to="558" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.15,215.40,358.66,7.88;18,72.11,225.32,15.69,7.88" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Explorations in the social construction of anger</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Motivation and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="219" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.15,235.30,358.58,7.88;18,72.11,245.28,333.02,7.88" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The spirited, the observant, and the disheartened: social concepts of optimism, realism, and pessimism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vollmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Renner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="169" to="197" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.15,255.20,358.59,7.88;18,72.11,265.17,267.43,7.88" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sex differences in anger-related behavior: comparing expectancies to actual behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wiedig-Allison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1669" to="1698" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.15,275.15,358.61,7.88;18,72.11,285.13,172.01,7.88" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social anxiety and anger regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wiedig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Freyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gralher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="573" to="590" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,63.16,652.24,145.43,7.19;18,315.04,652.32,106.80,7.12;18,364.59,664.39,57.28,7.01" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">#</forename><surname>Copyright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ltd. Eur. J. Pers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="289" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
