<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2012-07">July 2012</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Goldsmith</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yusaku</forename><surname>Horiuchi</surname></persName>
						</author>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Source: World Politics</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="555" to="585"/>
							<date type="published" when="2012-07">July 2012</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER: Does Foreign Public Opinion Matter for US Foreign Policy?</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:01+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER</head><p>Does Foreign Public Opinion Matter for US Foreign Policy?</p><p>By BENJAMIN E. GOLDSMITH and YUSAKU HORIUCHI* DOES when "soft the United power" States matter seeks in international cooperation from relations? countries Specifically, around when the United States seeks cooperation from countries around the world, do the views of their publics about US foreign policy affect the actual foreign policy behavior of those countries? We examine this question using multinational surveys covering fifty-eight countries, combined with information about their foreign policy decisions in 2003, a critical year for the US during the post-9/11 period.</p><p>We draw our basic conceptual framework from Joseph Nye, who coined the term "soft power."1 According to Nye, soft power is "the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion or payments."2 This is an especially appropriate framework for us because, as Nye puts it, "soft power is about mobilizing cooperation from others."3 As we do in this article, he frequently uses public opinion surveys regarding attitudes in foreign countries toward the US and its policies.4 It is also appropriate because the effectiveness of soft power hinges on the targeted country's public attitudes (that is, favorability) toward the country wielding, or attempting to wield, international influence (in this study, the US). ^Earlier versions of this article were presented at the United States Study Centre (ussc), University of Sydney, on <ref type="bibr" coords="2,99.09,481.84,27.24,6.29">August 11, 2009</ref>; the Center on Public Diplomacy, University of Southern California, In recent years, the concept h among pundits, and among som may have intuitive or rhetorical soft power actually affects inte In a well-known recent study, Ke of anti-American views on a ran US, including some examined i dress the question rigorously, an of large data sets.7 We conten meaningful factor in the dynam more general theoretical attentio</p><p>In this article, we attempt to both to the refinement of the th atic empirical examination. Our of the conditions under which consequences: identifiable forei pirically to mass-level perceptio ficult, if not impossible, to test e specification. In Nye's original ar for (American) values, culture, in are "currencies" of soft power.9 phasized element of Nye's approa in the targeted countries -that attempting to use soft power t we discuss in the next section, as structural or underlying facto current foreign policies of a coun directly affecting the decisions o in international relations soft po country B's mass public about cou With this theoretical focus, we about whether foreign public opi outcomes and, if it does, when it 5 For example, see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,252.32,562.24,103.28,6.29" target="#b42">Zubrow 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,355.59,562.24,8.36,6.29;3,86.58,569.59,100.94,5.90">. 6 Keohane and Katzenstein 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,187.52,569.59,3.21,5.90;3,86.87,580.28,96.93,6.57">. 7 Exceptions are Datta 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,190.25,580.28,75.33,6.57;3,86.85,589.31,3.93,6.52">and Dragojlovic 2009. 8</ref> We acknowledge the contributions of earlier theorists, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,294.47,589.31,84.21,6.52">especially Putnam 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,381.54,589.31,46.23,6.52;3,75.20,598.32,17.68,6.50" target="#b31">Risse-Kappen 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,95.72,598.32,92.94,6.50" target="#b19">and Keohane and Nye 1977</ref>. Of these, Putnam's two-level games approach is the most focused on the type of short-term political outcomes that concern us here, rather than underlying institutional or structural effects. But its attention to dynamics of public opinion, or to other targeted persuasion and influence without threat or inducements, is minimal (e.g., p. 436). <ref type="bibr" coords="3,86.75,634.48,52.80,6.29">9 Nye 2004, 31.</ref> IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 557 cally, we analyze three distinct outcome v opinion has a significant and large effect war in Iraq, even after controlling for vari has significant, albeit small, effects on po</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Criminal Court and on voting decisions</head><p>These results of regression analysis suppor gument about soft power: public opinio foreign countries does affect their poli effect is conditional on the salience of an</p><p>We emphasize that our contributions g soft power. We acknowledge the rich liter lic opinion on public policy, but the existi sively on the relationship between opinion However, we demonstrate the importanc US) for policy outcomes outside of the US, studied. We also emphasize that our study lic opinion on foreign policy; by contrast, we are aware focus on the effects of opini In the remainder of the article, we first policy views as the pivotal factor in sof two testable hypotheses. We then discuss o examining the results of our analysis, w implications for understanding internation future research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theory and Hypotheses</head><p>In this section, we first address Nye's focus on cultural aspects of soft power, attempting to clarify the connections to foreign policy and proposing a refined theory of the soft power process. We then derive two hypotheses about the effects of public opinion on foreign policy behavior and introduce the specific cases used in our analysis. Given our focus on public opinion abou we therefore refine and extend a theory o focus on the specific process through w consequence, dividing it into six stages. Fi to communicate a message from one st ence or audiences in another state (coun must be received by at least one relevant a Third, there is a process of assessing th the message, as well as communication w it.21 Fourth, there either is or is not so in views or priorities in response to the eral views about country A's foreign polic specific issues in country B's relationship issue is salient for the mass public (or ano in views or priorities may change the dom issue, shifting the balance of costs and b policy behavior (discussed further below). ers perceive the costs to be sufficiently ou will translate into a change in actual forei</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Hypotheses about Soft Power Effects</head><p>An important division in this process is that between country A's efforts to influence opinion in country B and the translation of opinion 560 WORLD POLITICS in country B into its foreign po article, we focus on the latter.2 gated aspect of transnational i power. Without some effect o power would, of course, be a m not specify how generic attract fluence ("power"), our approach policy views among the mass pu Specifically, we formulate two fects of public opinion about th we expect that public opinion effect on behavior of states to the effect of soft power to run eign policy, because leaders mus costs and benefits before taking This is so because support for, or opposit ship, and thus the balance of political cost sion maker, will more likely be affected by public. If an issue is of little salience to the eign policy choice will not be likely to affec tion of the decision maker. If an issue is of a choice that goes against the preference of ance of political costs associated with a giv Thus, in anticipation of political consequ take heed of opinion on salient issues but wi opinion on nonsalient issues. As Lax and Ph will shift attention to [public] opinion wh from it when low . . . higher salience means Our framework has implications for the are (1) the commitment of troops to the U pliance with US wishes regarding a waive from the jurisdiction of the Internation (3) annual voting patterns in the UN Gene sues highlighted as important by the US in Our assumptions about the relative salien this stage, necessarily generic for all countr voting will be of low salience, since this is decision to grant so-called Article 98 imm nationals is perhaps a more substantive fo highly specific and possibly obscure in th whether or not to commit troops to support ular military action is the most salient issue the one that will be most susceptible to the How might we assess the level of salience o nationally? Media coverage should be an appr a wealth of evidence demonstrating that the coverage of an issue is closely associated wit ity that the issue has for the public.26 Figur <ref type="bibr" coords="8,88.83,589.46,186.45,6.48;8,88.44,599.30,13.54,6.14">24 Lax and Philips 2009, 370. 25</ref> In future research, we might refine our assumptions abou regime type, region, or other country-specific factors (also see for Africa, Asia Pacific, Australia / New Zealand, Canada, Europe, Latin America, Middle East, and UK. The search terms were: "Iraq SAME (United States OR U.S. OR Bush) AND war" or "International Criminal Court OR ICC" or "(United Nations General Assembly OR UN General Assembly OR UNGA) NOT Iraq." This search strategy requires that Iraq be mentioned in the same paragraph as the US and limits hits to instances in which the word "war" is used, thus setting restrictive requirements for our expected salient issue, while allowing any articles mentioning the ICC, and any non-Iraq-related articles mentioning the UNGA, thus setting liberal requirements for our expected nonsalient issues. The 58th UNGA was convened in September 2003, corresponding to the jump in media coverage.</p><p>international print media coverage (outside of the US) of these three issues, for the period May through December 2003. This strongly corresponds to our expectations about issue salience, with the Iraq war generating about ten times as many articles per month as the ICC and usually more than twenty times as many articles as the unga. We will discuss each of these issues more specifically in the next section.</p><p>To test our hypotheses, we use multinational surveys covering fiftyeight non-US countries for our key independent variables and information about their foreign policy decisions during 2003 as dependent variables. Specifically, our independent variable ( Opinion about US foreign policy) is the difference between the aggregated (in ratio) positive and negative response to the following survey item:27 -"Generally, do you think American foreign policy has a positive effect on &lt;your country», a negative effect or does American foreign policy have no effect on &lt;your country &gt;?"</p><p>The data are taken from surveys conducted by Gallup Internationa We use the Gallup International surveys for two reasons. First, they are among the most comprehensive multinational surveys satisfying the "time-order" condition, given our theoretical expectation that opinion affects these outcomes; namely, they measure opinion prior to the foreign policy outcomes of interest. The selection of countries, while not random, includes over a quarter of all countries in the world, with a range of important political, economic, and historical relationships with the US.30 <ref type="bibr" coords="10,86.42,410.02,8.33,6.19">27</ref> We note that <ref type="bibr" coords="10,150.91,410.02,53.40,6.19">Nye (2004, 53)</ref> also discusses the "ratio of the positive to the negative dimensions" of views of the US. It is important to point out that we do not make assumptions about thresholds of support. We recognize the complexity of foreign policy making and the contextual nature of leaders' political calculations. We expect only that, other things equal, more positive views, relative to negative ones, about US foreign policy will make it more likely that leaders will choose policies that the US prefers.</p><p>30 The selection of countries by Gallup International is presumably based on their resources and capacity to conduct cross-national surveys, rather than on foreign policy decisions of non-US countries (or Gallup International s consideration/expectation of these decisions). Thus, we think that our estimation does not necessarily suffer from selection bias. See the results section for a robustness test that attempts to cope with the selection issue.</p><p>Second, and more importantly, ing our hypotheses. It asks dire policy on the respondent's coun measure theoretically -the pu policy that are of political relev Potentially there are two alte variable, but neither is linked would be a measure of the forei ues, institutions and past behavi As we have argued, we consider direct relevance to foreign poli that from the perspective of fo important to know what the when their own and/or their co know the extent of favorable at even general favorability for th Another measure would be a qu icy issue -such as a question a The three policy-related depe terms of their degree of salienc above, these three policy decisio of the surveys that measure ou in the form of decisions affect We acknowledge, however, the ion prior to a decision being p 31 As a robustness test, we use survey items the US as instrumental variables (iv). See the 32 Another fundamental problem is that s study only when issues became salient, a situ second hypothesis. There are no questions abo tional surveys of which we are aware. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,92.11,634.79,328.33,6.52">33 Cook and Campbell 1979, chap. 2.</ref> decision makers intend to take an action sending troops to Iraq) and/or salient for they might attempt to sway public opinio of the decision.34 We conduct robustness t potential risk of omitted variable bias in t lowing discussion of our three issues (an ables), we also present some qualitative e comparable countries, supporting our expe effect of opinion on foreign policy outcom Comparing the cases of Canada, the Un is also suggestive. These traditional US al US-led effort in Afghanistan and seriou to Iraq. In the end, Australia and the UK d a "significant" part of the Canadian decisio US foreign policy were more positive in B their decisions, with 30 percent of Brito lians believing US foreign policy had a pos and 42 percent of Britons and 51 percen was negative in the January 2003 Gallup differences between positive and negat percentage points, respectively. In contr dians had positive responses and 53 perc difference of 31 percentage points. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,87.82,587.68,103.21,6.29">45 Vassilev 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,191.03,587.68,37.49,6.29;14,87.98,596.66,106.41,6.48">, 482. 46 Vassilev 2006</ref>    <ref type="table" coords="20,221.74,94.68,30.26,7.71">Table 2</ref> Observations Countries with troops in Afghanistan (there are nineteen in our data) are likely either to be important US allies and/or to have sufficient military capability to send troops abroad. Thus, as compared with others, they are also more likely to have sent troops to Iraq by the end of 2003.</p><p>This variable is clearly relevant as it is expected to affect our independent variable -the perceptions about US foreign policy by non-US publics as of late 2002 or early 2003 (before the war in Iraq began).72</p><p>Nonmembership in the icc (there are sixteen instances in our data) probably indicates a state's opposition to the ICC for its own domestic or foreign policy reasons. This would presumably significantly reduce the costs of signing a bia with the US (note that non-icc members can also sign them), and thus it is an important factor to control to avoid a biased estimate of the effect of public opinion.</p><p>We also include five variables measuring hard power-related security and economic factors. These correspond to the likelihood, in Nye's framework, of "threats and inducements" affecting opinion and decisions. 69 Since all these variables are only added for better control, we are not interested here in their statistical and substantive effects and do not discuss the expected direction of effect parameters or their estimates.</p><p>70 Data were collected and cross-checked using several sources: NATO's shape Public Affairs Office for International Security Assistance; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Enduring_Freedom_ -_Afghanistan:_Allies; http://www.defenselink.mil/new/Jun2002/d20020607contributions.pdf; http:// www.globalsecurity.org/military/ops/enduring-freedom_deploy.htm; http://www.mil.be/isaf/subject/ index.asp?LAN=nl&amp;ID=1213; and several press reports. Finally, in order to address a potentia basic methodological point. As long as w that certain variables have direct effects o states, we need not include them in our a range of soft power variables, such as pu US, exports of US culture to foreign natio music stars. The omission of these variables should not lead to biased causal estimates, because, as our theoretical framework specifies, if they have any effect on our dependent variables (that is, policy decisions), <ref type="bibr" coords="22,87.31,509.20,97.12,6.29">73 Signorino and Ritter 1991</ref>; the data source is EUGene data-generation software. At http://www . eugenesoftware .org/.</p><p>74 The data source is the "Green Book" on loans and grants. At http://qesdb.cdie.org/gbk/. We code 0 for missing observations. The unit is 2006 US dollars. 77 The data source is http://www.freedomhouse.org. We do not use another commonly used measure of democracy, Polity score, because it is not coded for three countries surveyed by Gallup International -Luxembourg, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Iceland. The correlation between Democracy score and Polity score is high (0.834).</p><p>78 The data source is http://islamicweb.eom/.We code 0 for missing observations. This is the best comprehensive data source we could find for pre-2003 figures. Specific dates for each country's percentage are not given, but the Web site implies they are current as of 1998. this should only be through cha policy, our independent variable</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>We estimate two sets of regressions for each dependent variable -one without the covariates and another with them. Since the first two de- The results of our regression analysis are presented in <ref type="table" coords="23,389.37,253.97,36.34,9.53" target="#tab_7">Table 3</ref>.</p><p>Without control variables, the effect of Opinion about US foreign policy is positive and significant on the first two dependent variables, but it is negative and insignificant on the third dependent variable. Not surprisingly, this is consistent with the patterns noted in Tables 1 and 2. The estimates with the eleven control variables, however, suggest that the feelings of non-US publics toward US foreign policy have significantly positive effects on all three dependent variables. This is expected given our framework but nevertheless striking given that a variety of variables measuring security, economic, cultural, and historical relationships with the US are controlled. This is strong evidence to support our first hypothesis that non-US public opinion indeed matters for foreign policy outcomes regarding the US.</p><p>To examine the validity of our second hypothesis, however, we need to compare the magnitude of effects across the three sets of models. <ref type="table" coords="23,75.60,450.29,37.78,9.53" target="#tab_7">Table 3</ref> does not easily allow us to do so, because we use different methods of estimation (probit and ols) and because the interpretation of probit coefficients is not straightforward. To interpret substantive effects and test our second hypothesis, we simulate the marginal effect of our independent variable on each dependent variable when it changes from one standard deviation below the mean to one standard deviation above the mean. All control variables are held constant at their means. The results are graphically presented in <ref type="figure" coords="23,332.61,541.79,38.00,8.76">Figure 2</ref>. We also simulated the degree of uncertainty: each vertical bar indicates the 95 percent confidence interval of the estimated probability (for the first two dependent variables) and the expected value (for the third dependent variable).80 and statistically significant in most models. As in our main models, however, the magnitudes of the effects are small.</p><p>Second, to show that our findings do not depend on the particular set of countries included in the Gallup surveys, we estimated our models using an expanded data set and a method of multiple imputation.82 Applying this method is suitable in our study, because it is only our key independent variable that has limited cross-national coverage: all three dependent variables and eleven control variables do not have missing values in most countries in the world. Analysis using the 189 countries for which we have data for all three dependent variables shows that the effect of opinion remains positive and significant in all three models with control variables.83 <ref type="bibr" coords="26,86.50,603.40,7.88,6.29">81</ref> In some of these additional models for robustness tests, a few covariates were dropped due to data problems (for example, multicollinearity with others). The selection of control variables, however, does not affect our conclusions.</p><p>82 For example, see <ref type="bibr" coords="26,159.25,629.92,41.80,6.29" target="#b33">Rubin 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="26,203.92,629.92,62.93,6.29;26,86.46,639.34,7.76,6.19">and Schafer 1997. 83</ref>   <ref type="bibr" coords="27,90.73,611.92,150.00,6.29">84 Berinsky 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,247.46,611.92,95.72,6.29;27,90.50,621.22,18.24,6.19">Zaller 1992. 85</ref> We prefer to use our data, which are based measurement error. By using the three surveys, because each survey was not conducted in exac countries make decisions on is mated effect of public opinion and robust if a specific foreign lics, as we hypothesized. Foreign the attitudes of their own publ whether to send troops into h cant public concern or opposit We acknowledge that while o of issues, the period of investig to make a general claim that f tant for the US. In fact, our an consequences only when issues among foreign publics extens does not examine the time fram fects. Additional empirical stu using other policy variables are power process connecting coun public opinion, and foreign po lays the foundation for such fu Three decades ago, Keohane international relations that id a significant source of power we would argue that military global terrorism issue-area, it s the outer bounds of the utility war in Afghanistan in 2001. E polar preponderance in military exercising control over outcome Our analysis here is timely, seems to have placed greater e cessor and to have been more for the US globally.91 Our pr for the US to influence percept well as the constraints and limi evidence for the next necessary international public opinion o study suggests not only that so <ref type="bibr" coords="29,87.50,604.39,101.37,5.90">89 Goldsmith and Horiuchi 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="29,188.87,604.39,3.16,5.90;29,87.64,613.80,87.22,6.50">. 90 Keohane and Nye 1977</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="29,174.87,613.80,3.49,6.50;29,87.38,622.27,55.36,5.90">. 91 Knowlton 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="29,142.74,622.27,3.16,5.90;29,87.67,632.48,112.93,6.57">. 92 Goldsmith and Horiuchi 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="29,206.96,632.48,144.07,6.57" target="#b13">Goldsmith, Horiuchi, and Inoguchi 2005.</ref> </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="9,220.12,371.96,32.85,7.43;9,132.01,383.93,210.29,7.81"><head>Figure 1 Issue</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Salience Measured by Number of Articles4 aData represent the total number of articles per month based on a search of the Factiva database (http://global.factiva.com) in the following sources: "Major News and Business Publications"</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="10,75.32,271.07,397.17,8.76;10,75.08,284.27,390.49,8.76;10,74.99,297.12,354.69,8.57"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>from June 2002 to May 2003: Voice of the People September 2002, Gallup International Iraq Poll 2003, and Gallup International Post-War Iraq Poll 2003. 28 For each country, we take the average of these surveys.29</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="10,86.39,428.44,381.92,6.11;10,74.61,437.00,393.40,6.57;10,74.61,446.12,394.26,6.57;10,75.07,455.15,393.72,6.52;10,74.42,464.62,394.45,6.19;10,74.83,473.44,386.37,6.29;10,74.90,482.74,392.45,6.19;10,74.94,491.52,397.23,6.50;10,74.71,500.80,389.28,6.29;10,74.83,509.51,394.12,6.52;10,75.31,518.63,393.34,6.52;10,74.83,527.68,393.81,6.29;10,74.78,535.78,82.43,6.19;10,86.52,546.07,373.48,5.90;10,74.95,554.80,285.17,6.29"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>28 We obtained aggregated data for the Voice of the People survey from Professor Takashi Inoguchi, University of Niigata Prefecture (Japan). The aggregated data for the 2003 Iraq Poll and Post-Wa Iraq Poll are available from the Gallup International Web site, at http://www.gallup-internationa .com. Details regarding the methodology of each survey in each country, which we summarize be low, are also available there. The Voice of the People September 2002 poll covers thirty-seven countries (including the US) with a combined non-US sample size of 27,218, with field dates from June 25 to September 1, 2002, varying by country. The Gallup International Iraq Poll 2003 covers forty countries (including the US) with a combined non-US sample size of 28,783, with field dates from January 9 to 29, 2003, varying by country. The Gallup International Post-War Iraq Poll 2003 covers forty-five countries (including the US) with a combined non-US sample size of 34,014, field dates from Apri 14 to May 8, 2003, varying by country. In most countries, samples are drawn nationally and ques tions are asked through face-to-face (mainly less developed countries) or telephone (mainly developed countries) interviews. 29 As a robustness check, we also estimated models using only the Voice of the People September 2002 and Gallup International Iraq Poll 2003. See the results section for details.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="20,189.65,108.16,174.15,8.00;20,181.62,126.61,232.10,9.23;20,179.74,137.87,209.80,8.76;20,78.53,148.86,310.92,9.33;20,83.98,164.09,300.31,6.95;20,82.00,175.33,304.11,6.67;20,82.30,186.22,302.26,6.88;20,84.07,198.35,300.13,8.76;20,82.12,208.49,302.29,6.95;20,80.04,220.33,304.36,9.23;20,82.74,231.71,301.59,8.76;20,82.12,241.81,302.54,6.67;20,83.03,253.79,301.42,8.76;20,81.67,263.86,304.27,6.88;20,82.93,275.87,303.87,8.76;20,82.89,286.09,301.89,6.67;20,84.40,297.95,300.05,8.76;20,83.83,308.14,301.09,6.88;20,83.77,319.33,301.14,6.67;20,84.04,330.49,300.86,6.67;20,84.33,341.53,303.23,6.67;20,84.50,352.57,300.53,6.67;20,83.75,364.21,301.00,9.23;20,84.07,374.77,300.95,6.67;20,83.25,385.81,301.78,6.67;20,83.60,396.85,301.54,6.67;20,82.83,407.74,302.21,6.88;20,83.94,419.87,300.75,8.76;20,83.96,430.06,301.19,6.88;20,85.39,441.13,299.76,6.67;20,82.64,452.89,302.23,9.23;20,80.41,464.27,304.40,8.76;20,83.83,474.49,301.43,6.67;20,81.81,493.57,303.57,6.67;20,81.73,504.59,303.14,6.52;20,88.95,525.02,391.42,6.14;20,81.09,534.70,396.48,6.19;20,80.99,544.72,392.68,6.11;20,81.20,554.56,387.39,6.29;21,81.33,124.33,388.55,9.23;21,81.33,137.53,387.20,9.23;21,80.80,150.83,390.41,8.76;21,81.20,163.38,379.13,9.33;21,80.56,176.99,390.31,8.76;21,81.09,189.85,395.93,9.23;21,80.72,202.74,390.12,9.33;21,73.80,213.36,46.21,8.57;21,85.81,229.21,296.50,9.23;21,74.40,241.97,304.57,9.53;21,74.50,255.66,307.02,9.16;21,74.51,268.37,305.50,9.18;21,74.09,281.46,301.54,9.33;21,73.87,295.07,289.09,8.76"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>two variables expected to have strong correlations with the first two dependent variables (troops in Iraq and bias) and possible correlation with the other (UN voting). Troops in Afghanistan is a dummy variable measuring whether or not a country had troops in Afghanistan in 2002.70 ICC member is a dummy variable indicating whether or not a country is an ICC member as of the end of 2002.71</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="21,85.36,605.78,200.21,6.14;21,85.36,615.14,294.10,6.14;21,73.14,624.58,304.55,6.19;21,73.42,632.44,250.90,6.29;22,78.61,112.02,398.03,9.33;22,79.49,124.85,399.91,9.53;22,79.41,138.31,399.86,9.15;22,79.66,151.03,388.91,9.16;22,80.21,163.97,384.73,9.53;22,79.81,177.30,394.71,9.33;22,80.53,191.15,391.09,8.76;22,79.92,203.57,388.70,9.18;22,79.92,216.77,397.15,9.18;22,79.09,230.27,318.50,8.76;22,91.41,242.95,371.55,9.15;22,79.91,255.90,390.29,9.16;22,79.81,269.63,396.35,8.76;22,79.57,282.83,382.75,8.76;22,80.20,295.21,388.40,9.23;22,79.72,308.65,402.92,9.23;22,79.57,322.19,394.21,8.76;22,79.73,333.17,398.79,9.53;22,79.57,348.11,390.15,8.76;22,80.05,360.66,315.16,9.33"><head>71</head><label></label><figDesc>The data source is http://www.icc-cpl.int/asp/statesparties.html.72  We also think that the observed variable for troop commitment in Afghanistan (as of 2002) may be a proxy for the expected variable for troop commitment in Iraq (that is, an expectation about deci-sions in 2003, formed in 2002), which should be correlated with our causal variable. Alliance portfolio measures the common between the US and each country, as of gnorino and Ritter and widely used in qu tional relations as a measure of common alliance indicator, NATO , is a dummy North Atlantic Treaty Organization as o US military aid measure the per capita am nomic aid to each country in 2002.74 Tr of the total amount of trade (export and by each country's GDP (in 2002).75 The remaining variables are reasonable cal, cultural, and historical relationships ships) with the US. GDP per capita is the n in 2002.76 Democracy score is the sum of and civil liberties, for 2002) published a Muslim population is the ratio of Muslim fore 2002.78 Europe is a dummy variable f which include the so-called EU 15 (mem pean Union prior to the accession of ten c 2004), Norway, and Switzerland.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6" coords="23,75.17,202.56,362.60,8.57;23,75.97,215.15,358.58,8.76;23,75.51,227.94,364.45,9.33;23,75.73,241.31,254.79,8.76"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>pendent variables ( Sent troops to Iraq in 2003 and BIA entered into force in 2003 ) are dichotomous, we estimate the coefficients based on probit regressions. The effects on the third dependent variable (UN voting with US in 2003) are estimated by OLS regressions.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,75.30,536.99,373.32,67.80"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>A Refined Theory of Soft PowerNye draws on the ideas of Bachrach and Baratz to develop his soft power framework, focusing in particular on their "second face of power."12 This refers to "the practice of limiting the scope of actual decision-It is important to point out ships between the latent soft power currencie strong affinity for US values, such as respect fo policy that is believed to be inconsistent with tion system at Guantanamo Bay. While such iss the scope of this article.IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 559Countries, perhaps especially major po relatively enduring general images in th world.18 Each new issue on the global po tainly be interpreted in light of such pree however, considerable scope for time-s variation regarding the extent to which, a shape views on each new issue. A case in difficulty the US had convincing its nato cept intermediate range nuclear missiles o 1980s and to remove them later on in that</figDesc><table coords="4,75.78,596.03,371.91,8.76">making to 'safe' issues by manipulating the dominant community values, 
myths, and political institutions 
neglect one whole 'face' of powe 
tion of agenda setting at the stru 
tions. With this foundation, it is 
for soft power emphasizes cultur 
By stressing general factors th 
however, we feel that Nye fails 

ing when soft power affects inte 
"[w]hether that attraction in tur 
to be judged in particular cases."1 
to be judged. This leaves the cau 
as their empirical implications, u 
tion of what the relative import 

for any given foreign policy ou 

from Nye's own writing is indica 
are more popular in Britain, Fr 
years ago," he finds that US po 

they did 20 years prior.16 Is this 
thesis, or does it contradict it? In 
the theory might be tested. 
We argue that it is the public 
rather than underlying public a 
shaping international outcomes. F 

decision makers today care abo 

specific foreign policy choices, su 

rather than the popularity of N 

of Rights, or opinions about the 
tions, and (past) policies -the f 
portant latent or underlying fac 
role in how views about current 
own are relatively indeterminate 

13 Bachrach and Baratz 1963, 632. 

14 For example, see Nye 2004, 15. Entman 

is similar to Nyes framework in its emphasis 
include the congruence of the target country's 
news media system. 
15 Nye 2004, 60. 
16 Nye 2004, 128. 
17 Nye 2004, 31. </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,79.05,309.28,408.07,328.13"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 561most evident when the issue at stake is salient for those countries.</figDesc><table coords="7,79.05,309.28,408.07,328.13">prefer them to.23 

Hypothesis 1. Public opinion a 

countries affects the foreign polici 

It is important to emphasize 

views to views on specific issues 
tion would dilute our ability to 

argument rests on the expect 

country B toward country A w 
B's relations with country A. Th 

positive or negative assessmen 

have direct relevance for foreig 

While general orientation tow 
relevant causal variable in our 

magnitude of its effect may be 
fined expectation emerging from 

salience or importance to key 
mass public -will be more susce 

Hypothesis 2. The effect of publ 

in other countries on foreign polic 

22 We developed testable hypotheses regard 

opinion, elsewhere (Goldsmith and Horiuch 

23 We do not necessarily assume that only 
cerned with support among the mass public. 
effect of public opinion interacted with regi 
no significant effect, although we are cautio 
observations. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="11,81.44,348.59,398.09,113.07"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Iraq. As we argued in the previo general effects across issue-area definitions are not suitable for e more, even if there existed thre it would be difficult to test our pendent variable. Methodologica lent dependent variables (nedv) d ing the same variable to predict we can be more confident about</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="12,76.33,230.03,404.04,410.94"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>The first dependent variable ( Sent troop if a country sent troops to Iraq by the en Most countries that had sent troops to end of 2003. 36 For this reason, we focus o of 2003. The focus on this period is als "latecomers," such as Japan, are likely in that are consequences of the postwar situa if we expand our period of investigation would also need to model the decisions of from Iraq, which began to happen in Febr Clearly, whether to send troops to Ira the most important, decision for many co our study. In 2002, US president George Union address to Congress, pointed to Ir Korea, as part of an "axis of evil" and st unfettered inspections for weapons of ma other top members of his administration of the willing" to stand against Iraq.39 Pol wide and news media focused on issues a 34 Erikson, MacKuen, and Stimson 2002; Berinsky 2009 35 The data were collected and cross-checked using several military/ ops/iraq_orbat_coalition.htm; http://geocities.eo www.mod.uk/DefenceInternet/FactSheets/OperationsFac .htm; http://www.mil.gov.ua/index.php?part=peacekeep pfalconer/; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multinational_forc 36 Tago 2009. 37 Methodologically, these factors can be influenced by bo ables and thus difficult to deal with. Note that variables th causal variable must be dropped to avoid posttreatment b 38 Although it is worth examining how non-US public withdrawal decisions (and/or decisions to shift troops fr time-series or event-history analysis would be difficult fo portantly, we have only limited data for time-series or even opinion on policy decisions; sufficient data of that type wou with regularity (for example, monthly or at least yearly) in a 39 For example, see Dao 2002; Kessler and Graham 2003 US intentions. When foreign highly salient and well-known dependence and strengthening t tional close ties with its NATO of $26 billion promised by the other facilities. Despite this s support for the US, however, t trajectories: while Bulgaria wa to send troops to Iraq, the Turk US-led war was overruled by a by public opinion.42 In Bulgaria, 15 percent of Bulg fect of US foreign policy on t tive views in the September 20 While there were protests in Party leader spoke out against B Bulgarians professed neutrality 40 We note that Keohane and Katzenstein analysis of opinion about the US and countri willing" as reported by the US. However, inc step of troop commitments (as opposed to f always even imply the country's actual cons the case of Turkey. Thus, the foreign policy tries on their list, and this might help explain 41 Vassilev 2006. there of as many as forty thousand Turki positions and initial agreements between parliamentarians "received [from the ge of text messages: 'Say No to War.'"47 Fi Turkish Grand National Assembly (tgna and much of the world when it refused to decision to permit the United States to northern front as part of the US intervent islators, constitutionally required to app ence, "ultimately chose to listen to the voi to that of the government leadership."49</figDesc><table coords="13,78.14,137.39,405.48,502.59">portant matter of consideration 
variable to have a large, positive 
pendent variable.40 
Evidence from previously publ 

port for our expectations abou 
foreign policy on countries' ch 
For example, consider the cas 

both countries had strong strat 
and publicly expressed their pre 
ship hoped that participation 
US support for its admission in 
hoped for a key role in determi 

especially regarding preventin 

42 Kesgin and Kaarbo 2010; Vassilev 2006. 
43 Vassilev (2006, 468) characterizes Bulgari 
the war, but he does not take a comparative 
the median in the positive views of US forei 
44 Those include respondents who thought 
who refused to answer, or who chose the " 
IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 567 

rather than strong opposition to Bulgarian 

protests were relatively muted and only 
the streets."45 In February 2003, the Bu 

participation in Iraq by a vote of 165 to 0, 
Socialist Party.46 

By contrast, in Turkey, while the perc 
tive views was similar (14 percent), a mu 
percent) expressed negative attitudes. In 
requests, the US offered a large financia 
ish involvement in Northern Iraq, includ 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="14,87.74,596.66,330.56,41.08"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>and the US entered into force The Rome Statute establishin July 1998, and it entered into July 2002.52 The Statute includ "The Court may not proceed wi require the requested State to a der international agreements pu ing State is required to surrend unless the Court can first obt for the giving of consent for Bush explicitly repudiated any on Article 98, began negotiati with ICC members and nonme surrendered to the ICC from th sure from the US could be inten as well as a range of country-sp The agreements began enterin five such agreements were con half (fifty-four) of these count a short period from May to Dec http://www.ll.georgetown.edu/guides/article_98.cfm. 55 Four agreements entered into force before May 2003 (Uzbekistan, Tuvalu, Egypt, and Gabon), but these countries are not included in Gallup International surveys. military forces, civilian personnel and pr active in peacekeeping and humanitarian countries. Article 98 Agreements . . . allo main engaged internationally with our fri Kelley's four brief case studies provide s Costa Rica, where a local judge was nomi there evidence of strong domestic opposition public.60 A former Costa Rican diplomat tion resulted in public displays of joy and port for human rights. . . . Given that the p president could not afford to cause another is less evidence of public opinion as an im matters deemed to be of most i relate to the State Department's State Department issues a repo "important votes" and how the these items. For the 58th UNGA These included resolutions on th of Palestinians, Israeli occupied human rights practices in the ing in South Asia, the UN regis ing, rights of children, democr rights, human rights in Turkm rights in the Democratic Repub To perhaps a greater extent ments, we expect that the imp cisions is small, if not nil. Kn for the U.S., policymakers in their decisions at unga are cons nationals toward US foreign p symbolic, are less likely to be s 62 Kelley 2007, 583-86. It should be noted th the US on whether a country signs a BIA ba ported result also forms a considerable part conclusion that anti-American sentiments h question Kelley addresses is more limited tha whether a country that has become a party t 63 http://www.un.org/Depts/dhl/resguide/ga 64 http://www.state.g0v/p/i0/rls/rpt/. The U for the Second Committee, A/Dec/58/554" unavailable from the UN database. Thus, the IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 571Nevertheless, at the extremes of the dat possible causal effect. Russian public opi took a strong negative turn in reaction to U Yugoslavia in the 1990s, well prior to the t "resulted in considerable domestic pressure to take more anti-American foreign pol Assembly voting, as Voeten notes, "[t]he is virtually flat until 1994 when it accel States at a rapid pace."66 Albanian opinion contrast, was strongly boosted by the US "particularly after the US-led Kosovo cam Albanian Kosovars. Thus "every governm policy toward the United States based on widespread positive feeling of the Alban States."67 Albania is the Muslim majority est consistency in its 2003 unga voting rec Tables 1 and 2 provide a list of the fifty and the values of our independent and dep cludes the twenty-nine countries with bel about US foreign policy , whileTable 2inc tries above the median. The average of Opi is -0.36 for the bottom twenty-nine and 0 Overall, from mid-2002 to mid-2003, gl foreign policy was more negative than posSimple comparison of our dependent v groups suggests the plausibility of our bottom twenty-nine countries, only 21 2003, but this goes up sharply to 55 per nine countries. Second, among the botto percent had a BLA in effect with the US this triples, to 31 percent, among the top more favorable public opinion about US percentage of UNGA votes consistent with same between the two groups, 52 percent and 51 percent for the top twenty-nine. I that the effect of public opinion on foreig if the issue at stake is important and relev</figDesc><table coords="14,87.74,596.66,330.56,41.08">77. 
47 Kesgin and Kaarbo 2010, 27, 30. 
48 Kesgin and Kaarbo 2010, 19. 
49 Gozen, quoted in Kesgin and Kaarbo 2010, 32. 

50 O'Connor and Vucetic 2010. 
Before Canadian prime ministe 
ticipation in Iraq, his defense m 

that Canadian troops might p 

tralia, O'Connor and Vucetic arg 
war, and the particularly low lev 

crucial to Chrétiens decision n 

The Australian government clea 

war as sizeable, but not politi 

other hand, public sentiment w 
likely to have had a direct impac 

Our second dependent variabl 
coded 1 if a so-called Article 9 
The US rationale for Article 
Department spokesman Richa 

51 O'Connor and Vucetic 2010, 531, 533-3 
52 As of 2011, there are 115 states that are 

ASP/states+oarties/. 

53 Johansen 2006; Kelley 2007. 
54 American citizens with essential protection 
International Criminal Court, particularly ag 
investigations and prosecutions." 
Although it is a potentially important deci 

ment to enter into such an agreement wi 
foreign publics are less aware of this issue 
much about it. Boduszyñski and Balalovsk 
ies of the issue in Croatia and Macedon 

debate was highly politicized due to pressu 
and from the European Union not to sign 
only one factor among several figuring in 
example, in addition to the importance of 
aid, Macedonia's decision to sign a bia app 

the fact that "the United States enjoys espec 
ethnic Albanians, who have significant influ 

government."58 Boduszyñski and Balalovsk 

cision not to sign was also taken with some 
lic opinion: "although NATO (and the funds 
to join the organization) remained an import 

Croatia, the EU is more popular in Croat 
2003] public opinion research, 78 percent 
supports EU membership, whereas only 58 
cession . . . [and] dissatisfaction with the Un 
in Croatian public opinion for myriad reason 

57 Boduszyñski and Balalovska 2004. 
58 Boduszyñski and Balalovska 2004, 21. 
59 Boduszyñski and Balalovska 2004, 25. 
60 Kelley 2007, 584-85. 
61 Quoted in Kelley 2007, 584-85. 
decisions of Australia, Botswan 
a "domestic reaction" among new 
but anticipation of this did no 
BIA, nor did it cause a policy re 
sition politicians and NGOs spok 

appeared driven more by lega 

its eventual refusal to sign.62 In 
salient or entail serious potentia 
Therefore, we expect that opin 

relatively small effect, if any, o 
The final variable (UN voting w 
"important" UN resolutions in 2 
try and the US are the same.63 

track the voting behavior of u 

65 Voeten 2004, 733; McFaul 1997. 
66 Voeten 2004, 742. 
67 Binai 2004, 75. 

68 Bosnia Herzegovina is only 48 percent Muslim but als 

Albania. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="19,77.20,94.52,314.61,62.91"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Observations, below the Median of Causal Variable4Opinion Sent Troops BIA Entered UN Voting about US to Iraq into Force withUS  County Foreign Policy in 2003 </figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="22,74.91,544.96,348.99,32.93"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>75 The data source is the International Monetary Fund's Data and Statistics Web site. At http:// www.imf.ore/external/data.htm. The unit (for exports, imports, and GDP) is current US dollars. 76 The data source is the World Banks World Development Indicators (wdi) Online. At http:// publications.worldbank.org/WDI/. The unit is constant 2005 international dollars in ppp.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="24,77.83,89.24,400.24,528.82"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Marginal Effects a Each panel shows how much each dependent variable would change if the causal variable (Opinion about US foreign policy) changed from -1 standard deviation from the mean to +1 standard deviation from the mean when all the other variables are held constant at their means. For our causa variable ( Opinion about US foreign policy ), we use the average ratios (positive and negative) for the survey item "Generally, do you think American foreign policy has a positive effect on &lt;your country &gt;, a negative effect or does American foreign policy have no effect on &lt;your country &gt;?" in surveysconducted by Gallup International from June 2002 to May 2003. Each vertical bar indicates the 95 percent confidence interval of estimated probability (P) or expected value (E).the effects of public opinion on foreign tance of policy issues for publics. The p to Iraq increases dramatically from 0.2 Opinion about US foreign policy changes standard deviation from the mean. Alth two variables are positive and significan tion suggests that they are small. The pro Through four additional analyses, we demonstrate that these results are robust to three potential sources of bias -sampling bias, selection bias, and omitted variable bias.81First, we address an issue of potential sampling bias. We add a dummy variable for countries not using national samples. Since countries using urban samples tend to be developing countries, and since we control for GDP per capita, we expect that adding this control will not change coefficient estimates substantially. The results of this robustness check are consistent with our expectations. The effect of public opinion about the US on whether a country sent troops to Iraq in 2003 is always positive and statistically significant. Marginal effects are substantially large. The effects on the other two variables are always positive,</figDesc><table coords="24,77.83,470.89,400.24,147.17">Pseudo R2 0.099 0.756 0.129 0.671 

F-statistic 
0.05 
43.91 

R2 
0.001 
0.858 

Root 
MSE 
19.218 
8.092** 

"/&gt;&lt;0.01, 
* 
/&gt;&lt;0.05 

aThe 
number 
of 
observations 
is 

use 
the 
average 
ratios 
(positive 
a 

foreign 
policy 
has 
a 
positive 
eff 

policy 
have 
no 
effect 
on 
&lt;your 
c 

2002 
to 
May 
2003. 
Models 
1-4 
a 

on 
OLS 
regression. 
The 
NATO 
an 

that 
put 
Article 
98 
into 
force 
a 

ratio 
in 
Tables 
1 
and 
2) 
is 
multip 
estimates. 
The 
robust 
standard 
e 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="26,97.03,639.34,129.63,6.19"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>See fn. 30 regarding selection issues. The third set of robustness tests that policy elites may attempt important policy decision is pu Given that the unannounced inte BIA, and/or vote with the US in ficult to measure with validity), omitted variable bias is challeng by conducting two additional rob In one test, we drop data for th our analysis.85 Specifically, we r Voice of the People Survey (Ju Poll (January 2003). These preda began publicly asking for troop c May 2003, the point from whic were made) but also the initi troops from three US partners predate US secretary of state C Council in February 2003, in wh WMD program. At that point, uncertainty about what the time cur and which countries might jo that surveys taken from June 20 causal variable well prior to our o that participated in the original The results show that the effec on Sent troops to Iraq in 2003 an tive and significant at the 1 pe other variables. The marginal eff pected. The longer the gap betw and when foreign policy decisio strength of their association. The is positive but not significant. Th argue that the effects of public issues (hypothesis 2). The final robustness test to de ted variable bias is to use instrum related with the causal variable</figDesc><table></table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="10">For example,Erikson, MacKuen, and Stimson 2002; Stimson 2004.  11  Exceptions are Jacobs and Page 2005; and Sobel 2001. 12 Nye 2004, 150n5. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 558 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="18"><ref type="bibr" coords="6,99.05,558.94,74.36,6.19" target="#b15">Isernia, Juhász, and</ref> Ratinger 2002.  19 Eichenberer 1989; Eichenberg 1993.   20  In this article, given the limited availability of cross-national data of elite opinion, we deal only with mass public opinion. It would be interesting to consider preferences of elite factions, as well as the interaction between mass and elite views, and we note the contributions of Gourevitch 1978 and Risse-Kappen 1991 as possible starting points for further work here.21 For example, political leaders might make statements in response to the foreign message, attempting to spin or frame the issue for the mass public. The political context of the target state is important here, including the role of the news media, as Entman 2008 points out regarding public diplomacy.This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="26">Whether this is due to the effects of media agenda setti media following public preferences (Tahk et al. 2009), or to ex tion, but one not relevant for our purposes of demonstrating This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 562 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 564 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 566 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 568 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="56">http://www.state.gOv/r/pa/ prs/ ps/2005/ 45573 .htm. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 570 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 574 WORLD POLITICS A closer look at these tables, h</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 576 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="79">We use such underlying attitudinal variables as instrumental variables in a robustness test. 80 To estimate uncertainty, we use a stochastic simulation technique (King, Tomz, and Wittenberg 2000). This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="580">WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="86">We run standard two-stage least square (2sls) regressions for all the three dependent variables. An alternative model for Sent troops to Iraq in 2003 and BIA entered into force in 2003 is to use instruments in Probit regressions. We, however, prefer to use 2SLS because it is easier to conduct comprehensive specification tests after running 2sls regressions, and because instrumental-variable Probit regressions do not always converge to produce coefficient estimates. In one model, which produced estimates while using as many control variables as possible (specifically, Troops in Afghanistan , ICC member y Alliance portfolio, US economic aid, trade with US, and Europe ), the Wald test of instruments suggests that we fail to reject the null hypothesis of exogeneity. Therefore, we do not need to be overly concerned about endogeneity. (Note that in this model, the effect of Opinion about US foreign policy on Sent troops to Iraq in 2003 is still significantly positive at the 5 percent level and the instruments are highly significant at the 1 percent level.) 87 The results of overidentification tests suggest that instruments are valid, while the results of endogeneity tests suggest that we do not need to treat Opinion about US foreign policy as an endogenous variable, in the first place.88 Only twenty-five countries are included in both the Pew study and at least one of the three surveys in our dataset.This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 582 WORLD POLITICS</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on Tue, 06 Aug 2019 19:43:26 UTC All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms 584 WORLD POLITICS</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 581 whose effects on the dependent variable o variable.86 Consistent with our theoreti measures of general favorability towards t able or unfavorable view of the US?" and unfavorable view of the American peop conducted by the Pew Research Center (Pew) before the war in Iraq began (Sum We expect these instruments (specifical dents saying "favorable" minus the perc "unfavorable") to have strong correlations it is difficult to imagine that the foreig able attitudes toward the US and the Am </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusions</head><p>Our regression analyses are solidly consistent with our arguments. Public opinion about US foreign policy indeed appears to matter when IN SEARCH OF SOFT POWER 583 leaders or a catchy phrase for pundits but tions for international relations.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="24,180.82,148.67,196.68,8.76" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">Iraq in 2003 Force in 2003 US in</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,379.25,429.61,12.02,6.67;24,161.15,440.95,226.65,8.47" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">*</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>0.20. 13.44] [0.21. 7.98. 2.69] [29.02</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,209.89,155.08,52.29,8.00;30,75.13,174.40,375.52,8.00;30,87.13,185.44,198.72,8.00;30,89.13,207.52,325.10,8.00" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Two Faces of Power</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">References</forename><surname>Bachrach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Morton</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Peter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Baratz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="632" to="674" />
			<date type="published" when="1962" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>can Political Science Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.00,220.13,393.82,7.81;30,86.53,231.00,381.75,7.71" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adam</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Berinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Time of War: Understandin from World War II to Iraq</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago, 111</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.54,241.56,390.80,8.57;30,89.56,252.35,383.87,8.76;30,89.54,263.64,380.68,8.57;30,89.80,273.47,375.34,8.76" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Analysis of United Stat lations in Light of the War on Terrorism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dhimiter</forename><surname>Binaj</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mast Postgraduate School</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.25,286.00,391.17,8.00;30,89.49,297.52,379.63,8.00;30,89.25,307.12,245.07,8.00" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">2 a Hard Place: Croatia, Macedonia, and the Battle over Post-Communism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mieczyslaw</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Boduszyňski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristina</forename><surname>Balalovska</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="18" to="30" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.49,319.60,393.58,8.00;30,88.16,329.57,381.49,7.81;30,77.55,341.27,395.18,8.40;30,89.13,352.60,384.10,8.00;30,88.16,363.41,117.19,7.81" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Quasi-Exper Analysis Issues for Field Settings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://globJanuary6" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">New York Times</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Several Nations Weigh U.S. Reque Iraq</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.25,374.56,387.04,8.00;30,89.12,385.49,374.81,7.81" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Decline of Americas Nations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Monti</forename><surname>Datta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Narayan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.55,396.47,397.01,8.40;30,89.37,408.04,381.16,8.00;30,89.13,418.96,382.65,8.00;30,89.25,430.12,382.87,8.00;30,89.25,440.92,149.29,8.00" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">When Does Anti-America titudes towards the United States and Participation i presented at the annual meeting of the Western Poli Vancouver, B.C., Canada</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicolas</forename><surname>Dragojlovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.ap317011_index.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-03-19" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,77.36,452.69,390.77,7.81;30,89.48,463.25,306.76,7.81" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Public Opinion and Nation rope</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Eichenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<publisher>Cornell University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Ithaca, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,90.88,484.84,382.85,8.00;30,90.38,497.04,387.83,7.71;30,90.50,506.76,314.72,7.71" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">In</forename><surname>Peter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harold</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">International Bargaining lif</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,79.65,518.40,396.50,8.57;30,90.74,528.84,380.31,7.71" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Theorizing M Case</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Entman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Press/Polit</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,79.82,539.39,400.15,8.76;30,90.64,551.20,384.17,8.00;30,79.00,562.48,393.86,8.00;30,91.00,573.76,386.65,8.00;30,87.12,582.09,28.30,7.24" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">MacKuen Macro Polity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Erikson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Michael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge Goldsmith, Benjamin E., and Yusaku Horiu Public Diplomacy and Foreign Public Opin</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="863" to="75" />
			<pubPlace>New York, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,75.34,595.48,351.13,8.00;30,87.31,606.19,348.91,8.47;30,86.54,616.98,274.34,7.28" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">American Foreign Policy and Global Public Opinion: Who Supported the War in Afghanistan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Goldsmith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yusaku</forename><surname>Horiuchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Inoguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">/&lt;? z/r«#/ of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="408" to="437" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,75.22,628.24,352.39,8.00;30,87.10,639.52,288.57,8.00" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Second Image Reversed: The International Sources of Domestic Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Gourevitch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="881" to="912" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,80.92,111.53,394.76,7.81;31,93.05,122.76,385.54,7.71;31,93.68,132.23,192.57,8.40" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierangelo</forename><surname>Isernia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zoltán</forename><surname>Juhász</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">an the Rational Public in Comparative P</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="225" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,80.16,144.64,395.04,8.00;31,93.04,154.61,367.52,7.81" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Jacobs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Policy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,81.48,166.72,391.97,8.00;31,92.92,177.89,381.56,7.81;31,93.60,187.84,380.65,8.00" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><surname>Kelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Who Keeps In International Criminal Court and Bi ican Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,81.48,199.96,392.10,8.00;31,93.24,210.40,378.37,8.00;31,92.28,221.92,382.60,8.00;31,87.71,231.08,33.86,7.43" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Keohane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ka Of Anti-Americanism</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">In Peter J Anti-Americanisms in World Politi</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="273" to="305" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.36,244.49,363.23,7.81;31,88.08,253.84,93.17,8.00" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Power and Interdependence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Keohane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
			<pubPlace>Boston, Mass; Little, Brown</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.56,266.32,352.24,8.00;31,88.32,277.48,352.85,8.00;31,88.00,288.17,112.22,7.81" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When and How Parliaments Influence Foreign Policy: The Case of Turkey&apos;s Iraq Decision</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Baris</forename><surname>Kesgin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Juliet</forename><surname>Kaarbo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.82,299.16,365.73,8.57;31,88.20,311.04,352.87,7.71;31,88.72,321.65,138.84,7.81" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">U.S. Coalition for War Has Few Partners, Troop Pledges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Glenn</forename><surname>Kessler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bradley</forename><surname>Graham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://global.factiva.com" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Washington Post</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003-01-25" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.68,332.92,353.00,8.00;31,88.80,343.84,341.18,8.00;31,86.76,354.60,168.21,7.71" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making the Most of Statistical Analyses: Improving Interpretation and Presentation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Tomz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><surname>Wittenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.88,365.62,364.40,8.42;31,87.83,376.64,308.76,7.43" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Global Views of US Helped by Obama, Survey Says</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><surname>Knowlton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.nytimes.com/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">New York Times . At</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-07-24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.44,388.12,355.38,8.00;31,88.56,399.28,340.34,8.00;31,88.18,408.20,53.32,7.43" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gay Rights in the States: Public Opinion and Policy Responsiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lax</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justin</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Philips</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="367" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.43,421.12,337.10,8.00;31,88.31,432.52,329.65,8.00;31,88.23,443.81,221.74,7.81" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">U.S. Asks Allies for Iraq War Support; 50 Nations Queried on Participation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vernon</forename><surname>Loeb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ricks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://global.factiva.com" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Washington Post. November. At</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002-01-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.37,454.19,352.40,8.40;31,88.43,465.28,278.34,8.00" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Agenda-Setting Function of Mass Media</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maxwell</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mccombs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Opinion Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="176" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.19,476.56,341.62,8.00;31,88.59,487.25,265.76,7.81" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Precarious Peace: Domestic Politics in the Making of Russian Foreign Policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Mcfaul</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Security</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,76.19,498.84,352.15,7.71;31,88.07,508.48,102.96,7.99;31,89.95,529.28,90.42,7.43" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bound to Lead: The Changing Nature of American Power</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Basic Books. Public Affairs</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,78.75,541.99,386.45,8.47;31,90.11,553.31,378.18,8.40;31,90.10,564.39,383.60,7.66" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Another Why Australia Said &apos;Yes&apos; and Canada Said &apos;Norí to</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brendon</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;connor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Srdjan</forename><surname>Vucetic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Invol Iraq War ^ Australian Journal of International Affairs</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,78.32,575.32,386.64,8.00;31,90.44,585.52,380.92,8.00" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diplomacy and Domestic Politics: Level Games</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Putnam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="427" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,78.56,597.52,394.46,8.00;31,90.44,608.44,379.83,8.00;31,78.56,619.36,390.47,8.00;31,90.20,630.17,384.18,7.81;31,90.25,641.88,331.61,7.71" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">1984. 1 he Consequences or Adjustment Variable That Has Been Affected by the Treatment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Risse-Kappen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journ tistical Society. Series A (General)</title>
		<editor>J Rosenbaum, Paul K.</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="656" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>World Politics. pt</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,168.77,88.57,228.09,6.67" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>In</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Of</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>POWER 585</idno>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,78.09,111.36,383.55,7.71;32,86.42,120.35,44.27,8.40" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple Imputation for N</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rubin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.75,133.60,295.90,8.00;32,86.67,143.15,116.97,8.76" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Analysis of Incomplete Multivariate Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Schafer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Chapman and Hall/CRC</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boca Raton, Fla</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.75,155.44,301.29,8.00;32,86.32,166.85,291.68,7.81;32,86.55,176.38,66.74,8.42" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tau-b or Not Tau-b: Measuring the Similarity of Foreign Policy Positions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Curtis</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Signorino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ritter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Studies Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="159" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.87,189.04,297.20,8.00;32,87.64,199.97,189.20,7.81" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Impact of Public Opinion on U.S. Foreign Policy since Vietnam</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Sobel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.99,211.24,301.03,8.00;32,86.44,221.57,199.25,7.81" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Tides of Consent: How Public Opinion Shapes American Politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stimson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.27,233.20,294.35,8.00;32,86.15,244.48,287.92,8.00;32,86.63,254.32,98.76,7.99" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When Are Democratic Friends Unreliable? The Unilateral Withdrawal of Troops from the &apos;Coalition of the Willing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Atsushi</forename><surname>Tago</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="219" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,76.52,265.92,299.69,8.57;32,86.75,277.48,283.64,8.00;32,86.75,288.64,285.72,8.00;32,86.10,300.23,12.54,6.52" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lahk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krosnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dean</forename><surname>Lacy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><surname>Lowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Do the News Media Shape How Americans Think about Politics? New Statistical Procedures Cast Light on an Old Hypothesis</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Stanford University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Manuscript</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.48,310.84,266.08,8.00;32,86.00,322.12,177.27,8.00" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public Opinion and Bulgaria s Involvement in the Iraq War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rossen</forename><surname>Vassilev</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eastern European Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="467" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.74,332.88,277.14,8.39;32,86.54,344.21,95.48,7.81" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Zaller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, N.Y.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,74.60,355.24,276.72,8.00;32,86.60,366.16,230.57,8.00" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Obama Engages the World</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Zubrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8146286.stm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-07-13" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>BBcNews Online</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
