<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Age Differences in the Association of Physical Activity, Sociocognitive Engagement, and TV Viewing on Face Memory</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heisz</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><surname>Vandermorris Baycrest</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Health</forename><surname>Sciences</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Toronto</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Canada</forename><forename type="middle">Johnny</forename><surname>Ontario</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mcintosh</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">McMaster University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Hamilton</settlement>
									<region>Ontario</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Rotman Research Institute</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Toronto</settlement>
									<region>Ontario</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">and Baycrest Health Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Rotman Research Institute</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Toronto, Toronto</settlement>
									<region>Ontario, Canada, Ontario</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Kinesiology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">McMaster University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Hamilton</settlement>
									<region>Ontario</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="institution">Rotman Research Institute</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff5">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Kinesiology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">McMaster University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1280 Main Street West</addrLine>
									<postCode>L8S 4K1</postCode>
									<settlement>Hamilton</settlement>
									<region>Ontario, Canada</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Age Differences in the Association of Physical Activity, Sociocognitive Engagement, and TV Viewing on Face Memory</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/hea0000046</idno>
					<note>BRIEF REPORT</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:02+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>cognitive function</term>
					<term>memory</term>
					<term>aging</term>
					<term>exercise</term>
					<term>lifestyle</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Objective: Physical and sociocognitive lifestyle activities promote aspects of cognitive function in older adults. Very little is known about the relation between these lifestyle activities and cognitive function in young adults. One aspect of cognitive function that is critical for everyday function is episodic memory. The present study examined the relationship between lifestyle activities and episodic memory in younger and older adults. Method: Participants were 62 younger (mean age ϭ 24 years) and older adults (mean age ϭ 74 years). The augmented Victoria Longitudinal Study Activities Questionnaire was used to quantify level of engagement in physical activity, sociocognitive activity, and TV viewing. Episodic memory was assessed using the old-new face recognition paradigm in which memory for younger and older faces was tested. Results: Compared to younger adults, older adults reported being less physically and sociocognitively active while engaging in more passive behaviors such as TV viewing. A positive association was observed between physical activity and episodic memory for young adults but not for older adults. Interestingly, TV viewing was negatively associated with episodic memory in older adults but not younger adults. No relationship was found between sociocognitive activity and episodic memory for either younger or older adults. Although the own-age effect was observed for older adults, face age did not interact with lifestyle activities. Conclusion: The positive cognitive benefits of physical activity extend to younger adults; however, the interplay between physical activity and cognition may differ across the life span. Furthermore, TV viewing may be particularly detrimental to cognitive performance later in life.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>lifestyle activities on cognition in young adults. An assumption is that young adults are performing at peak physical and cognitive levels with little room for improvement; however, a sedentary lifestyle may put young adults at risk because of evidence for the positive effects of physical activity on cognition.</p><p>For young adults, little is known about the effects of sociocognitive activities (e.g., socializing with friends, volunteering) or TV viewing on cognition, and the benefits of cognitive training on a specific task do not necessarily transfer to other cognitive domains <ref type="bibr" coords="1,306.00,598.80,72.18,8.10" target="#b21">(Owen et al., 2010)</ref>. In contrast, there is some evidence linking exercise and general cognitive function: Adolescents enrolled in three or more physical education classes per week have better academic performance <ref type="bibr" coords="1,391.87,633.92,68.36,8.10" target="#b16">(Kim &amp; So, 2012)</ref> and young adults with better physical fitness have higher IQs <ref type="bibr" coords="1,448.79,645.63,70.26,8.10">(Åberg et al., 2009)</ref>. However, few studies have examined specific aspects of cognition, although there is evidence that exercise improves episodic memory in young adults <ref type="bibr" coords="1,365.99,680.74,74.33,8.10" target="#b22">(Pereira et al., 2007)</ref>.</p><p>For older adults, the rich literature linking lifestyle activities and cognitive function is mixed. Engagement in sociocognitive activities does not necessarily protect older adults against typical age-related decline in cognitive function <ref type="bibr" coords="2,183.27,76.85,74.56,8.10" target="#b4">(Brown et al., 2012)</ref> yet less time watching TV in midlife may reduce risk of Alzheimer's disease later in life <ref type="bibr" coords="2,125.80,98.85,89.98,8.10" target="#b17">(Lindstrom et al., 2005)</ref>. Physical exercise improves processing speed, spatial processing, and executive control (i.e., the selection, planning, and coordination of complex cognitive events) for older adults <ref type="bibr" coords="2,171.23,131.85,77.01,8.10" target="#b12">(Hertzog et al., 2008)</ref>; however, little is known about the impact of physical activity and episodic memory in older adults, although the typical age-related atrophy in brain regions that mediate episodic memory (i.e., the hippocampus) is reduced, and in some cases reversed, following an aerobic exercise intervention <ref type="bibr" coords="2,126.97,186.85,80.84,8.10">(Erickson et al., 2009)</ref>.</p><p>A critical step in understanding the interplay between age, cognition, and lifestyle is to evaluate these effects simultaneously in young and older adults. Few studies have used such an approach, although at least one study failed to find exercise-related improvements in executive control for younger adults <ref type="bibr" coords="2,246.43,241.85,41.63,8.10;2,48.00,252.85,33.54,8.10">(Hillman et al., 2006)</ref>. Episodic memory represents a logical cognitive target for this purpose given evidence that physical and cognitive activities promote hippocampal neurogenesis in nonhuman animals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,48.00,285.85,162.47,8.10" target="#b25">(van Praag, Kempermann, &amp; Gage, 2000)</ref>. Interestingly, both baseline and lifestyle-related neurogenesis decline dramatically with age <ref type="bibr" coords="2,83.12,307.85,159.21,8.10" target="#b26">(Van Praag, Shubert, Zhao, &amp; Gage, 2005)</ref>, suggesting that the positive effects of an active lifestyle on episodic memory may be less potent in older than younger adults.</p><p>The ability to recognize faces is an important aspect of episodic memory function that is both dependent on hippocampal integrity and declines with age <ref type="bibr" coords="2,129.23,362.85,98.43,8.10" target="#b2">(Anastasi &amp; Rhodes, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,230.22,362.85,53.01,8.10;2,48.00,373.85,78.58,8.10" target="#b5">Burgess, Maguire, &amp; O'Keefe, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,128.61,373.85,74.22,8.10" target="#b11">Heisz &amp; Ryan, 2011)</ref>. However, older adults have better recognition memory for faces of people that belong to the same age cohort, that is, the own-age effect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,242.30,395.85,45.75,8.10;2,48.00,406.85,52.85,8.10" target="#b2">(Anastasi &amp; Rhodes, 2006)</ref>. It is unclear whether younger and older adults experience similar lifestyle-related benefits for face recognition or whether the benefits extend to recognition of all face types.</p><p>The aims of the present study were to examine whether face memory is related to an individual's engagement in lifestyle activities (physical activity, sociocognitive activity, TV viewing) and to determine whether any observed relations are age-dependent. The typical own-age effect in face memory was expected. Face memory was expected to improve with level of engagement in physical and sociocognitive activities but decline with amount of TV viewing. Given the age-related reduction in hippocampal neurogenesis, a key question was whether different relationships be-tween lifestyle and memory would be observed for younger versus older adults.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method Participants</head><p>Sixty-two healthy adults (31 younger) participated in this study. One older adult did not complete the experiment and was excluded from the analyses. <ref type="table" coords="2,372.37,177.85,26.76,8.10" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> provides a description of the participants. Vision of all the participants was normal or corrected to normal.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>The experiment took place during a 1.5-hr session. Episodic memory was tested using a face recognition paradigm. Stimuli consisted of 120 gray-scale faces (60 young, 60 old). During the study phase, faces were presented individually for 5 s each and presented one, three, or five times to obtain a range of memory performance at test. The testing phase consisted of a random selection of the studied faces plus new faces for a total of 60 faces. The participants determined, in a self-paced manner, if the current face was studied or new. After the experiment, participants completed benchmark measures of general cognitive status: Montreal Cognitive Assessment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,392.88,340.85,95.79,8.10" target="#b20">(Nasreddine et al., 2005)</ref> and American National Adult Reading Test <ref type="bibr" coords="2,414.03,351.85,82.88,8.10" target="#b3">(Blair &amp; Spreen, 1989)</ref>. Participants also completed the augmented Victoria Longitudinal Study Activities Questionnaire rating their frequency of engagement in specific lifestyle activities during the past 2 years, with the response options: 0 (never), 1 (less than once a year), 2 (about once a year), 3 (2 or 3 times a year), 4 (about once a month), 5 (2 or 3 times a month), 6 (about once a week), 7 (2 or 3 times a week), and 8 (daily) <ref type="bibr" coords="2,332.23,428.85,84.30,8.10" target="#b15">(Jopp &amp; Hertzog, 2010)</ref>. Physical activity was computed as the sum of six exercise-related questions (max score ϭ 48), including aerobics, resistance training, stretching, sport, and outdoor-activities. Sociocognitive activity was computed as the sum of 47 questions about social and cognitive activities (max score ϭ 376), including games, crafts, social private/public, religious, developmental, experiential activities, and technology use. Separate correlation analyses on the relation between social versus cognitive activities and face memory were similar to the relation between sociocognitive activities (i.e., the sum of social and cog- Note. Independent-samples t tests were used to examine age differences in education, physical activity, sociocognitive activity, and TV viewing. Physical activity (Max score ϭ 48), sociocognitive activity (Max score ϭ 376), and TV viewing (Max score ϭ 32) reflect frequency of engagement in arbitrary units. See the Method section for addition information regarding how these variables were computed. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>nitive activities) and face memory, which is detailed below, and thus these two lifestyle activities were grouped to form one variable that represents sociocognitive activities. TV viewing was computed as the sum of four questions (max score ϭ 32), including news, documentary, educational, comedy/adventure, and game shows.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Statistical Analyses</head><p>To obtain an index of face memory, responses to all faces regardless of exposure amount (one, three, or five) were averaged together and face memory was computed as the mean number of hits minus false alarms (i.e., correctly identified studied faces minus incorrectly identified new faces) separately for younger and older faces. Age differences in face memory were analyzed using a mixed-design analysis of variance (ANOVA) with one between-subjects variable of participant age (younger, older) and one within-subjects variable of face age (younger, older). Age-differences in lifestyle activities were assessed by independent samples t-tests contrasting physical activity, sociocognitive activity, and TV viewing for younger versus older adults. Pearson correlation tests examined the relationship between these activities. Associations between face memory and lifestyle activities were assessed using Pearson   <ref type="figure" coords="3,117.00,685.54,27.12,7.20">Figure 1</ref>. A strong positive correlation between face memory and physical activity was observed for younger adults (r 2 ϭ .41) but not for older adults (r 2 ϭ .00). A strong negative correlation between face memory and TV viewing was observed for older adults (r 2 ϭ .25) but not for younger adults (r 2 ϭ .01). The figure depicts the memory results for young faces but a similar pattern of results was observed for older faces. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>correlation tests for each activity, separately for younger and older adults; post hoc three-step hierarchical multiple regression analyses were performed on significant correlations to control for demographic factors of age and gender (Model 1) and determine whether a particular lifestyle activity (Model 2) predicted face memory over and above the other two lifestyle activities (Model 3). <ref type="table" coords="4,57.00,208.85,29.50,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> presents mean face memory for younger and older adults. The ANOVA on face memory revealed a main effect of participant age, F(1, 59) ϭ 5.035, p Ͻ .05, p 2 ϭ .08, with younger adults outperforming older adults. The main effect of face age was significant, F(1, 59) ϭ 11.39, p Ͻ .001, p 2 ϭ .16, as was the interaction of face age with participant age, F(1, 59) ϭ 17.33, p Ͻ .001, p 2 ϭ .23. To explain this interaction, post hoc paired-samples t-tests contrasting memory for younger versus older faces revealed an own-age effect for older adults, with superior memory for older faces compared to younger faces, t(29) ϭ Ϫ4.95, p ϭ .001, d ϭ .98; in contrast, an own-age effect was not observed for younger adults, t(30) ϭ 0.61, ns.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Age Differences in Face Memory</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Age Differences in Lifestyle Activities</head><p>Compared to younger adults, older adults reported being marginally less physically active, significantly less sociocognitively active, and watched significantly more TV (see <ref type="table" coords="4,222.68,392.85,26.31,8.10" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>). Engagement in physical and sociocognitive activities were positively correlated with each other-younger: r(29) ϭ .48, p Ͻ .01, older adults: r(28) ϭ .36, p Ͻ.05. TV viewing did not correlate with either physical or sociocognitive activity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Associations Between Face Memory and Lifestyle</head><p>For younger adults, face memory correlated with physical activity but not sociocognitive activity or TV viewing (see <ref type="figure" coords="4,257.28,488.85,30.75,8.10">Figure 1</ref> and <ref type="table" coords="4,63.09,499.85,25.84,8.10" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). Physical activity was significantly related to memory for younger faces and marginally, but not significantly, related to memory for older faces. To further examine the relation between physical activity and face memory (averaged across face age) in younger adults, a post hoc hierarchical regression analysis revealed that physical activity predicted face memory over and above age, gender, sociocognitive activities and TV viewing (see <ref type="table" coords="4,499.03,309.85,25.76,8.10" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>). For older adults, memory for both younger and older faces negatively correlated with TV viewing but was unrelated to physical or sociocognitive activity (see <ref type="figure" coords="4,384.90,342.85,29.48,8.10">Figure 1</ref> and <ref type="table" coords="4,431.74,342.85,25.28,8.10" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). To further examine the relation between TV viewing and face memory (averaged across face age) in older adults, a post hoc hierarchical multiple regression analysis revealed that TV viewing predicted face memory over and above age, gender, physical, and sociocognitive activities (see <ref type="table" coords="4,502.95,386.85,25.56,8.10" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>We examined the association between lifestyle and age on episodic memory and found a positive relation between physical activity and face memory: Young adults who were more physically active had better face memory, consistent with the existing literature showing a direct benefit of exercise on episodic memory in younger adult populations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,405.47,481.85,75.32,8.10" target="#b22">(Pereira et al., 2007)</ref>. Critically, older adults' face memory was not related to physical activity but was negatively related to TV viewing, suggesting that the interplay between physical activity and cognition is altered across the life span.   This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>Age-related changes in hippocampal function during memory tasks <ref type="bibr" coords="5,68.76,88.13,125.76,8.10" target="#b10">(Grady, McIntosh, &amp; Craik, 2003)</ref> may prevent older adults from cognitively benefiting from exercise-related neurogenesis in the hippocampus. Despite evidence that exercise mitigates agerelated hippocampal atrophy to improve spatial processing <ref type="bibr" coords="5,262.57,121.97,21.84,8.10;5,48.00,133.25,64.47,8.10" target="#b8">(Erickson et al., 2011)</ref>, the link between hippocampal volume and memory performance is weak and not always observed <ref type="bibr" coords="5,270.06,144.53,17.98,8.10;5,48.00,155.81,48.48,8.10" target="#b24">(Van Petten, 2004)</ref>. Instead, some researchers have posited that this dissociation between hippocampal volume and memory function is explained by the underactivation of the hippocampus by older adults during memory tasks and the recruitment of other brains regions to compensate for diminished hippocampal function <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.00,212.20,77.20,8.10" target="#b10">(Grady et al., 2003)</ref>. Consequently, the neurogenic effects of exercise may not translate into functional gains in older adults because the hippocampus is engaged less during processing.</p><p>Older adults watched more TV and were less involved in physical-sociocognitive activities than younger adults. Like some previous studies <ref type="bibr" coords="5,109.42,268.58,72.50,8.10" target="#b4">(Brown et al., 2012)</ref>, we failed to find an association between sociocognitive activities and cognitive performance in either young or older adults. However, older adults who watched more TV had poorer memory, despite their engagement in other activities. Interestingly, the same negative relation between TV viewing and face memory was not observed for young adults, suggesting that TV viewing may be particularly detrimental for older adults. Indeed, TV viewing in midlife is predictive of Alzheimer's disease later in life <ref type="bibr" coords="5,155.94,358.72,86.65,8.10" target="#b17">(Lindstrom et al., 2005)</ref>, suggesting that TV viewing may accelerate the trajectory of age-related cognitive decline.</p><p>Young adults had better face memory than older adults; however, this difference was minimized for older faces, consistent with an own-age bias for older adults <ref type="bibr" coords="5,169.33,414.66,98.04,8.10" target="#b2">(Anastasi &amp; Rhodes, 2006)</ref>. The relation between the three lifestyle factors and memory did not differ by stimulus type; for example, older adults who watched more TV had poorer face memory for all faces, suggesting a global decline.</p><p>This is the first study to reveal age-dependencies in the relationship between memory and lifestyle; however, some limitations include (a) self-reports were used to assess lifestyle activities, which may not perfectly estimate activity level and (b) the crosssectional design limits conclusions regarding the causality of the relationship between lifestyle and face memory. Future studies should use interventions to directly examine the effect of lifestyle on memory across the life span. This is the first study to show a relation between physical activity and memory in younger adults that was not present in older adults. Younger adults who were more physically active had better face memory, suggesting that young sedentary adults could improve their memory through exercise. In contrast, older adults' face memory was negatively related to TV viewing, suggesting that this form of sedentary behavior may be particularly detrimental later in life. In prescribing activity intervention for older adults, health care professional should monitor their patients' TV viewing.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,117.00,558.35,359.50,122.65"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Mean (and Standard Deviation) Demographic Information for Younger and Older Adults</figDesc><table coords="2,117.00,588.50,359.50,92.50">Variable 

Younger adults (n ϭ 31) 
Older adults (n ϭ 30) 

t(59) 
Sig. 
M (SD) 
M (SD) 

Age (years) 
24 (4.3) 
74 (6.9) 
Age range (years) 
19-33 
65-85 
Gender (female/male) 
16/15 
15/15 
Education (years) 
17.0 (3.1) 
16.6 (3.4) 
0.49 
Physical activity 
26.3 (7.2) 
22.1 (11.1) 
1.77 
.08 
Sociocognitive activity 
156.9 (25.3) 
138.3 (28.0) 
3.10 
.009 
TV viewing 
16.7 (6.7) 
21.9 (6.4) 
Ϫ2.72 
.003 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="3,48.00,76.86,239.51,93.38"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Mean (and Standard Error) Face Memory Performance (Hits-False Alarms) for Younger and Older Adults Viewing Young and Older Faces</figDesc><table coords="3,48.00,129.54,239.51,40.70">Younger adults 
M (SE) 

Older adults 
M (SE) 

Young faces 
.76 (.03) 
.56 (.04) 
Older faces 
.74 (.03) 
.74 (.03) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="4,48.00,546.85,240.02,175.89"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Pearson Correlations Between Face Recognition Memory and Lifestyle Activities</figDesc><table coords="4,48.00,588.54,240.02,134.20">Younger adults 
Older adults 

r(29) 
p 
r (28) 
p 

Phys 
Young faces 
.64 
.001 
Ϫ.08 
Older faces 
.34 
.06 
.06 
SC 
Young faces 
.21 
Ϫ.26 
Older faces 
.14 
Ϫ.16 
TV 
Young faces 
Ϫ.01 
Ϫ.50 
.01 
Older faces 
Ϫ.17 
Ϫ.48 
.01 

Note. Phys ϭ physical activity; SC ϭ sociocognitive activity; TV ϭ TV 
viewing. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="4,306.00,76.85,239.50,166.65"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="4,306.00,87.85,239.50,155.65">Summary of Hierarchical Regression Analysis for Variables 
Predicting Face Memory in Young Adults 

Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 

Beta 
Beta 
Beta 

Variable 
Age 
.03 
.13 
.19 
Gender 
.23 
.13 
.10 
Physical activity 
.56 ‫ءء‬ 
.63 ‫ءء‬ 
Sociocognitive activity 
Ϫ.17 
TV viewing 
Ϫ.08 
R 2 
.05 
.35 
.39 
R 2 change 
.05 
.30 
.04 
F change 
.78 
12.29 ‫ءء‬ 
.77 

‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .01. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="4,7.54,227.15,537.97,495.86"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>‫ء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .01. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc><table coords="4,306.00,567.35,239.50,140.38">Summary of Hierarchical Regression Analysis for Variables 
Predicting Face Memory in Older Adults 

Model 1 
Model 2 
Model 3 

Beta 
Beta 
Beta 

Variable 
Age 
Ϫ.34 
Ϫ.30 
Ϫ.32 
Gender 
Ϫ.16 
Ϫ.15 
Ϫ.18 
TV viewing 
Ϫ.50 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.45 ‫ء‬ 
Physical activity 
.01 
Sociocognitive activity 
Ϫ.20 
R 2 
.17 
.42 
.46 
R 2 change 
.17 
.25 
.04 
F change 
2.85 
11.34 ‫ءء‬ 
.81 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Members of Underrepresented Groups: Reviewers for Journal Manuscripts Wanted</head><p>If you are interested in reviewing manuscripts for APA journals, the APA Publications and Communications Board would like to invite your participation. Manuscript reviewers are vital to the publications process. As a reviewer, you would gain valuable experience in publishing. The P&amp;C Board is particularly interested in encouraging members of underrepresented groups to participate more in this process.</p><p>If you are interested in reviewing manuscripts, please write APA Journals at Reviewers@apa.org. Please note the following important points:</p><p>• To be selected as a reviewer, you must have published articles in peer-reviewed journals. The experience of publishing provides a reviewer with the basis for preparing a thorough, objective review.</p><p>• To be selected, it is critical to be a regular reader of the five to six empirical journals that are most central to the area or journal for which you would like to review. Current knowledge of recently published research provides a reviewer with the knowledge base to evaluate a new submission within the context of existing research.</p><p>• To select the appropriate reviewers for each manuscript, the editor needs detailed information. Please include with your letter your vita. In the letter, please identify which APA journal(s) you are interested in, and describe your area of expertise. Be as specific as possible. For example, "social psychology" is not sufficient-you would need to specify "social cognition" or "attitude change" as well.</p><p>• Reviewing a manuscript takes time (1-4 hours per manuscript reviewed). If you are selected to review a manuscript, be prepared to invest the necessary time to evaluate the manuscript thoroughly.</p><p>APA now has an online video course that provides guidance in reviewing manuscripts. To learn more about the course and to access the video, visit http://www.apa.org/pubs/authors/reviewmanuscript-ce-video.aspx. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="5,48.00,705.47,240.04,7.20;5,56.00,715.54,56.31,7.20" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mai</forename><surname>Åberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pedersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Torén</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Svartengren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Bäckstrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Johnsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,114.84,715.54,173.19,7.20;5,314.00,77.04,231.99,7.20;5,314.00,87.34,156.02,7.20" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cardiovascular fitness is associated with cognition in young adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kuhn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">106</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20906" to="20911" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,97.65,240.03,7.20;5,314.00,107.96,228.82,7.20" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evidence for an own-age bias in face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Anastasi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Rhodes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">North American Journal of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="252" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,118.27,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,128.57,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,138.88,125.33,7.20" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predicting premorbid IQ: A revision of the National Adult Reading Test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Blair</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Spreen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/13854048908403285</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Neuropsychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="136" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,149.19,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,159.49,231.99,7.20;5,314.00,169.80,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,180.11,176.84,7.20" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social activity and cognitive functioning over time: A coordinated analysis of four longitudinal studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Gibbons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Kennison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Robitaille</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lindwall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Benitez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Aging Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2012</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="12" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,190.41,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,200.72,231.93,7.20;5,314.00,211.03,107.33,7.20" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The human hippocampus and spatial and episodic memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Burgess</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Maguire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Keefe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0896-6273%2802%2900830-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuron</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="625" to="641" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,221.34,240.02,7.20;5,314.00,231.64,36.60,7.20" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Erickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Prakash</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Voss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Chaddock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Morris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,354.19,231.64,191.83,7.20;5,314.00,241.95,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,252.25,76.90,7.20" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aerobic fitness is associated with hippocampal volume in elderly humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/hipo.20547</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hippocampus</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1030" to="1039" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,262.54,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,272.84,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,283.13,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,293.43,231.92,7.20;5,314.00,303.72,42.00,7.20" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exercise training increases size of hippocampus and improves memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Erickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Voss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Prakash</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Basak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Szabo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Chaddock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1073/pnas.1015950108</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3017" to="3022" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,314.02,240.02,7.20;5,314.00,324.31,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,334.61,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,344.90,231.87,7.20;5,314.00,355.20,85.11,7.20" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does activity engagement protect against cognitive decline in old age? Methodological and analytical considerations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ghisletta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J.-F</forename><surname>Bickel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lövdén</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/geronb/61.5.P253</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journals of Gerontology: Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="261" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,365.49,240.03,7.20;5,314.00,375.79,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,386.08,214.64,7.20" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Age-related differences in the functional connectivity of the hippocampus during memory encoding</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Grady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mcintosh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Craik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/hipo.10114</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hippocampus</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="572" to="586" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,396.38,240.03,7.20;5,314.00,406.67,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,416.97,156.04,7.20" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of prior exposure on face processing in younger and older adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heisz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3389/fnagi.2011.00015</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="6" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,427.26,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,437.56,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,447.85,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,458.15,138.02,7.20" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enrichment effects on adult cognitive development can the functional capacity of older adults be preserved and enhanced?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hertzog</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Lindenberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science in the Public Interest</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,468.45,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,478.74,70.61,7.20" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Hillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Motl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Pontifex</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Posthuma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Stubbe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Boomsma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,387.76,478.74,158.25,7.20;5,314.00,489.04,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,499.33,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,509.63,64.66,7.20" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Physical activity and cognitive function in a cross-section of younger and older communitydwelling individuals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J C</forename><surname>De Geus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0278-6133.25.6.678</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ 0278-6133.25.6.678</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="678" to="687" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,519.92,240.02,7.20;5,314.00,530.22,232.03,7.20;5,314.00,540.51,138.72,7.20" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Assessing adult leisure activities: An extension of a self-report activity questionnaire. Psychological Assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jopp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hertzog</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0017662</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="108" to="120" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,550.81,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,561.10,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,571.40,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,581.69,14.00,7.20" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship between school performance and the number of physical education classes attended by Korean adolescent students</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>So</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Sports Science and Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="226" to="230" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,591.99,240.03,7.20;5,314.00,602.28,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,612.58,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,622.87,232.01,7.20;5,314.00,633.17,93.55,7.20" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationships between television viewing in midlife and the development of Alzheimer&apos;s disease in a case-control study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lindstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fritsch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Petot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Smyth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Debanne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Friedland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.bandc.2004.09.020</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="157" to="165" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,643.46,240.01,7.20;5,314.00,653.76,68.52,7.20" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Cimino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Benitez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Gibbons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Kennison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,385.34,653.76,160.67,7.20;5,314.00,664.06,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,674.35,232.00,7.20;5,314.00,684.65,18.00,7.20" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitively stimulating activities: Effects on cognition across four studies with up to 21 years of longitudinal data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W S</forename><surname>Macdonald</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Aging Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2012</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="12" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="5,306.00,694.94,240.04,7.20;5,314.00,705.24,232.02,7.20;5,314.00,715.53,232.02,7.20;5,7.54,556.60,7.20,14.22;5,7.54,522.39,7.20,31.55;5,7.54,514.39,7.20,5.34;5,7.54,473.51,7.20,38.22;5,7.54,462.85,7.20,8.00;5,7.54,450.41,7.20,9.78;5,7.54,416.21,7.20,31.54;5,7.54,368.66,7.20,44.89;5,7.54,328.22,7.20,37.78;5,7.54,318.89,7.20,6.66;5,7.54,304.68,7.20,11.55;5,7.54,295.35,7.20,6.66;5,7.54,285.13,7.20,7.56;5,7.54,264.70,7.20,17.78;5,7.54,227.15,7.20,34.89;5,17.54,567.25,7.20,14.22;5,17.54,544.60,7.20,19.99;5,17.54,536.60,7.20,5.34;5,17.54,506.39,7.20,27.55;5,17.54,484.62,7.20,19.11;5,17.54,472.63,7.20,9.33;5,17.54,460.19,7.20,9.78;5,17.54,430.42,7.20,27.10;5,17.54,417.10,7.20,10.66;5,17.54,407.77,7.20,6.66;5,17.54,395.33,7.20,9.78;5,17.54,360.22,7.20,32.45;5,17.54,344.23,7.20,13.33;5,17.54,330.02,7.20,11.55;5,17.54,322.02,7.20,5.34;5,17.54,309.14,7.20,10.22;5,17.54,300.25,7.20,6.22;5,17.54,290.04,7.20,7.55;5,17.54,245.60,7.20,41.78;5,17.54,216.50,7.20,26.44;6,56.00,77.04,231.99,7.20;6,56.00,87.04,113.11,7.20" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Montreal Cognitive Assessment, MoCA: A brief screening tool for mild cognitive impair-This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. ment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nasreddine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Bédirian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Charbonneau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Whitehead</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Collin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Chertkow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1532-5415.2005.53221.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the American Geriatrics Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="695" to="699" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.00,97.04,240.03,7.20;6,56.00,107.04,231.99,7.20;6,56.00,117.04,129.99,7.20" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Putting brain training to the test</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Owen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Hampshire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Grahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Stenton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dajani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Burns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Ballard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/nature09042</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">465</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="775" to="778" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.00,127.04,240.02,7.20;6,56.00,137.04,232.02,7.20;6,56.00,147.04,232.02,7.20;6,56.00,157.04,232.00,7.20;6,56.00,167.04,56.66,7.20" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An in vivo correlate of exercise-induced neurogenesis in the adult dentate gyrus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pereira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Huddleston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Brickman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sosunov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mckhann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1073/pnas.0611721104</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1073/ pnas.0611721104</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">104</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5638" to="5643" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.00,177.04,240.01,7.20;6,56.00,187.04,232.00,7.20;6,56.00,197.04,232.01,7.20;6,56.00,207.04,59.83,7.20" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do changes in lifestyle engagement moderate cognitive decline in normal aging? Evidence from the Victoria Longitudinal Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Small</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Dixon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcardle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Grimm</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="144" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,48.00,217.04,240.02,7.20;6,56.00,227.04,232.02,7.20;6,314.00,77.04,231.94,7.20;6,314.00,87.54,100.88,7.20" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship between hippocampal volume and memory ability in healthy individuals across the lifespan: Review and meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Van Petten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2004.04.006</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/j .neuropsychologia.2004.04.006</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1394" to="1413" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,98.04,240.04,7.20;6,314.00,108.54,232.01,7.20;6,314.00,119.04,105.33,7.20" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neural consequences of environmental enrichment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Van Praag</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Kempermann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Gage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/35044558</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Reviews Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="198" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,129.54,240.02,7.20;6,314.00,140.04,232.02,7.20;6,314.00,150.54,232.02,7.20;6,314.00,161.04,46.66,7.20" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exercise enhances learning and hippocampal neurogenesis in aged mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Van Praag</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Shubert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Gage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1731-05.2005</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8680" to="8685" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
