<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2012-08">August 2012</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Oliver</forename><surname>Schilke</surname></persName>
							<email>schilke@ucla.edu.</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christian</forename><surname>Homburg</surname></persName>
							<email>homburg@bwl.uni-mannheim.de</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Klarmann</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Reimann</surname></persName>
							<email>mreimann@usc.edu.</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Oliver</forename><surname>Schilke</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Management and Marketing</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">University of Mannheim, and Professorial Fellow</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">Univer-sity of Melbourne</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychol-ogy, University of Southern California</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology, Univer-sity of California</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Los Angeles</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">XLIX</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="594" to="608"/>
							<date type="published" when="2012-08">August 2012</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>*Christian Homburg is Professor of Business Administration and Market-ing and Chair of the Marketing Department,). Martin Klar-mann is Professor of Marketing, Department of Economics and Business Engineering, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (e-mail: martin.klarmann@ kit. edu). Martin Reimann is a doctoral candidate, The authors contributed equally to the research and are listed in alphabetical order. Christine Moorman served as associate editor of this article. What Drives Key Informant Accuracy?</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:03+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>organizational survey research</term>
					<term>triangulation</term>
					<term>reliability</term>
					<term>validity</term>
					<term>key informant design</term>
					<term>multiple data sources</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In an effort to establish and enhance the accuracy of key informant data, organizational survey studies are increasingly relying on triangulation techniques by including supplemental data sources that complement information acquired from key informants. Despite the growing popularity of triangulation, little guidance exists as to when and how it should be conducted. Addressing this gap, the authors develop hypotheses linking a comprehensive set of study characteristics at the construct, informant, organizational, and industry levels to key informant accuracy. Two studies test these hypotheses. The first study is a metaanalysis of triangulation applications. Using data from 127 studies published in six major marketing and management journals, the authors identify antecedents to key informant reliability. The second study, using eight multi-informant data sets, analyzes antecedents to key informant validity. The results from these studies inform survey researchers as to which conditions particularly call for the use of triangulation. The authors conclude by offering guidelines on when and how to employ triangulation techniques.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Key informant surveys are an essential data source in marketing and management research. However, given the complex and subjective task key informants need to perform, some investigators have questioned the accuracy of their responses (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,139.19,508.22,95.90,8.79" target="#b43">March and Sutton 1997)</ref>. Therefore, to ensure the accuracy (i.e., reliability and validity) of key informant data, researchers are increasingly advocating collecting supplementary data, such as information from archival sources and additional respondents (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,278.09,552.22,15.95,8.79;1,53.99,563.22,143.33,8.79" target="#b65">Van Bruggen, Lilien, and Kacker 2002)</ref>. This strategy has been variously labeled "convergent methodology" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,234.94,574.22,58.87,8.79;1,53.98,585.22,46.31,8.79" target="#b7">(Campbell and Fiske 1959)</ref>, "convergent validation" (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,237.11,585.22,52.45,8.79" target="#b57">Slovic 1962)</ref>, and "triangulation" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,401.76,464.22,73.28,8.79" target="#b66">(Webb et al. 1966</ref>) and can be understood as "the combination of methodologies in the study of the same phenomenon" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,416.34,486.30,88.30,8.79">(Denzin 1978, p. 291)</ref>. We primarily use <ref type="bibr" coords="1,347.27,497.34,82.12,8.79">Webb et al.'s (1966)</ref> term "triangulation," borrowed from navigation, in which it denotes the "use [of] multiple reference points to locate an object's exact position" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,537.75,519.42,20.05,8.79;1,317.97,530.46,51.66,8.79">(Jick 1979, p. 602)</ref>.</p><p>Although triangulation is increasingly common, it is costly and not always easy to implement <ref type="bibr" coords="1,485.51,552.54,72.58,8.79;1,317.97,563.58,22.36,8.79" target="#b52">(Rindfleisch et al. 2008)</ref>. For example, given the issue of "oversurveying" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,317.97,574.62,125.47,8.79" target="#b53">(Rogelberg and Stanton 2007)</ref>, managers are reluctant to participate in surveys, especially if a colleague has already taken part. At the same time, archival data are often available for only a small subsample of the firms surveyed and cause problems of matching data sources and establishing a common metric. Making things worse, triangulation does not add substantial value if the responses of the first key informant are largely accurate.</p><p>Therefore, researchers could benefit from being able to predict under what circumstances they most need triangulation of key informant responses. Such predictions presuppose knowledge of the factors systematically affecting the accuracy of key informants, and our article addresses this issue. In a first study, we conduct a meta-analysis of previous triangulation efforts to establish whether and, in particu-lar, when key informant responses are reliable. To do so, we use data from 127 studies (corresponding to a total number of n = 11,874 observations) that report key informant reliability when compared with data from other sources and that were published between 1998 and 2010 in six major marketing and management journals. In a second study, we analyze eight multi-informant data sets from different marketing research contexts to determine whether and particularly when key informant responses are valid.</p><p>Our research makes at least three important contributions. First, whereas previous studies have focused mostly on either reliability or validity, we adopt an integrative perspective by investigating both aspects of accuracy. Second, previous research on method biases in survey research has typically investigated people's self-reports. We focus on key informant reports that involve aggregations over people, tasks, organizational units, or events <ref type="bibr" coords="2,192.91,235.50,52.82,8.79" target="#b54">(Seidler 1974)</ref>, which may introduce other biases and problems. Third, and most important, previous research has predominantly focused on describing overall levels of response accuracy and only conducted some exploratory analyses to identify antecedents. Our aim is to develop and test hypotheses regarding a broad set of potential drivers of key informant accuracy. We analyze the impact of construct characteristics on reliability and validity. Moreover, we investigate the impact of informant, organization, industry, and method characteristics on reliability. Knowledge of the effects of these antecedents will allow researchers to make an informed choice about when triangulation is most needed.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>GOALS AND METHODS OF TRIANGULATION</head><p>The ultimate goal of triangulation is to ensure the accuracy of key informant data. Two types of error appear that commonly affect key informant response accuracy (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.00,439.11,60.75,8.79" target="#b8">Churchill 1979)</ref>: systematic measurement error (also referred to as "method error") and random measurement error. Therefore, a key informant response x can be expressed as the sum of the true value t x , a systematic measurement error s x , and a random measurement error e x : <ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.00,502.43,11.32,7.91">(1)</ref> x = t x + s x + e x .</p><p>If random errors are uncorrelated with the true values and systematic errors and if true values and systematic errors are uncorrelated, the correlation between x and a second variable y (measured through the same informant) can be written as follows:</p><p>From this equation, the differential consequences of the two types of error become apparent <ref type="bibr" coords="2,186.44,649.89,103.02,8.79" target="#b11">(Cote and Buckley 1988)</ref>. Random measurement error attenuates the correlation. A covariance between the systematic error components s x and s y biases results in a way that depends on the direction and magnitude of this covariance. Only if systematic error terms are uncorrelated do they affect results the same way as random measurement error. This is only the case if x is influenced by a different method factor than y and if these two = + + + + +</p><p>(2) r Cov(t , t ) Cov(s , s ) Var(t ) Var(s ) Var(e ) Var(t ) Var(s ) Var(e ) .</p><p>x, y</p><p>x y x y</p><p>x j x x y y y method factors are uncorrelated. As prior research shows , this occurrence is unlikely. The distinction between random and systematic measurement error is directly linked to the distinction between reliability and validity <ref type="bibr" coords="2,393.87,100.02,66.83,8.79" target="#b8">(Churchill 1979)</ref>. Using triangulation to counter the threats of random measurement error is intended to ensure the reliability, and using it to counteract the threat of systematic measurement error is intended to ensure the validity of key informant responses.</p><p>In addressing issues of reliability and validity with triangulation, researchers may pursue two distinct strategies. First, they may aim to establish the accuracy of key informant responses by using additional data to estimate the degree of random and systematic measurement error present in the responses. Second, they may aim to enhance the accuracy of key informant data by combining those data with information from different data sources. Accordingly, as <ref type="figure" coords="2,531.32,237.42,26.64,8.79;2,318.00,248.87,5.00,8.79">Figure  1</ref> shows, triangulation can have four goals, each associated with a different set of methods.</p><p>First, to establish the reliability of key informants, researchers can use correlational approaches. If data sources are not interchangeable (i.e., the informants are distinguishable according to a systematic criterion), Pearson's r is the suitable choice. If data sources are interchangeable, the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)-more specifically the ICC(1) <ref type="bibr" coords="2,318.00,340.47,56.52,8.79" target="#b4">(Bliese 2000)</ref>-is appropriate. In addition, although it does not measure reliability in a strict sense <ref type="bibr" coords="2,474.20,351.92,79.37,8.79;2,318.00,363.37,42.17,8.79" target="#b37">(Kozlowski and Hattrup 1992)</ref>, the rwg (J) agreement index <ref type="bibr" coords="2,483.48,363.32,74.56,8.79;2,318.00,374.77,62.49,8.79" target="#b33">(James, Demaree, and Wolf 1984)</ref> offers a heuristic approach to assessing random error <ref type="bibr" coords="2,360.21,386.22,134.40,8.79" target="#b33">(James, Demaree, and Wolf 1993)</ref>. Second, if researchers are interested in enhancing the reliability of key informant data, they can aggregate the information from different data sources <ref type="bibr" coords="3,202.50,76.60,91.57,8.79;3,54.00,87.79,71.48,8.79" target="#b65">(Van Bruggen, Lilien, and Kacker 2002)</ref> and assess the reliability of the composite using the ICC(2) <ref type="bibr" coords="3,123.72,98.98,52.36,8.79" target="#b4">(Bliese 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Third, as Equation 2 suggests, researchers wanting to establish the validity of key informant data must assess the covariance between systematic errors for at least two constructs. To do so, previous research has proposed numerous approaches that combine the analysis of multitrait multimethod (MTMM) correlation matrices <ref type="bibr" coords="3,210.71,166.12,83.37,8.79;3,54.00,177.31,24.13,8.79" target="#b7">(Campbell and Fiske 1959)</ref> with confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) . They include the CFA with M and M -1 method factors <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.71,199.69,44.56,8.79" target="#b17">(Eid 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,247.44,199.69,46.57,8.79;3,54.00,210.88,53.53,8.79" target="#b38">Kumar and Dillon 1990)</ref>, the correlated uniqueness model <ref type="bibr" coords="3,261.49,210.88,32.58,8.79;3,54.00,222.07,106.93,8.79" target="#b44">(Marsh, Byrne, and Craven 1992)</ref>, and the direct product model <ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.00,233.26,100.13,8.79" target="#b38">(Kumar and Dillon 1992)</ref>.</p><p>Fourth, the logic of the MTMM approaches described previously can also be adapted to enhance the validity of key informant data. By integrating factors representing the different data sources in a structural equation model, researchers can estimate trait interrelationships while controlling for systematic error .</p><p>This article's objective is to make generalizations about situational drivers of key informant accuracy. For this purpose, we conducted a first study that investigates drivers of key informant reliability and a second study that analyzes antecedents to key informant validity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY 1: ANTECEDENTS TO KEY INFORMANT RELIABILITY Hypotheses</head><p>In deriving specific study characteristics that drive key informant reliability, we rely on social cognition theory (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,77.66,449.68,89.90,8.79" target="#b28">Hastie and Park 1986)</ref>. This theory is useful for analyzing the processes underlying survey response formation and the emergence of random response errors <ref type="bibr" coords="3,251.41,472.06,42.62,8.79;3,54.00,483.25,137.58,8.79" target="#b27">(Harrison, McLaughlin, and Coalter 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,196.26,483.25,97.76,8.79;3,54.00,494.44,58.47,8.79" target="#b64">Tourangeau, Rips, and Rasinski 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Two concepts from social cognition theory are central for our research: (1) availability of relevant information and (2) difficulty of retrieval. First, according to social cognition theory, only some of the issues assessed in survey research are already present in an informant's memory. On a continuum of information availability, at the more available end, the respondent has relevant information that is easily reproduced, whereas at the less available end, the respondent's memory does not contain relevant information <ref type="bibr" coords="3,241.17,595.15,52.89,8.79;3,54.00,606.34,98.22,8.79" target="#b64">(Tourangeau, Rips, and Rasinski 2000)</ref>. In the latter case, informants must form a response based on related cues, introducing the possibility of making imprecise inferences that adversely affect the reliability of the response.</p><p>Second, human long-term memory contains significantly more information than a single mental task requires <ref type="bibr" coords="3,262.04,662.29,27.45,8.79;3,53.98,673.48,35.61,8.79" target="#b0">(Baddeley 1986)</ref>. Retrieval denotes the process of bringing information held in long-term memory to an active state, in which it enters the short-term memory to be used <ref type="bibr" coords="3,217.94,695.86,76.01,8.79;3,53.97,707.05,69.18,8.79" target="#b36">(Jobe, Tourangeau, and Smith 1993)</ref>. The retrieval process can be subject to problems, such as retrieving wrong or generalized information <ref type="bibr" coords="3,72.03,729.43,67.22,8.79" target="#b18">(Fazio et al. 1986</ref>), which also reduces reliability.</p><p>We propose that availability of information and difficulty of retrieval, and thus informant reliability, differ markedly as a function of four sets of factors: (1) construct characteristics, (2) informant characteristics, (3) organizational characteristics, and (4) industry characteristics. Because we also investigate formal considerations, we consider method characteristics as a fifth set.</p><p>Construct characteristics. We suggest that five construct characteristics (temporal reference, objectivity, salience, specificity, and local scope) affect key informant reliability. We expect the construct's temporal reference (defined as its allusion to the present vs. the past) to be related to key informant reliability. First, temporal reference is substantially linked to the availability of information. The greater the difference between the time of the interview and the time to which the construct refers, the more likely the respondent will have forgotten relevant details. Second, passage of time negatively affects the precision of retrieval owing to interference effects <ref type="bibr" coords="3,435.85,254.96,109.00,8.79" target="#b23">(Gillund and Shiffrin 1984)</ref>. It increases the likelihood that the informant faces other issues and also stores them in memory. Then more information search is required, decreasing the chance of precise recall. Thus: H 1 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to the present (vs. the past).</p><p>The complexity of the information retrieval process is greater if the nature of the construct requires key informants to engage in subjective assessments (low objectivity) rather than to report on factual phenomena that are clearly linked to objective referents (high objectivity). In general, cognitive processes involved in making subjective assessments on ambiguous phenomena are more difficult to perform <ref type="bibr" coords="3,318.00,420.64,58.50,8.79" target="#b25">(Golden 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,379.15,420.64,108.89,8.79" target="#b59">Starbuck and Mezias 1996)</ref>, whereas reporting on more objectively verifiable data is less demanding, decreasing the risk of random response error <ref type="bibr" coords="3,501.91,442.92,55.99,8.79;3,318.00,454.06,49.03,8.79" target="#b19">(Feldman and Lynch 1988)</ref>. Thus: H 2 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for more objective constructs (vs. more subjective constructs).</p><p>Next, we put forward the notion that key informant reliability depends on the investigated construct's salience, defined as the degree to which its subject matter relates to a conspicuous issue versus a routine process. Research in psychology has shown that people can easily recall information on landmark events (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,422.69,553.16,76.37,8.79" target="#b49">Pillemer et al. 1988</ref>). At the same time, the occurrence of multiple similar routine events reduces the likelihood of precisely retrieving any one of them <ref type="bibr" coords="3,340.59,586.58,97.61,8.79" target="#b31">(Huber and Power 1985)</ref>. People are less prone to forget emotionally arousing events because they are more likely to notice them initially and to reflect on them afterward. Given that salient events are more elaborately coded and cause greater emotional impact, both availability and retrievability of relevant information are greater. Thus: H 3 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to more salient events (vs. more routine events).</p><p>Whether a construct pertains to characteristics of specific people (e.g., the key informant's superior) or to nonpersonal phenomena (e.g., team-level or organizational-level occurrences) has implications for the complexity of information retrieval. When informants make inferences about nonpersonal phenomena or perform aggregations over people, retrieval complexity increases, leading to unreliable responses. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.00,88.33,105.27,8.79" target="#b55">Silk and Kalwani's (1982)</ref> study on the reliability of organizational purchasing measures finds a lower reliability when these constructs were more global (i.e., involved numerous interactions) than when the constructs that were more specific (i.e., referred to a particular instance). In a similar vein, we hypothesize the following: H 4 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to characteristics of specific people (vs. nonpersonal entities).</p><p>Key informants can more easily provide consistent information on constructs related to phenomena internal to the firm than on phenomena related to the firm environment. The idea that informants remember organizational internal issues more precisely than environmental issues emerges from the notion that people store information that pertains to a unit to which they belong and that they experience firsthand in a more detailed form than events they merely hear or read about <ref type="bibr" coords="4,110.44,290.60,83.63,8.79" target="#b60">(Sudman et al. 1994)</ref>. Therefore, information availability should be greater and information retrieval easier for constructs pertaining to the organization than for constructs pertaining to its environment. Thus: H 5 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to phenomena internal to the firm (vs. phenomena related to the firm environment).</p><p>Informant characteristics. We consider the informant characteristics of hierarchical position, functional position, and tenure as antecedents to reliability. Again building on the two mechanisms derived from social cognition theory, we suggest that informants will be more reliable if they have better access to information and if they often deal with the survey issues, which facilitates retrieval.</p><p>First, employees at different hierarchical levels vary in the quantity and quality of information sources available to them; top managers are typically informed about organizational activities and outcomes continuously and virtually instantly. Thus, informants in higher hierarchical positions tend to have superior access to information. In addition, high-level employees mostly participate firsthand in organizational decisions related to many topical areas key informant surveys investigate <ref type="bibr" coords="4,154.08,549.71,66.27,8.79" target="#b26">(Hambrick 1981</ref>). Even if lowerlevel managers are formally informed about organizational decisions, their involvement tends to be lower, thus exacerbating retrieval from memory when they act as key informant. We hypothesize the following: Second, role theory indicates that people occupying a specialized role within a social structure provide more precise information on role-related aspects of that structure than people occupying general positions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,218.17,683.74,71.07,8.79;4,53.99,695.11,45.43,8.79" target="#b30">(Houston and Sudman 1975)</ref>. Imprecise responses are more likely with respondents whose roles are not closely linked with the phenomenon under study. It follows that employees with a focus on a specific organizational function are able to pro-vide more reliable responses than those with a generalist position.</p><p>H 7 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for informants with a focus on a specific organizational function (versus generalists).</p><p>Third, we propose that informant tenure-the duration the respondent has worked in the unit on which he or she is reporting-is associated with response reliability. People with long tenure have a greater awareness of many organizational issues because of their prolonged opportunity to experience organizational life <ref type="bibr" coords="4,442.36,174.13,59.28,8.79" target="#b25">(Golden 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,504.36,174.13,53.62,8.79;4,318.00,185.22,52.91,8.79" target="#b59">Starbuck and Mezias 1996)</ref>. Thus: H 8 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for informants with longer tenure (vs. shorter tenure).</p><p>Organizational characteristics. At the organizational level, we view size and age as being related to information availability and retrievability and thus key informant reliability. We expect organizational size to negatively affect informant reliability. Imagine a key informant being asked about the marketing strategy of a large multidivisional firm such as General Electric. Given the diversity of operations and the great number of employees, the information gathering and computational effort required to provide precise firm-level responses is enormous. In contrast, a key informant reporting on a one-employee firm should have less difficulty overseeing the firm's operations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,479.99,350.49,55.38,8.79" target="#b54">(Seidler 1974</ref>) and providing reliable responses. Thus: H 9 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for smaller organizations (vs. larger organizations).</p><p>We propose that the age of the organization positively affects response reliability. Older organizations tend to have established information processing and dissemination routines as well as more resources for management information systems than younger organizations. Thus: H 10 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for older organizations (vs. younger organizations).</p><p>Industry characteristics. We also consider industry characteristics' effect on the reliability of key informant responses-in particular, industry concentration, researchand-development (R&amp;D) intensity, and dynamism. In concentrated industries, competition tends to be more intense and competitors behave more aggressively because they vie for the same pool of customers <ref type="bibr" coords="4,446.32,559.05,57.65,8.79" target="#b2">(Barnett 1997)</ref>. As a consequence, fiercely competing firms typically do not share information openly, making it more difficult for managers to obtain market information <ref type="bibr" coords="4,436.00,592.32,98.06,8.79" target="#b56">(Slater and Narver 1994)</ref>. Furthermore, concentrated, highly competitive industries are typically characterized by greater pressure on prices and high levels of advertising <ref type="bibr" coords="4,422.36,625.59,51.92,8.79" target="#b51">(Porter 1980)</ref>, which is why managers in these industries lack the time to carry out comprehensive analyses. Instead, they must often rely at least partly on their intuitive assessment of the circumstances <ref type="bibr" coords="4,318.00,669.95,195.44,8.79" target="#b29">(Homburg, Grozdanovic, and Klarmann 2007)</ref>. Both the lack of available information and constant time pressure preventing detailed analyses reduces managers' ability to provide precise survey responses. Thus:</p><p>Organizations in industries with high R&amp;D spending usually compete on innovations, which requires them to constantly gather new ideas and insights both from the environment and from inside the organization <ref type="bibr" coords="5,207.45,87.55,86.47,8.79;5,54.00,98.66,21.11,8.79" target="#b9">(Cohen and Levinthal 1990)</ref>. Therefore, information collection is highly routinized, affording key informants efficient access to information. Thus: H 12 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for industries with higher R&amp;D intensity (vs. lower R&amp;D intensity).</p><p>Industry dynamism refers to the extent and frequency of unforeseen changes in the firm environment (e.g., Jap 1999). In highly dynamic industries, firms' resource configurations and strategies quickly become obsolete. Frequent changes hamper key informants' ability to provide precise information about their organization at a particular point in time. Thus: H 13 : The reliability of key informant responses is greater for more stable industries (vs. more dynamic industries).</p><p>Method characteristics. We consider two characteristics of the triangulation method: type of data and informant similarity. We reflect on these antecedents last because we expect them to affect the estimated but not the actual reliability of key informants. First, we expect that using archival data will yield higher reliability estimates than using survey data. Survey items introduce random measurement error, whereas archival data is usually more precise <ref type="bibr" coords="5,238.12,361.99,55.90,8.79;5,54.00,373.10,52.86,8.79" target="#b59">(Starbuck and Mezias 1996)</ref>. Because random error attenuates correlations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,54.00,384.21,69.96,8.79" target="#b46">(Nunnally 1978)</ref>, comparing two surveys will lead to smaller reliability estimates than comparing survey data with archival data. Thus: H 14 : Key informant reliability estimates will be greater if triangulation is conducted using archival data (vs. survey data).</p><p>Second, when additional survey data are used for triangulation, reliability estimates will be higher if the type of informant used for triangulation is similar to that of the first key informant. Because researchers are advised to choose the first informant on the basis of presumed access to information , responses from other (potentially less well informed) informant types are likely to contain more random error. Thus, reliability estimates will be less attenuated if responses from similar informants are used for triangulation. Thus: H 15 : Key informant reliability estimates will be greater if triangulation is conducted using key informants of a similar type (vs. dissimilar key informants).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methodology</head><p>Collection of studies. To test these hypotheses, we conducted a meta-analysis of key informant triangulation. We performed a census of six major marketing and management journals (Academy of Management Journal, International Journal of Research in Marketing, Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, and Strategic Management Journal) between 1998 and 2010. For inclusion in our meta-analysis, a study had to have used key informants to analyze organizations or organizational subunits and, for at least one of the constructs, had to have collected additional data from a second source. The 182 studies meeting our selection criteria constitute the overall sample for our meta-analysis. <ref type="figure" coords="5,524.62,76.31,33.53,8.79">Figure 2</ref> presents information on sample characteristics. (A complete list of articles is available on request.)</p><p>As <ref type="figure" coords="5,342.40,109.52,35.19,8.79">Figure 2</ref> shows, these studies employed several triangulation methods. Their inclusion in the meta-analysis required a numerical summary measure of key informant reliability. Here, we considered correlations (particularly Pearson's r and the ICC(1)) and agreement (particularly the rwg (J) index that <ref type="bibr" coords="5,391.99,164.87,145.16,8.79" target="#b33">James, Demaree, and Wolf [1984]</ref> propose). Other than correlations, which assess the degree to which ratings are "proportional, when expressed as deviations from their means" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,418.84,198.08,134.78,8.79">(Tinsley and Weiss 1975, p. 359)</ref>, agreement measures "the degree to which ratings … are interchangeable" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,389.87,220.22,84.28,8.79">(Bliese 2000, p. 351)</ref>. Of the studies, 127 provided information on one or both of these types of measures. Correlational reliability information was available for 320 constructs from 105 key informant samples (9814 observations) and agreement information for 219 constructs from 60 samples (4982 observations). We obtained both correlations and agreement for 108 constructs from 38 samples. In total, our meta-analysis is based on data for 431 constructs from 127 studies (total number of observations = 11,874).</p><p>Meta-analytic procedures. A meta-analysis of key informant triangulation faces several specific challenges. First, as outlined previously, studies use different types of effect size measures (correlation and agreement) that are not comparable across a common metric <ref type="bibr" coords="5,440.20,375.20,55.21,8.79" target="#b4">(Bliese 2000)</ref>. Therefore, in this study, we conduct separate analyses for correlation and agreement.</p><p>Second, studies use different correlation coefficients to establish key informant reliability (Pearson's r and ICC). Although these coefficients are derived under different assumptions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,370.98,441.62,107.65,8.79" target="#b45">(McGraw and Wong 1996)</ref>, they share a common substantive meaning. Therefore, we do not distinguish between ICC and Pearson correlations when aggregating reliability results <ref type="bibr" coords="5,369.53,474.83,143.29,8.79" target="#b10">(Conway, Jako, and Goodman 1995)</ref>. However, for the purpose of hypothesis testing, we transform both types of correlations to <ref type="bibr" coords="5,413.10,496.97,61.43,8.79" target="#b20">Fisher's (1925)</ref> z-scale using appropriate transformations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,413.72,508.04,110.90,8.79" target="#b45">(McGraw and Wong 1996)</ref>. Moreover, when testing antecedents to reliability, we control for the type of index.</p><p>Third, triangulation results also depend on methodological artifacts resulting from specific characteristics of a study's design-namely, the random measurement error attributable to the questionnaire items <ref type="bibr" coords="5,442.76,574.46,92.99,8.79" target="#b5">(Borenstein et al. 2009</ref>) and the degree of similarity of the phenomena measured across data sources. To account for these factors, we adapt psychometric meta-analysis <ref type="bibr" coords="5,408.40,607.67,113.73,8.79" target="#b32">(Hunter and Schmidt 2004)</ref>. Before aggregation, we corrected correlations individually for measurement error and construct similarity. We compute corrected correlations as r corr = r obs /( similarity), where r obs is the observed correlation and is the composite reliability of the measurement instrument. (If no was reported, we used = .84, which is the mean reliability of all constructs in our sample.) We coded the degree of similarity between the construct measured through the focal key informant and the construct measured through additional data on a scale from .2 ("some association") to 1 ("identical"). In most cases, identical constructs were used, result- ing in a mean similarity of .942 (median and mode are 1). Because of their ad hoc nature <ref type="bibr" coords="7,180.65,65.24,113.57,8.79;7,54.00,76.26,50.69,8.79" target="#b15">(Dunlap, Burke, and Smith-Crowe 2003)</ref>, agreement measures were not corrected.</p><p>Coding. To measure the construct characteristics evoked by our hypotheses, we relied on judgments from four marketing researchers. Using seven-point semantic differentials, they separately provided scores for construct characteristics. We then established consensus among the experts when scores differed on average by 2 or more . The resulting measures show high reliability, with ICC(2) ratings ranging from .71 (temporal reference) to .84 (local scope). Web Appendix A (www. marketingpower. com/ jmr_webappendix) provides details on the coding process.</p><p>With regard to informant characteristics, to study the impact of an informant's hierarchical position, we coded studies on a five-point scale (1 = "frontline employee," and 5 = "chief executive officer"). To study the effect of an informant's functional position, we coded studies depending on whether the key informants held a specialist or a generalist position. Finally, we measured average key informant tenure as the natural logarithm of the average number of years that the key informants had worked in the unit on which they were reporting.</p><p>With regard to organizational characteristics, we measured average organizational size by the natural logarithm of the average number of employees of the firms in a study. In addition, we studied the influence of average organizational age, or the natural logarithm of the average number of years the organizations in a given study have been in existence.</p><p>Pertaining to industry characteristics, we captured industry concentration using the sum of the sales market shares of the four largest firms in the industry . Furthermore, we measured R&amp;D intensity as the ratio of industry R&amp;D expenditures to total sales (e.g., ) and industry dynamism through industry sales volatility . Web Appendix B (www.marketingpower. com/jmr_webappendix) provides more information on the coding of industry characteristics.</p><p>Regarding method characteristics, to measure the type of data we used a dummy variable indicating whether triangulation was conducted using archival data or whether customer data was used. We coded informant similarity using three dummy variables indicating whether the second key informant held the same hierarchical and/or functional position. Finally, we control for the type of correlation index used, using a dummy for ICC(1).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Descriptive analysis. Before we tested our hypotheses, we were interested in the average key informant reliability in our sample. To compute a mean across the 105 studies reporting correlational information, we first aggregated correlations across constructs to arrive at a study-level estimate. Then, we computed a weighted mean across studies using sample sizes as weights <ref type="bibr" coords="7,442.83,98.27,110.68,8.79" target="#b32">(Hunter and Schmidt 2004)</ref>. This procedure yielded a mean correlation of .612 (p &lt; .01). In a similar manner, we computed the mean agreement across the 60 studies reporting agreement and found a mean key informant agreement of .876. In addition, we computed weighted means for different construct domains using four categories: performance, intraorganizational, interorganizational, and extraorganizational constructs. <ref type="table" coords="7,497.89,175.41,31.14,8.79">Table 1</ref> shows these descriptive results.</p><p>Investigation of publication bias. To address the potential issue of a publication bias in reported triangulation results, we first computed Olkin's fail-safe N <ref type="bibr" coords="7,476.44,219.49,81.40,8.79;7,318.00,230.51,22.36,8.79" target="#b42">(Lipsey and Wilson 2001)</ref>. Regarding correlations, we found that 24 unpublished studies with a correlation of zero would reduce the weighted average from .612 to .500. Reducing mean agreement to .700, indicating medium agreement, would require 15 studies with an agreement of zero <ref type="bibr" coords="7,475.43,274.59,77.65,8.79;7,318.00,285.61,42.97,8.79" target="#b6">(Brown and Hauenstein 2005)</ref>. Compared with the number of studies reporting reliability, these fail-safe Ns are quite large.</p><p>Second, we employed the "trim and fill" method <ref type="bibr" coords="7,529.82,307.65,28.27,8.79;7,318.00,318.67,78.97,8.79" target="#b16">(Duval and Tweedie 2000)</ref>, which assumes that publication bias becomes apparent through an asymmetric distribution of study results. Therefore, the sample is first "trimmed"-that is, the most extreme studies are removed until a symmetric distribution is achieved. Then, an unbiased mean effect is computed. In a next step, the sample is "filled"-that is, the algorithm adds the removed studies back to the data while imputing a mirror result below the unbiased effect. Applying this procedure to correlational measures of reliability, we found that no studies below the mean seemed to be missing. With regard to agreement, the results indicate that 11 studies are likely missing. However, after correcting for publication bias, the weighted mean agreement is .841, suggesting only a minor bias.</p><p>Hypothesis testing. The level of the data available for hypothesis testing varies. For construct and method characteristics, we have access to complete information at the construct level. However, for the remaining antecedents, data are only available at the study level and are typically incomplete. Therefore, we employed different approaches to test these antecedents.</p><p>Because construct characteristics and method characteristics are nested in studies, we tested hypotheses using multilevel regression and weighted individual observations <ref type="bibr" coords="7,318.00,583.15,86.31,8.79" target="#b22">(Geyskens et al. 2009</ref> study effect as weights <ref type="bibr" coords="8,153.57,54.22,118.55,8.79" target="#b62">(Thompson and Sharp 1999)</ref>. For agreement, we used the square root of the sample size as weights because standard errors are not available <ref type="bibr" coords="8,258.03,76.72,36.03,8.79;8,54.00,87.97,125.62,8.79" target="#b15">(Dunlap, Burke, and Smith-Crowe 2003)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="8,186.45,87.97,29.89,8.79" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> reports the results; for exact model specifications, see Web Appendix C (www. marketingpower.com/jmr_webappendix). Our data support H 1 , which predicts that key informant reliability is greater for constructs pertaining to the present rather than the past (b Cor = .094, p &lt; .01; b Ag = .021, p &lt; .01). Likewise, H 2 is supported: Constructs referring to objective information are associated with significantly higher correlation and agreement values (b Cor = .072, p &lt; .01; b Ag = .007, p &lt; .01). In addition, as H 3 predicted, correlations and agreement are significantly higher when constructs refer to salient events (b Cor =.129, p &lt; .01; b Ag = .013, p &lt; .01). However, we find no effect of a construct's specificity (b Cor = -.017, p &gt; .05; b Ag = .002, p &gt; .05). Thus, the data do not support H 4 . Finally, agreement is higher for constructs referring to the organization versus the environment (b Ag = .013, p &lt; .01). However, the effect is not significant with correlations as dependent variable (b Cor = .015, p &gt; .05). Thus, H 5 is only partially supported.</p><p>Moreover, our data support H 14 , which predicts that reliability estimates are higher if archival data are used for triangulation (b Cor = .450, p &lt; .01). The results provide little support for H 15 . Although correlational reliability estimates are higher if key informants from the same function are used for triangulation (b Cor = .101, p &lt; .05), informant similarity does not have any effect otherwise.</p><p>To test the remaining hypotheses, we computed the mean reliability for each study for use as dependent variable. We applied weighted regression, using the weights described previously multiplied by the square root of the number of constructs in the study to account for the precision of the aggregates. To maximize usable observations, we analyzed each antecedent separately <ref type="bibr" coords="8,138.86,447.96,89.51,8.79" target="#b21">(Franke and Park 2006)</ref>, with the exception of industry characteristics for which usable observations are identical. <ref type="table" coords="8,375.71,54.22,31.13,8.79" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> reports the results; for exact model specifications, see Web Appendix C (www.marketingpower. com/jmr_webappendix).</p><p>Regarding informant characteristics, H 6 is supported. Correlations and agreement are higher if the key informant holds a higher position (b Cor = .319, p &lt; .01; b Ag = .014, p &lt; .05). H 7 is not supported; an informant's functional position has no effect (b Cor = -.273, p &gt; .05; b Ag = .005, p &gt; .05). Regarding average informant tenure, we find an effect on agreement but not on correlations (b Cor = .057, p &gt; .05; b Ag = .021, p &lt; .05). Thus, H 8 is only partially supported.</p><p>Regarding organizational characteristics, we find that, consistent with H 9 , correlations are smaller if organization size is high, but we observe no such effect for agreement (b Cor = -.131, p &lt; .05; b Ag = -.012, p &gt; .05). Thus, H 9 is partially supported. H 10 , which predicts greater reliability for older organizations, is not supported (b Cor = .011, p &gt; .05; b Ag = .012, p &gt; .05).</p><p>Among the industry characteristics, we find a significant, negative effect of industry concentration on correlations and agreement (b Cor = -1.368, p &lt; .05; b Ag = -.204, p &lt; .01), consistent with H 11 . In support of H 12 , R&amp;D intensity significantly affects the reliability of responses (b Cor = 5.126, p &lt; .05; b Ag = .393, p &lt; .05). Industry dynamism is not related to key informant reliability (b Cor = -.194, p &gt; .05; b Ag = .712, p &gt; .05). Thus, H 13 is not supported.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY 2: ANTECEDENTS TO KEY INFORMANT VALIDITY Hypotheses</head><p>Next, we present hypotheses on antecedents to key informant validity. We focus on construct characteristics because the results of Study 1 suggest that they play a central role in driving response behavior. In addition, the data collection for the meta-analysis revealed practically no applied studies reporting validity, limiting our access to largescale data on study level antecedents.  While social cognition theory suggests that availability of relevant information and difficulty of retrieval introduce random error, scholars note that these same issues can also introduce the risk of systematic error . That is, for constructs for which informants lack pertinent knowledge and/or struggle to retrieve such knowledge from their long-term memory, these informants may provide a random best guess (thus threatening reliability) or may use some heuristic to guide their response (thus threatening validity). Systematic response tendencies that may come into play when information relevant to a construct is unavailable or difficult to retrieve include implicit theories, affectivity, central tendency, and leniency biases, among others . Thus, the five construct characteristics discussed in the section on reliability may also influence the extent of systematic error.</p><p>Temporal reference. If constructs refer to the distant past, locating and retrieving adequate information from memory is difficult. As a consequence, informants may report what they believe might have plausibly happened rather than what they specifically remember has happened in that past time period, increasing the potential of systematic tendencies to affect the response process. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="10,223.36,308.10,70.58,8.79;10,54.00,319.64,26.77,8.79" target="#b31">Huber and Power (1985)</ref> argue that retrospective accounts are subject to attributional bias (in which informants believe that their past decisions were more rational than they actually were), which can introduce systematic error when respondents reconstruct the past. Objectivity. Reporting objective data is less demanding, and thus the risk of distorting influences is lower than if key informants must engage in subjective assessments <ref type="bibr" coords="10,263.84,433.37,30.05,8.79;10,54.00,444.91,99.42,8.79" target="#b12">(Davis, Douglas, and Silk 1981)</ref>. In contrast, constructs requiring informants to perform subjective assessments open up the possibility for informants to (knowingly or unknowingly) report systematically erroneous information.</p><p>H 17 : The validity of key informant responses is greater for more objective constructs (vs. more subjective constructs).</p><p>Salience. As we argued previously, because salient events are more elaborately coded and have greater emotional impact, information availability and retrievability tend to be greater for salient events than for routine processes. Consequently, we expect systematic response errors to play a lesser role when salience is high.</p><p>H 18 : The validity of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to more salient events (vs. more routine events).</p><p>Specificity. Not only might the task of aggregating information over multiple people when providing responses on nonpersonal entities such as organizations cause random computation mistakes, but its high cognitive demand may also lead uncertain respondents to adopt systematic response tendencies. For example, high cognitive demand placed on respondents has been associated with the response style of acquiescence <ref type="bibr" coords="10,112.22,717.71,62.04,8.79" target="#b47">(Paulhus 1991)</ref>, the tendency to agree with items regardless of content. Thus:</p><p>Local scope. The lack of firsthand experience when reporting on environmental (as opposed to firm-internal) issues introduces the risk of systematic error. When relevant firsthand experience is unavailable, respondents' imagination may fill in information gaps <ref type="bibr" coords="10,454.16,135.58,99.42,8.79" target="#b31">(Huber and Power 1985)</ref>, which may lead them to systematically over-or underreport.</p><p>H 20 : The validity of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to phenomena internal to the firm (vs. phenomena related to the firm environment).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methodology</head><p>Data. To employ the MTMM techniques necessary to assess key informant validity, we need intertrait, intratrait, intermethod, and intramethod correlations from multiple informants on multiple traits. Our search for applications of triangulation described in the previous study ( <ref type="figure" coords="10,519.20,261.05,38.87,8.79">Figure 2)</ref> indicates that between 1998 and 2010, no study in six major journals reports this information. Moreover, with the exception of <ref type="bibr" coords="10,348.15,294.50,60.42,8.79" target="#b48">Phillips (1981)</ref>, studies on applications of MTMM techniques focus mostly on self-reports, with method factors representing measurement techniques <ref type="bibr" coords="10,447.44,327.95,70.39,8.79" target="#b40">Lance et al. 2010)</ref>.</p><p>Thus, we needed to turn to a different data source to test antecedents to key informant validity. We relied on eight own data sets from the field of marketing strategy, which used at least two key informants from each organization. These data sets are from cross-sectional, cross-industry surveys, thus reflecting typical conditions of key informant studies in marketing research <ref type="bibr" coords="10,449.10,406.00,104.50,8.79" target="#b52">(Rindfleisch et al. 2008)</ref>. From these studies, we used 127 constructs. <ref type="table" coords="10,506.55,417.15,31.04,8.79" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> provides an overview of the key informant samples and lists exemplary constructs.</p><p>Assessment of key informant validity. From the various methods available to analyze MTMM matrices using CFA <ref type="bibr" coords="10,318.00,472.90,126.68,8.79" target="#b68">(Bagozzi, Yi, and Phillips 1991)</ref>, we relied on the correlated traits correlated methods (CTCM) approach <ref type="bibr" coords="10,497.73,484.05,60.18,8.79;10,318.00,495.20,74.83,8.79" target="#b76">(Lance, Noble, and Scullen 2002)</ref> to separate true score variance, systematic measurement error, and random measurement error. In this approach, a latent variable is specified for each trait (i.e., construct) and each method (i.e., informant), and each indicator loads on one trait factor and one method factor. Moreover, traits are allowed to correlate freely with other traits, and methods are allowed to correlate freely with other methods. Web Appendix D (www.marketingpower.com/ jmr_ webappendix) provides a formal and visual representation of this specification.</p><p>More specifically, to analyze key informant validity, we specified a series of CTCM models. To deal with the relatively common issue of nonconvergence, particularly in smaller samples <ref type="bibr" coords="10,384.50,640.15,90.86,8.79" target="#b52">(Rindfleisch et al. 2008</ref>), we relied on three approaches. First, instead of including all traits from one data set in a complex single model, the models we specified always included a set of four traits. To generalize across different trait combinations, we randomly assigned traits to these models and considered each trait in multiple models (20 on average). All models included two method factors because two types of key informants were used in all our samples. Second, consistent with our hypotheses that refer to validity at the construct level, we constrained loadings on each method factor to be equal for all items measuring the same construct using the same key informant. While reducing the number of improper solutions, these constraints do not substantially affect our results. Third, we excluded all models from further analysis for which standardized loadings exceeded 1 <ref type="bibr" coords="11,177.33,401.14,75.50,8.79" target="#b40">(Lance et al. 2010)</ref>, which is a sign of nonconvergence.</p><p>For each resulting model, we computed the variance attributable to the type of key informant used by squaring the loadings on the method factor for each indicator . We then averaged the method variance obtained this way across all items of the construct. Next, we averaged this estimate across all models including the respective construct to arrive at one estimate of key informant bias per construct. It represents the amount of variance of the construct's indicators that is due to the types of key informants and serves as the dependent variable for testing the hypotheses of Study 2.</p><p>Coding. To measure the construct characteristics evoked by our hypotheses, we used the same expert rating approach as in the first study. Interrater reliability of the four judges was again high, with ICC(2, k) values ranging from .71 (objectivity) to .87 (local scope).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Descriptive analysis. Before testing our hypotheses, we analyzed the percentage of variance in our data due to the key informant types. Consistent with previous studies (e.g., , we computed the mean share of key informant variance at the item level. To account for the fact that random measurement error averages out if a construct is measured through multiple items, we also computed the exact mean share of key informant variance at the construct level using the formula described in Web Appendix E (www.marketingpower.com/jmr_webappendix). In <ref type="table" coords="11,261.48,729.10,32.43,8.79" target="#tab_5">Table 5,</ref> we report descriptive results with regard to the construct categories previously employed in Study 1.</p><p>Overall, we find that 19% (26.4%) of indicator (construct) variance in our samples is due to the informant type used. Regarding the construct categories, we find that systematic error is particularly low for performance-related constructs (8.6%; 12.3%). Systematic measurement error is also below average for constructs referring to the firm environment (13.7%; 17.3%). In contrast, systematic measurement error is more problematic with respect to intraorganizational (24.0%; 33.7%) and interorganizational constructs (23.0%; 33.2%).</p><p>Hypothesis testing. Because our data are hierarchically structured (constructs are nested in studies), we use multilevel regression. Web Appendix F (www.marketingpower. com/ jmr_webappendix) reports the exact model specifications.   the construct refers to the present rather than the past. This effect is significant at the item level (b I = -.028, p &lt; .05) but not at the construct level (b C = -.012, p &gt; .05). Thus, support for H 16 is mixed. Furthermore, key informant variance is significantly lower for constructs referring to objective information (b I = -.066, p &lt; .05; b C = -.076, p &lt; .05) and salient events (b I = -.034, p &lt; .05; b C = -.040, p &lt; .05), in support of H 17 and H 18 . Key informant variance barely differs depending on whether constructs refer to characteristics of specific people versus social entities (b I = .001, p &gt; .05; b C = .000, p &gt; .05), which leads us to reject H 19 . Finally, there is no support for H 20 , predicting that key informant variance is lower when the construct refers to phenomena internal to the firm (b I = .009, p &gt; .05; b C = .002, p &gt; .05).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Implications for Empirical Research Using Triangulation</head><p>Our findings have implications for marketing and management researchers who consider using a key informant survey as their primary data source. On the basis of our empirical analyses, we offer insights on seven important questions they are facing.</p><p>Are key informant reports accurate? Our results allow us to empirically determine the overall accuracy of key informants. To evaluate these results, an important first step is to identify specific levels of key informant reliability and key informant validity that are deemed acceptable.</p><p>For correlational approaches to reliability, researchers might consider the .70 reliability cutoff for the sum of a construct's indicators <ref type="bibr" coords="12,127.10,640.50,66.36,8.79" target="#b46">(Nunnally 1978)</ref> and the .60 threshold for aggregates across organizational informants <ref type="bibr" coords="12,238.27,651.58,51.15,8.79" target="#b24">(Glick 1985)</ref>. However, reported r and ICC(1) traditionally measure reliability of individual informants instead of aggregates.</p><p>The literature on CFA offers insights into appropriate levels of individual indicators that seem more relevant. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,53.95,706.98,93.40,8.79" target="#b1">Bagozzi and Yi (1988)</ref> require the reliability of individual indicators on average to be no smaller than .50. However, they make this recommendation under the assumption that multiple indicators are present to measure a construct. Thus, instead of relying on a universal .50 threshold to assess the reliability of individual key informants, the research context needs to be taken into consideration. Particularly, individual key informant reliability should be relatively greater if only one key informant is used. Moreover, reliability requirements should also depend on the typical effect sizes in a research domain. We aimed to analytically determine the level of key informant reliability needed to identify true small, medium, and large effects in different sample sizes (for details, see Web Appendix G at www.marketingpower. com/jrm_webappendix). Our analyses reveal that to identify true small effects (f 2 = .02, r = .14) in a sample of 500 firms, individual key informant reliability must be .62 or higher. To find medium effects (f 2 = .15, r = .36) in a sample of 100 firms, a key informant reliability of .54 is sufficient (with smaller reliabilities needed in larger samples). Given the mean reliability of .612 that we find in our meta-analysis, key informant data may be problematic if researchers expect small effects, but they are adequate for identifying medium and large effects. Finally, when rather distant archival proxies are used for triangulation, small reliability estimates may not be surprising. Therefore, when interpreting reliability estimates, researchers should also take the conceptual closeness of the data points into account, as we do in our meta-analysis. For the rwg (J) agreement measure, <ref type="bibr" coords="12,318.00,341.93,127.36,8.79" target="#b6">Brown and Hauenstein (2005)</ref> suggest a .80 threshold as being indicative of strong agreement. The average key informant agreement of .872 that we find in our first study compares favorably with this cutoff value.</p><p>To the best of our knowledge, no established thresholds exist for evaluating systematic measurement error. Thus, to interpret the results from our second study, we describe additional analyses in Web Appendix G (www.marketingpower. com/jmr_webappendix). First, we assessed the risk of systematic error creating an artificial effect where no true effect is present. In samples of 500 firms, an 8% share of systematic error could suffice to produce such an artificial effect, whereas in samples of 100 firms, a 19% share is required. Thus, the results reported in <ref type="table" coords="12,435.19,485.84,30.15,8.79" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref> indicate that there is a risk of finding artificial effects, especially in large samples. Second, we explored the case of systematic error masking a true effect. If the covariance between systematic error components has the opposite sign of the true effect, even a 5% share of systematic error could mask true small effects in large samples. At the same time, a 20% (28%) share of systematic error is needed to mask a medium (large) effect under these conditions. Thus, the average degree of bias in our data sets suggests that there is a risk that true small and medium effects are not correctly identified using key informants.</p><p>Our finding of a mean item-level key informant variance of 19% is consistent with the results of , who report for item variance in self-reports a share of method influences of 15.8% in marketing and 23.8% in other business disciplines. At the same time, it is worth stressing that our results do not imply that research using single key informants is necessarily biased. We report the mean share of systematic error across key informants, but consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="12,381.88,707.24,58.99,8.79" target="#b48">Phillips (1981)</ref>, there is variability between key informants in our data. For example, in the last data set listed in <ref type="table" coords="12,355.04,729.38,30.01,8.79" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref>, we find a mean share of item-level key Our results support <ref type="bibr" coords="13,147.73,98.50,69.94,8.79" target="#b58">Spector's (2006)</ref> claim that it is an urban legend that everything measured with the same method automatically shares common method variance. Indeed, key informant accuracy can be linked to a diverse set of conditions, which we discuss in the next paragraphs. Thus, we suggest that relying on key informants can be useful if the circumstances are right.</p><p>For which phenomena are key informant responses particularly accurate? We find key informant accuracy to vary systematically depending on the construct being measured. Key informants are significantly more reliable for constructs that refer to the present, that point to objectively verifiable referents, and that address salient events. In addition, there is some evidence that they are less reliable for constructs referring to the firm environment. Comparing standardized regression coefficients shows that the routine versus salience factor has the strongest effect for correlations ( Cor = -.156), followed by present versus past ( Cor = .105) and subjective versus objective ( Cor = -.104). Regarding agreement, the strongest effects occurred for present versus past ( Ag = .193), environment versus organization ( Ag = -.191), routine versus salience ( Ag = -.161), and subjective versus objective ( Ag = -.083). In addition, we find key informant validity to be greater for constructs pointing to objective referents and addressing salient issues.</p><p>Scholars can use these findings to assess the suitability of key informants for their particular study. For example, key informant responses on performance outcomes (objectively verifiable and salient) are likely to be relatively accurate. However, for measures of organizational culture (subjective and routine processes), key informants are less likely to be highly accurate.</p><p>Which key informants provide particularly reliable responses? Our results suggest that reliability is linked to the informant's hierarchical position and tenure. Informants in high hierarchical positions and with longer tenure are more reliable. As  note, response reliability is thus linked to the experience of the particular informant.</p><p>For which organizations are key informant responses particularly reliable? Overall, our results indicate that organizational characteristics do not substantively affect key informant reliability. Thus, key informants appear to be a suitable data source for various kinds of organizations. One exception seems noteworthy: Reliability (as measured through correlational approaches) is significantly lower for large organizations, suggesting that key informant methodology is particularly useful for research on small and mediumsized enterprises.</p><p>In which industries are key informant responses particularly reliable? Key informants appear to be less reliable when industry concentration is high (e.g., the four largest firms have a market share greater than 40%). In addition, key informants are more reliable in R&amp;D-intensive industries.</p><p>When should researchers employ key informant triangulation? The results of this research indicate that scholars should employ triangulation if at least one of two conditions is met: (1) Key informant response accuracy is expected to be low (relevant conditions are discussed previously), and/or (2) little empirical evidence on key informant response reliability exists in the particular research domain. As <ref type="figure" coords="13,502.78,77.13,32.33,8.79">Figure 2</ref> illustrates, this is especially the case for constructs referring to interorganizational relationships and constructs referring to the organizational environment.</p><p>How should researchers implement triangulation? First, with respect to the goals of triangulation, we suggest that researchers address both reliability and validity issues. Moreover, given the degree of systematic error that we find, an advisable step is to pursue the goal of enhancing validity using the methods referred to in <ref type="figure" coords="13,452.54,180.18,33.42,8.79">Figure 1</ref>. Second, regarding the number of triangulated constructs, a prudent approach is to collect data from multiple sources for at least two (preferably three) constructs, which is a requirement for applying CFA-based MTMM approaches. Third, our analyses suggest cautious use of absolute threshold values to assess reliability. As our elaboration of thresholds reflects, the implications of reliability and validity for hypotheses testing strongly depend on effect size, sample size, and the type of data used. (Lower reliability values can be expected if survey data is used for triangulation instead of archival data.) Thus, we recommend assessing triangulation coefficients in light of these study-specific parameters. Fourth, our search for studies using triangulation revealed the need for improved reporting of triangulation. Only 127 studies (of 182) provide numerical reliability information. In addition to information on key informant validity, this should always be made available.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Implications for Further Methodological Research on Triangulation</head><p>Our results also have some implications for further methodological research. First, researchers could attempt to uncover the exact cognitive mechanisms behind our findings. For example, we find that key informants respond more accurately if constructs refer to objectively verifiable referents. Our social cognition explanation is that in these situations, information availability/retrievability is greater. However, if key informants are strategically inclined to misrepresent their perceptions, except when they know their responses can ultimately be verified, our findings would not differ.</p><p>Second, further research could investigate how key informant reliability and validity are linked to other aspects of response behavior, such as response times. Fast response times could indicate high information availability and thus higher response accuracy. Third, whereas most methodological studies related to key informant research rely on MTMM-based methods to analyze validity, applied empirical studies do not employ these methods, perhaps owing to estimation problems common to many MTMM model specifications. These problems have led to recommendations regarding sample size (n ≥ 250), number of informants (k ≥ 3), and number of triangulated constructs (t ≥ 3) <ref type="bibr" coords="13,317.96,683.53,139.91,8.79" target="#b76">(Lance, Noble, and Scullen 2002)</ref> that most studies in our meta-analysis do not meet. Thus, on the basis of insights from <ref type="figure" coords="13,341.84,706.43,35.95,8.79">Figure 1</ref> regarding typical triangulation designs in applied research, researchers should develop approaches to detecting systematic error with more realistic requirements.</p><p>1</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>What Drives Key Informant Accuracy?</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Christian Homburg, Martin Klarmann, Martin Reimann, and Oliver Schilke</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WEB APPENDIXES</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WEB APPENDIX A: DETAILS ON THE CODING OF CONSTRUCT CHARACTERISTICS IN STUDY 1</head><p>To measure the construct characteristics evoked by the first study's hypotheses, we relied on expert judgments from four veteran marketing researchers (all with considerable publication experience in leading journals of the field), who provided scores for five construct characteristics.</p><p>Two of them are co-authors of the paper. To provide the experts with necessary background information, an assessment sheet was prepared for each construct considered in the metaanalysis. Information included the construct name, the study the construct was included in, the construct definition, the corresponding paragraph from the measurement section, and the questionnaire items. A sample assessment sheet is reproduced below.</p><p>The experts were asked to assess the construct characteristics using five seven-point semantic differentials (also reproduced below). When wording these semantic differentials, we took care to ensure that they would only refer to characteristics of the constructs, without requiring any assumptions about the study's key informants, organizations, or industries. We also instructed the expert judges to solely assess the constructs based on the assessment sheet. To ensure that the experts had all necessary information to provide valid judgments, we conducted a pretest of the assessment sheets using a subsample of twenty randomly selected constructs. After the pretest, the experts all agreed that they had sufficient information and were not forced to make assumptions about informants, organizations, or industries.</p><p>2 After assessing the constructs separately, we followed  by establishing consensus among the experts in cases where scores differed on average by 2 or more. The resulting measures of construct characteristics showed high inter-rater reliability, with ICC(2,k) ratings ranging from .71 (temporal reference) to .86 (local scope).</p><p>3</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample Assessment Sheet</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4">WEB APPENDIX B: DETAILS ON THE CODING OF INDUSTRY CHARACTERISTICS IN STUDY 1</head><p>In our meta-analysis, we consider three industry characteristics. First, we study the effect of industry concentration. We measure it using the sum of the sales market shares of the industry's four largest firms . The required industry composition information was available for 70 studies in our sample. Also, we required information on the year in which the survey had taken place. Here, exact information was provided in 27 studies, with an average time-span of six years between data collection and publication. For the remaining 43 studies we approximated the year of the survey by using this average. We then collected information from COMPUSTAT on industry concentration for the five years prior to data collection. For each study, industry concentration was calculated as a weighted average across the five data points, with weights reflecting the industry composition of the study's sample.</p><p>Second, we analyze the effect of industry R&amp;D intensity. While collecting data in a similar way as described above, R&amp;D intensity was measured as the ratio of industry R&amp;D expenditures to total industry sales (e.g., Lee and Mahmood 2009) across the five years preceding a study's data collection.</p><p>Third, we consider sales volatility, which is indicative of industry dynamism . To compute this index, we regressed industry sales in the five years prior to data collection on a variable representing the time period. The standard error of this regression was then divided by the mean of the dependent variable, yielding the sales volatility index .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>5</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WEB APPENDIX C: EXACT MODEL SPECIFICATIONS FOR HYPOTHESIS TESTING IN STUDY 1</head><p>In <ref type="table" coords="20,119.06,139.58,70.31,11.23" target="#tab_1">Tables 2 and 3</ref> in the paper, we report the effects of hypothesized antecedents to informant reliability. Here, we reproduce the exact specification of the models in equation form.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Models estimating the impact of construct characteristics and method characteristics</head><p>Data on construct characteristics and method characteristics are available at the construct level. Because oftentimes reliability data for multiple constructs come from a single study, the data is structured hierarchically. Hence, we use multilevel regression with a random intercept (capturing study-wide influences) and fixed effects of the antecedents to informant reliability. where Cor ij : Reliability of construct i from study j measured through Pearson's r or ICC(1) Ag ij : Informant agreement for construct i from study j measured through rwg(J) index PRESENT ij : Degree to which construct i from study j refers to the present (versus the past) OBJECTIVE ij : Degree to which construct i from study j refers to objectively verifiable referents (versus subjective states and attitudes) 6 SALIENCE ij : Degree to which construct i from study j refers to salient events (versus routine processes) SPECIFIC ij : Degree to which construct i from study j refers to specific individuals (versus specific individuals) INSIDE ij : Degree to which construct i from study j refers to characteristics of the organization (versus characteristics of the environment) OBJ ij : Dummy variable indicating whether objective data was used to assess key informant reliability for construct i in study j CUST ij : Dummy variable indicating whether customer data was used to assess key informant reliability for construct i in study j HIERDIF ij : Dummy variable indicating whether data from key informants with a different hierarchical background was used to assess key informant reliability for construct i in study j FUNDIF ij : Dummy variable indicating whether data from key informants with a different functional background was used to assess key informant reliability for construct i in study j INDEX ij : Dummy variable indicating whether Cor ij was measured through ICC(1).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specification of the model that considers correlational reliability as dependent variable:</head><p>As described in the paper, individual observations were weighted for the purpose of model estimation using the inverse of the standard errors of Cor ij as weights with correlations as DV and the square root of the size of the sample used to compute Ag ij as weights with agreement as DV.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Models estimating the impact of informant characteristics, organizational characteristics, and industry characteristics</head><p>Data on informant characteristics, organizational characteristics, and industry characteristics were available at the study level. Hence, as described in the paper, we aggregated construct level reliabilities to a study estimate and used weighted regression analysis to estimate the impact of the different antecedents. In the following we reproduce the exact model 7 specifications of models using average correlations in study j ( j Cor ) and average agreement in study j ( j Ag ) as dependent variables.</p><p>Specification of the models with informant hierarchical position as independent variable:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="22,72.42,186.29,285.74,13.52">j j PO SITIO N C or β α j j PO SITIO N A g β α</formula><p>where POSITION j is the hierarchical position of the first key informant, coded as reported.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specification of the models with informant specialization as independent variable:</head><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="22,72.46,299.81,278.04,13.24">j j SPECIA L Cor β α j j SPECIA L A g β α</formula><p>where SPECIAL j is a dummy variable, indicating whether the first key informants holds a specialist position (versus a generalist position).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specification of the models with average informant tenure as independent variable:</head><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="22,72.38,446.90,278.53,13.14">j j TEN U R E C or β α j j TEN U R E A g β α</formula><p>where TENURE j is the natural logarithm of the average tenure of the first key informant in the unit of analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specification of the models with average organization size as independent variable:</head><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="22,72.47,588.26,284.65,13.24">j j O RG SIZE Cor β α j j O RG SIZE A g β α</formula><p>where ORGSIZE j is the natural logarithm of the average number of employees in the first key informant's organization.</p><p>8 Specification of the models with average organization age as independent variable:</p><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="23,72.45,107.11,278.96,13.34">j j O RG A G E Cor β α j j O R G A G E A g β α</formula><p>where ORGAGE j is the natural logarithm of the average number years the first key informant's organization is in existence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specification of the models with industry characteristics as independent variables:</head><formula xml:id="formula_5" coords="23,72.42,248.66,463.40,14.35">j 3 j 2 j 1 j DYN RDINT CONCEN Cor β β β α j 3 j 2 j 1 j DYN RDINT CONCEN Ag β β β α</formula><p>where CONCEN j is the sum of the sales market shares of the four largest firms in the industry of the key informants' firms during the five years before data collection RDINT j is ratio of R&amp;D expenditures to total sales in the industry of the key informants' firms during the five years before data collection DYN j is the industry sales volatility in the industry of the key informants' firms during the five years before data collection. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MTMM-MODEL SPECIFICATIONS USED IN STUDY 2</head><p>To measure the degree of systematic error variance in the key informant data sets used in Study 2, we relied on an approach that combines Multi-Trait Multi-Method (MTMM) matrices with confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). In this context, a number of different approaches have been developed . In this section of the Web Appendix, we justify our specific choice and then reproduce the exact model specification both in equation form and visually.</p><p>To estimate the amount of variance that is due to the specific type of key informant used, we relied on the Correlated Traits Correlated Methods (CTCM) approach <ref type="bibr" coords="24,425.90,332.81,92.05,11.23;24,70.82,360.41,64.80,11.23" target="#b76">(Lance, Noble, and Scullen 2002)</ref>. In this specification, each indicator loads on one trait factor (i.e., construct) and one method factor (i.e., informant). Moreover, traits are allowed to correlate freely with other traits, and methods are allowed to correlate freely with other methods.</p><p>We chose the CTCM approach for three reasons. (1) "[I]t is theoretically the most faithful to the design of the MTMM matrix" <ref type="bibr" coords="24,247.92,470.71,124.49,11.23">(Lance et al. 2010, p. 443)</ref>.</p><p>(2) It is consistently used in related studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="24,396.55,498.31,84.53,11.23" target="#b40">Lance et al. 2010)</ref>. (3) It avoids the upward bias in trait loadings of the correlated uniqueness (CU) specification that is often considered the best alternative to the CTCM approach <ref type="bibr" coords="24,360.87,553.51,159.72,11.23" target="#b76">(Lance, Noble, and Scullen 2002)</ref>. It is worth noting that by using the CTCM approach, we assume that traits and methods are independent of each other . However, the direct product (DP) approach that relaxes this assumption  does not allow the separation of trait and method variance ) that is central to our analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>10</head><p>The key characteristics of the CTCM models we estimated are as follows:</p><p>Two methods: In all CTCM models two method factors were specified (representing the two types of informants used in our datasets)</p><p>Four traits: In all CTCM models four trait factors were specified (representing four randomly selected constructs from a single dataset).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Varying number of indicators:</head><p>The number of indicators per trait typically varied but they were always equally distributed across informant types.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Constrained loadings on method factors: Our theoretical considerations imply that all</head><p>items of a construct that are measured through the same key informant contain the same amount of systematic error variance. Therefore (and to reduce the risk of model nonconvergence), we constrained the loadings on the method factor to be equal across all items measuring the same construct using the same key informant.</p><p>No correlations between traits and methods: In our models traits were allowed to correlate freely with other traits and methods were allowed to correlate freely with other methods. However, no correlations between traits and methods were specified.</p><p>Hence, for each model, we estimated the following latent variable covariance matrix: where Φ ij represents the covariance of latent variable ξ i with ξ j. Note that we established a scale for the latent variables by setting their variance to 1 <ref type="bibr" coords="25,348.33,707.98,65.37,11.23" target="#b70">(Brown 2006)</ref>.</p><formula xml:id="formula_6" coords="25,113.19,554.91,147.34,98.39">1 Φ 0 0 0 0 Φ 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Φ Φ Φ 0 0 Φ 1 Φ Φ 0 0 Φ Φ 1 Φ 0 0 Φ Φ Φ</formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>11</head><p>The corresponding measurement model is shown below. Here, we assume that all traits are measured using two items per informant. In our data this number varied. where x k is the k th observed variable, λ ik is the loading of observed variable k on latent variable ξ i and δ k is the random measurement error of the k th observed variable. Note that equality constraints for factor loadings are represented using identical indices for two loadings.</p><p>An illustrative visualization of the CTCM model specification we used appears below (again, we assume that each trait is measured through two indicators per informant):</p><p>Informant 1 (ξ 5 ) Informant 2 (ξ 6 )</p><p>Trait 1 (ξ 1 )</p><p>x 1 x 2 x 3 x 4</p><p>Trait 1 (ξ 1 )</p><p>x 1 x 2 x 3 x 4</p><p>Trait 2 (ξ 2 )</p><p>x 5 x 6 x 7 x 8</p><p>Trait 2 (ξ 2 )</p><p>x 5 x 6 x 7 x 8</p><p>Trait 3 (ξ 3 )</p><p>x 9 x 10 x 11 x 12</p><p>Trait 3 (ξ 3 )</p><p>x 9 x 10 x 11 x 12</p><p>Trait 4 (ξ 4 )</p><p>x 13 x 14 x 15 x 16</p><p>Trait 4 (ξ 4 )</p><p>x 13 x 14 x 15 x 16  <ref type="table" coords="28,106.22,139.58,36.27,11.23" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref> in the paper reports the average share of key informant variance across the constructs in our study. We report the share of systematic error at the item level and the share of systematic error at the construct level. In the following, we reproduce the formulas used to arrive at these measures for individual constructs (i.e., before averaging across all constructs in our sample). To measure the average item level key informant variance ISys for a given construct we used the following formula:</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FORMULAS USED TO DERIVE SHARE OF SYSTEMATIC MEASUREMENT ERROR</head><formula xml:id="formula_7" coords="28,108.14,305.56,123.08,16.64">2 / ) ( ISys 2 2 I 2 1 I λ λ (E.1)</formula><p>where λ I1 is the standardized factor loading of the items measured through informant I1 on the factor representing I1. In this context, it is worth mentioning again that we specified loadings on the method factor to be equal for all indicators measuring a construct through the same informant.</p><p>In all models we only considered two informants.</p><p>To account for the fact that random measurement error averages out if multiple indicators of a construct are used to form a composite, we also computed key informant variance at the construct level. To do so, we adapted the classic formula for composite reliability to indicate the share of systematic error in the sum of a constructs items measured through the same informant.</p><p>We reproduce the formula used for the first informant below. where λ I1k is the standardized factor loading on the factor representing informant I1 of the k th item of trait T measured through informant I1.</p><p>λ Tk is the standardized factor loading on the trait factor of the k th item of trait T measured through informant I1. θ δk is the variance of the random error of the k th item of trait T measured through informant I1.</p><p>The term in the numerator captures the variance specific to informant 1. The left term in the denominator captures the variance due to the trait T, the right term in the denominator captures the variance due to the random error. It can be seen that the impact of random measurement error becomes relatively smaller if the number of indicators increases. Hence, for constructs measured through a large number of items, the formula simply indicates the ratio of systematic error variance to the sum of systematic error variance and trait variance.  <ref type="table" coords="30,106.22,139.58,36.31,11.23" target="#tab_3">Table 6</ref> in the paper reports the effects of hypothesized antecedents to key informant validity. Again, the data is hierarchical in nature, with constructs being nested in data sets. Therefore, we use multilevel regression with a random intercept (capturing data set-wide influences) and fixed effects of construct characteristics as antecedents to key informant validity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>15</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WEB APPENDIX F: EXACT MODEL SPECIFICATION FOR HYPOTHESIS TESTING IN STUDY 2</head><p>We specified two models, one with the degree of systematic error measured at the item level, the other with the degree of systematic error measured at the construct level. We reproduce the exact model specifications below:</p><formula xml:id="formula_8" coords="30,72.42,331.93,428.57,47.52">ij 5 ij 4 ij 3 ij 2 ij 1 j ij INSIDE SPECIFIC SALIENCE OBJECTIVE PRESENT ISys β β β β β α ij 5 ij 4 ij 3 ij 2 ij 1 j ij INSIDE SPECIFIC SALIENCE OBJECTIVE PRESENT CSys β β β β β α</formula><p>where ISys ij : Average share of systematic error variance in the indicators used to measure construct i from dataset j CSys ij : Share of systematic error variance in the composite of the items used to measure construct i from dataset j PRESENT ij : Degree to which construct i from dataset j refers to the present (versus the past) OBJECTIVE ij : Degree to which construct i from dataset j refers to objectively verifiable referents (versus subjective states and attitudes) SALIENCE ij : Degree to which construct i from dataset j refers to salient events (versus routine processes) 16 SPECIFIC ij : Degree to which construct i from dataset j refers to specific individuals (versus abstract social entities) INSIDE ij : Degree to which construct i from dataset j refers to characteristics of the organization (versus characteristics of the environment of the organization) CR ij : Construct reliability of construct i from dataset j based on a trait-only confirmatory factor analysis considering only construct and its indicators measured through the first informant.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WEB APPENDIX G: ANALYTICAL APPROACH TO DETERMINING ACCEPTABLE LEVELS OF RANDOM</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>AND SYSTEMATIC MEASUREMENT ERROR IN KEY INFORMANT RESPONSES</head><p>A key question in interpreting the results of our studies is whether they indicate key informant responses on average to be reliable and/or valid. However, with the exception of key informant agreement indices, the literature offers little guidance and/or thresholds for what can be considered acceptable levels of key informant reliability and systematic key informant measurement error. Therefore, we conducted some additional analyses reported below.</p><p>Our approach is based on the idea that measurement error becomes problematic if it seriously affects the interpretation of a study's substantive results , in particular those pertaining to hypothesis testing. We focused on the effect of measurement error on the test of bivariate relationships between constructs using correlation coefficients and the corresponding t-test <ref type="bibr" coords="32,169.35,415.61,90.57,11.23" target="#b72">(Cohen et al. 2003)</ref>.</p><p>We outline our considerations first with regard to key informant reliability and then with regard to key informant validity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Key informant reliability and its role in significance testing of correlations</head><p>The t-test for correlation coefficients is our starting point. If two constructs are assessed using one key informant per firm, the resulting correlation coefficient r xy can be tested using the following test statistic <ref type="bibr" coords="32,179.67,581.11,85.51,11.23" target="#b72">(Cohen et al. 2003</ref>): where n is the number of firms in the sample and t is t-distributed with (n-2) df if H 0 (no relationship) holds.</p><p>Based on this test statistic it is possible to determine the lowest correlation coefficient r* that is still significant given a specific sample size and a critical value C of the t-distribution based on the Type I error probability α. (G.2),</p><p>We consider lack of key informant reliability to pose a serious problem if it is so small that a true correlation r between two variables is attenuated by random measurement error in a way that it becomes lower than r* (i.e., if random error prevents us from finding true effects).</p><p>Without losing generalizability, we can assume that the true score variance is 1. We again consider the situation where one key informant per firm with key informant reliability Rel is used</p><p>to assess x and y. Then, the attenuation of a true correlation r xy through random measurement error can be expressed using the following equation. 2), one can derive the amount of reliability required to find a true effect given sample size n, α, and the size of the true effect. With regard to sample sizes, we consider three values for n (100, 250, 500) that correspond to relatively small, medium, and large samples one can expect to find in typical key informant research. We follow common practice and specified α = .05. With regard to the magnitude of the true effects, we refer to <ref type="bibr" coords="33,269.69,608.26,75.04,11.23" target="#b71">Cohen's (1988)</ref> f-squared statistic to distinguish between small, medium, and large effects. Thus, a true correlation of .14 corresponds to a small effect, a correlation of .36 corresponds to a medium effect, and a correlation of .51 corresponds to a large effect.</p><p>Using these values for n, α, and r xy , we can derive the level of reliability needed to find true effects at various effect size/sample size combinations. They are reported in the table below. a) At a sample size of n=100 it is impossible to correctly identify true small effects, even if reliability is 1.00.</p><p>Relating these tabulated values to the average key informant reliability of .612 found in our meta-analysis suggests that it is possible to identify true medium and large effects even in small samples. At the same time, key informant research needs to employ large samples <ref type="formula" coords="34,495.79,341.93,38.99,11.23">(n=500)</ref> in order to identify true small effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Key informant validity and its role in significance testing of correlations</head><p>We employed a similar approach to identify the consequences of systematic measurement error in key informant responses. Our starting point here is equation <ref type="formula" coords="34,400.00,452.35,14.06,11.23">(2)</ref>   can mask a true effect, if it is opposite in sign to Cov(t x ,t y ). Below, we analyze at what levels of systematic measurement error these two problems may arise.</p><p>Before we turn to these analyses, it is worth noting that we focus on situations where Cov(s x ,s y ) = Var(s). This is an assumption in MTMM models using CFA techniques. In these models, all items based on responses by one type of informant load on the same method factor. In other words, the model implies a perfect correlation between systematic error components on all items measured through the same method (i.e., informant). Hence, other than it might appear, Cov(s x ,s y ) does not refer to correlations between methods but to correlations between systematic errors within one method.</p><p>First, we look at the risk of artificial effects caused by systematic measurement error. To simplify the analysis, we assume that Var(t x ) = Var(t y ) =Var(t) and Var(e x ) = Var(e y ) = Var(e).</p><p>Referring to the paragraph above, it is also apparent that Var(s y ) = Var(s x ) = Var(s) in CTCM models. Based on these assumptions, we can restate equation (G.4) as follows: Hence, if no true relationship between two variables exists, the observed correlation is equal to the share of systematic error variance Sys inherent in the key informant's responses.</p><p>Therefore, for the purpose of assessing the percentage of systematic error variance necessary to create an artificial effect, it is simply necessary to solve: Sys r * x y (G.7) 21 Again, the degree of problematic error variance depends on the sample size n and α. We focus on α = .05. As a result, in samples with n=100, a systematic error share of 19% is sufficient to create artificial correlations that are statistically significant. In samples with n=250, a systematic error share of 12% is sufficient, in samples with n=500, a share of 8%. Because the average share of systematic error in our datasets is 19%, there is obviously a substantial risk that relying on single key informants may create artificial effects where no true effects are present.</p><p>In a second step, we looked at the risk that systematic error masks true effects. This can happen when Cov(s x ,s y ) has the opposite sign of Cov(t x ,t y ). To simplify our analysis, we assume that there is no random measurement error. This assumption is particularly appropriate for situations where methods that account for attenuation through random measurement error are used, such as CFA. In this case, equation (G.5) can be restated as:</p><formula xml:id="formula_9" coords="36,108.02,377.62,236.22,27.84">) s ( V ar ) t ( V ar ) s , s ( Cov ) s ( V ar ) t ( V ar ) t , t ( Cov r y x y x o b s x y (G.8)</formula><p>Again the right fraction is analogous to Sys, i.e., the share of systematic measurement error. The left fraction can also be restated in terms of the share of systematic measurement error.</p><p>To do so, we additionally assume without loss of generalizability that the true score variance is 1.</p><p>Then (G.8) becomes: Sys ) r 1 ( r r xy xy obs xy (G.9) Equating (G.9) with (G.2) allows us to solve for the share of systematic error (opposite to the true effect) necessary to mask an existing true effect. Relevant parameters again include n, α, and the magnitude of the true effect. Based on α = .05, we list the resulting combinations of true effect magnitudes and sample sizes in the table below. a) At a sample size of n=100 it is impossible to correctly identify true small effects, even without systematic error.</p><p>These figures show that low key informant validity can create problems in finding true small effects if the systematic error is opposite in sign to the true effect. Moreover, the average of 19% (26.4%) systematic measurement error share at the item (construct) level in our data points to an elevated risk that medium-sized effects are masked.</p><p>In our analyses pertaining to the effects of systematic measurement error, we assume that one key assumption of the CTCM specification holds, namely that there is no correlation between traits and methods. Hence, understanding the consequences of systematic measurement error becomes considerably more complex. Three situations can be distinguished:</p><p>Cov(t x ,s x ) and Cov(t y ,s y ) are have the same sign, which also corresponds to the sign of the true effect. Then, the risk that the systematic error masks a true effect may be reduced.</p><p>Cov(t x ,s x ) and Cov(t y ,s y ) have the same sign, which corresponds to the sign of Cov(s x ,s y ). Then, both risks resulting from systematic measurement error described may be elevated.</p><p>Cov(t x ,s y ) and Cov(t y ,s y ) have opposing signs. Then, their effects are likely to cancel each other out, particularly if both covariances have about the same magnitude.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,419.54,408.58,36.96,9.25;2,384.16,422.00,107.74,7.40"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Figure 1 GOALS OF TRIANGULATION</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="4,64.00,612.19,230.13,9.40;4,78.50,622.56,215.53,7.91;4,78.50,632.92,68.51,7.91"><head>H 6 :</head><label>6</label><figDesc>The reliability of key informant responses is greater for informants in higher hierarchical positions (vs. lower hierarchical positions).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="6,287.53,54.32,36.96,9.25;6,218.15,67.76,175.75,7.40"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>= Academy of Management Journal, IJRM = International Journal of Research in Marketing, JAMS = Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, JM = Journal of Marketing, JMR = Journal of Marketing Research, and SMJ = Strategic Management Journal. b Studies may fall into multiple categories. c Number of constructs.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="10,64.00,382.88,229.95,9.40;10,81.87,393.42,163.73,7.91"><head>H 16 :</head><label>16</label><figDesc>The validity of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to the present (vs. the past).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="23,106.22,505.39,380.82,11.23;23,70.82,532.99,429.04,11.23;23,70.82,562.51,84.51,11.23;23,177.06,569.34,1.85,6.05;23,159.99,562.51,350.87,11.23;23,70.82,594.22,455.41,11.23;23,70.82,623.74,143.32,11.23;23,233.40,631.00,1.96,6.32;23,218.82,623.74,304.75,11.72;23,70.82,655.30,142.18,11.23;24,535.18,730.42,6.00,11.23;24,252.89,84.62,106.10,11.23"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>As described in the paper, individual observations were weighted during model estimation. For models with correlations as dependent variable we used the inverse of the standard errors of j Cor multiplied with the square root of the number of constructs that was averaged as weights. With agreement as DV, we used the square root of the size of the average sample sized used to compute j Ag multiplied with the square root of the number of constructs that was averaged as weights. 9 WEB APPENDIX D:</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7" coords="29,106.22,404.21,391.59,11.23;29,70.82,431.83,452.22,11.23;29,70.82,459.43,450.16,11.23;29,70.82,487.03,252.97,11.23;29,265.41,514.92,7.24,12.43;29,259.90,514.92,4.02,12.43;29,254.02,514.92,4.82,12.43;29,247.86,514.92,7.24,12.43;29,243.36,514.92,4.82,12.43;29,234.95,514.92,7.24,12.43;29,206.97,514.92,30.24,12.43;29,190.84,514.92,7.24,12.43;29,187.72,514.92,4.82,12.43;29,179.31,514.92,7.24,12.43;29,151.33,514.92,30.24,12.43;29,147.06,514.92,4.82,12.43;29,107.96,514.92,30.24,12.43;29,276.89,515.95,27.29,11.23"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>For our analyses, we again considered the average of systematic error across both informants asked to assess the construct. Hence, results reported in the article are based on the average share of systematic measurement CSys across both informants. For a given construct, this is computed according to the following formula</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_11" coords="34,404.55,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,357.91,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,312.05,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,262.27,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,215.62,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,169.63,534.25,3.92,6.51;34,321.98,515.40,3.92,6.51;34,308.00,515.40,3.92,6.51;34,260.57,515.40,3.92,6.51;34,246.98,515.40,3.92,6.51;34,112.66,515.97,14.03,6.51;34,111.88,527.46,8.30,4.66;34,424.87,516.67,25.61,11.23;34,70.82,559.39,461.92,11.23;34,70.82,586.99,286.11,11.23;34,106.22,614.62,426.90,11.23;34,70.82,642.22,266.94,11.23;34,337.87,646.63,4.02,7.53;34,341.83,642.22,6.34,11.23;34,348.19,646.63,4.02,7.53;34,352.15,642.22,166.32,11.23;34,70.82,669.70,336.13,11.23;34,406.99,674.11,4.02,7.53;34,410.95,669.70,6.34,11.23;34,417.43,674.11,4.02,7.53;34,421.27,667.65,80.89,13.28;34,502.18,674.11,4.02,7.53;34,506.14,669.70,7.67,11.23;34,513.94,674.11,4.02,7.53;34,517.90,669.70,4.00,11.23;35,529.18,730.42,12.00,11.23"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>represents the true score component, s the systematic error component and e the random error component of a key informant's responses on x and y. Based on equation (G.4), two problems of systematic measurement error for significance testing of correlations can be distinguished. (1) If Cov(t x ,t y ) = 0, then a systematic covariance between the error components can create artificial effects. (2) If Cov(t x ,t y ) ≠ 0, then Cov(s x ,s y ) 20</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="7,54.00,29.08,504.12,704.12"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>). With correlations as the dependent variable, we used the inverse of the standard errors of theAVERAGE CORRELATIONS AND AGREEMENT VALUES FOR DIFFERENT CONSTRUCT CATEGORIES</figDesc><table coords="7,54.00,29.08,504.01,704.12">600 
JOURNAL OF MARKETING RESEARCH, AUGUST 2012 

Table 1 

Correlations 
Agreement 

Mean 
Mean 
Studies 
Constructs Observations Correlation 
Studies 
Constructs Observations Agreement 

Overall 
105 
320 
9814 
.612 
60 
219 
4982 
.872 
Performance 
50 
84 
5229 
.764 
14 
19 
1034 
.924 
Intraorganizational 
65 
174 
5826 
.502 
56 
176 
4879 
.874 
Interorganizational 
15 
39 
1302 
.649 
7 
12 
416 
.875 
Extraorganizational 
16 
23 
1310 
.612 
6 
12 
1048 
.865 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="8,54.00,480.58,478.67,256.95"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>THE IMPACT OF CONSTRUCT AND METHOD CHARACTERISTICS: RESULTS OF MULTILEVEL REGRESSION Unstandardized parameters are shown, and standard errors appear in parentheses.</figDesc><table coords="8,430.02,517.56,63.97,6.86">Dependent Variable 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="9,178.04,55.33,257.92,682.67"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>THE IMPACT OF INFORMANT CHARACTERISTICS, ORGANIZATIONAL CHARACTERISTICS, AND INDUSTRY CHARACTERISTICS: RESULTS OF WEIGHTED LEAST SQUARES Unstandardized parameters are shown, and standard errors appear in parentheses.</figDesc><table coords="9,203.47,55.33,232.48,682.67">REGRESSION 

Dependent Variable: Correlations 

Dependent Variable: Agreement 

Hypothesis Independent Variable 

Model C1 

Model C2 

Model C3 

Model C4 

Model C5 

Model C6 

Model A1 

Model A2 

Model A3 

Model A4 

Model A5 

Model A6 

Informant Characteristics 

H 

6 

Informant hierarchical 

.319** (.055) 

.014* (.007) 

position 

H 

7 

Informant specific 

-.273 n.s. 

(.161) 

.005 n.s. 

(.017) 

organizational function 

H 

8 

Informant tenure 

.057 n.s. 

(.112) 

.021* (.008) 

Organizational Characteristics 

H 

9 

Organization size 

-.131* (.067) 

-.012 n.s. 

(.011) 

H 

10 

Organization age 

.011 n.s. 

(.100) 

.012 n.s. 

(.008) 

Industry Characteristics 

H 

11 

Industry concentration 

-1.368* 

(.661) 

-.204** (.066) 

H 

12 

Industry R&amp;D intensity 

5.126* (2.291) 

.393* 

(.188) 

H 

13 

Industry dynamism 

-.194 n.s. 

(10.99) 

.712 n.s. 

(1.063) 

R-square 

.247 

.027 

.049 

.092 

.000 

.152 

.061 

.002 

.125 

.092 

.000 

.261 

N (studies) 

103 

105 

63 

39 

28 

62 

56 

60 

31 

14 

11 

38 

*p .05. 
**p .01. 

n.s. 

p 
&gt; .10 (not significant). 
Notes: </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="11,54.00,29.12,504.12,708.88"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>summarizes the results. The share of key informant variance at the item level and the share of key informant variance at the construct level serve as the dependent variables. Therefore, low levels of the dependent variable represent high levels of key informant validity. Consistent with H 16 , key informant variance is lower when</figDesc><table coords="11,54.00,29.12,16.68,9.25">604 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,54.00,54.32,503.85,265.06"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>MULTI INFORMANT SAMPLES USED IN STUDY 2a For most team leaders, multiple responses from team members were available. We averaged their responses to create a team-leader team-member dyad. b For all sales representatives, multiple responses from customers were available. We averaged their responses to create a sales representative customer dyad.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="11,318.00,333.32,237.78,145.92"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>AVERAGE SHARE OF KEY INFORMANT VARIANCE FOR DIFFERENT CONSTRUCT CATEGORIES</figDesc><table coords="11,502.90,382.28,52.89,37.86">Mean Share of 
Key Informant 
Variance 

Item Construct 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="12,54.00,54.49,240.07,247.75"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>THE IMPACT OF CONSTRUCT CHARACTERISTICS ON THE EXTENT OF KEY INFORMANT VARIANCE: RESULTS OF MULTILEVEL REGRESSION informant variance of 13.1%. However, if we consider only the more accurate key informant for each construct, this value drops to 7.4%. Thus, key informant responses can be accurate.</figDesc><table coords="12,54.00,115.28,240.07,186.96">Dependent Variable: Share of 
Key Informant Variance 

Item 
Construct 
Hypothesis Independent Variable 
Level 
Level 

Construct Characteristics 
H 16 
Present-focused 
-.028 (.011)** -.012 (.016) n.s. 
H 17 
Objective information -.066 (.008)** -.076 (.012)** 
H 18 
Salient events 
-.034 (.012)** -.040 (.017)* 
H 19 
Characteristics of 
.001 (.01) n.s. 
.000 (.001) n.s. 
specific people 
H 20 
Internal to the firm 
.009 (.005) n.s. 
.002 (.007) n.s. 

N (studies) 
8 
N (constructs) 
127 
N (observations) 
1057 

*p .05. 
**p .01. 
n.s. p &gt; .05 (not significant). 
Notes: Unstandardized parameters are shown, and standard errors appear 
in parentheses. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="20,70.82,370.98,431.46,124.26"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Specification of the model that considers key informant agreement as dependent variable:</figDesc><table coords="20,72.42,370.98,421.48,124.26">ij 
10 
ij 
9 
ij 
8 
ij 
7 
ij 
6 

ij 
5 
ij 
4 
ij 
3 
ij 
2 
ij 
1 
j 
ij 

INDEX 
FUNDIF 
HIERDIF 
CUST 
OBJ 

INSIDE 
SPECIFIC 
SALIENCE 
OBJECTIVE 
PRESENT 
Cor 
β 
β 
β 
β 
β 

β 
β 
β 
β 
β 
α 

ij 
7 
ij 
6 

ij 
5 
ij 
4 
ij 
3 
ij 
2 
ij 
1 
j 
ij 

FUNDIF 
HIERDIF 

INSIDE 
SPECIFIC 
SALIENCE 
OBJECTIVE 
PRESENT 
Ag 
β 
β 

β 
β 
β 
β 
β 
α 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="34,70.82,130.94,453.42,121.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Key informant reliability required to correctly test for a …. … true small effect (r=.14)</figDesc><table coords="34,70.82,145.82,453.42,106.56">… true medium effect 
(r=.36) 

… true large effect 
(r=.51) 
Small sample 
(n=100) 
--a) 
.54 
.38 

Medium sample 
(n=250) 
.88 
.34 
.24 

Large sample 
(n=500) 
.62 
.25 
.17 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_11" coords="34,70.82,452.35,454.94,86.60"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>from the paper that we reproduce here for convenience:</figDesc><table coords="34,107.96,508.80,305.78,30.15">) 
e 
( 
V ar 
) 
s 
( 
V ar 
) 
t 
( 
V ar 
) 
e 
( 
V ar 
) 
s 
( 
V ar 
) 
t 
( 
V ar 

) 
s 
, 
s 
( 
Cov 
) 
t 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
r 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_12" coords="37,70.82,74.40,470.36,667.25"><head>22</head><label></label><figDesc>Share of systematic measurement error (opposite to the true effect) needed to mask a…. … true small effect (r=.14)</figDesc><table coords="37,70.82,101.30,453.42,106.44">… true medium effect 
(r=.36) 

… true large effect 
(r=.51) 
Small sample 
(n=100) 
--a) 
.12 
.21 

Medium sample 
(n=250) 
.01 
.18 
.26 

Large sample 
(n=500) 
.05 
.20 
.28 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_13" coords="37,70.82,401.81,468.84,86.55"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Below, we briefly consider what happens if this assumption is relaxed. Then, (G.4) needs to be restated as:</figDesc><table coords="37,72.55,458.05,467.12,30.31">) 
e 
( 
Var 
) 
s 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
2 
) 
s 
( 
Var 
) 
t 
( 
Var 
) 
e 
( 
Var 
) 
s 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
2 
) 
s 
( 
Var 
) 
t 
( 
Var 

) 
s 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
) 
s 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
) 
s 
, 
s 
( 
Cov 
) 
t 
, 
t 
( 
Cov 
r 

y 
x 
x 
y 
y 
x 
x 
x 
x 
x 

y 
y 
x 
x 
y 
x 
y 
x 
obs 

x y 

(G.10) 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">H 19 : The validity of key informant responses is greater for constructs pertaining to characteristics of specific people (vs. nonpersonal entities).</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,69.02,223.05,7.91" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Working Memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><surname>Baddeley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<pubPlace>Oxford: Clarendon</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,79.16,239.94,7.91;14,63.00,89.31,230.91,7.91;14,63.00,99.45,107.23,7.91;14,54.00,109.59,240.06,7.91;14,63.00,119.74,231.00,7.91;14,63.00,129.88,29.25,7.91;14,54.00,140.02,239.97,7.91;14,63.00,150.16,231.04,7.91;14,63.00,160.31,95.49,7.91" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing Construct Validity in Organizational Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bagozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Youjae</forename><surname>Yi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<editor>Lynn W. Phillips</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Administrative Science Quarterly</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,170.45,240.05,7.91;14,63.00,180.59,199.14,7.91" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Dynamics of Competitive Intensity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Barnett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="128" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,190.74,240.03,7.91;14,63.00,200.88,224.73,7.91" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Biggadike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ralph</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Corporate Diversification: Entry, Strategy, and Performance</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boston</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,211.02,240.05,7.91;14,63.00,221.17,231.09,7.91;14,63.00,231.31,231.08,7.91;14,63.00,241.45,230.96,7.91;14,63.00,251.59,117.74,7.91" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Within-Group Agreement, Non-independence, and Reliability: Implications for Data Aggregation and Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bliese</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Multilevel Theory, Research, and Methods in Organizations</title>
		<editor>Katherine J. Klein and Steve W. J. Kozlowski</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Francisco</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Jossey-Bass</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,261.74,240.05,7.91;14,63.00,271.88,230.99,7.91;14,62.99,282.02,132.36,7.91" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Introduction to Meta-Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Borenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Larry</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Michael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hedges</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Julian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hannah</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rothstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chichester, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,53.99,292.17,239.98,7.91;14,62.99,302.23,230.99,9.40;14,63.00,312.37,178.82,7.91" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interrater Agreement Reconsidered: An Alternative to the r WG Indices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Reagan</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Neil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hauenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,322.52,240.05,7.91;14,63.00,332.66,231.08,7.91;14,63.00,342.80,174.73,7.91" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Convergent and Discriminant Validation by the Multitrait-Multimethod Matrix</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Fiske</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="105" />
			<date type="published" when="1959" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,352.94,239.92,7.91;14,63.00,363.09,231.02,7.91;14,63.00,373.23,116.64,7.91" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Paradigm for Developing Better Measures of Marketing Constructs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gilbert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Churchill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1979-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,383.37,240.04,7.91;14,63.00,393.52,230.54,7.91;14,63.00,403.66,180.48,7.91" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Absorptive Capacity: A New Perspective on Learning and Innovation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wesley</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="128" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,413.80,240.06,7.91;14,63.00,423.95,231.12,7.91;14,63.00,434.09,231.04,7.91;14,62.99,444.23,88.49,7.91" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Meta-Analysis of Interrater and Internal Consistency Reliability of Selection Interviews</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Conway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deborah</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Jako</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Goodman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="565" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,53.99,454.37,240.01,7.91;14,62.99,464.52,230.85,7.91;14,62.99,474.66,231.01,7.91;14,63.00,484.80,65.74,7.91;14,54.00,494.95,240.04,7.91;14,63.00,505.09,231.07,7.91;14,63.00,515.23,230.95,7.91;14,63.00,525.38,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement Error and Theory Testing in Consumer Research: An Illustration of the Importance of Construct Validation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">Ronald</forename><surname>Buckley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="579" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1987-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Consumer Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,535.52,239.99,7.91;14,63.00,545.66,231.13,7.91;14,63.00,555.81,213.47,7.91" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measure Unreliability: A Hidden Threat to Cross-National Marketing Research?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Harry</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Susan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alvin</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Douglas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Silk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">Spring</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="98" to="109" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,565.95,240.00,7.91;14,62.99,576.09,51.24,7.91" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Research Act</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norman</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Denzin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,53.99,586.23,240.12,7.91;14,62.99,596.38,230.80,7.91;14,62.98,606.52,183.32,7.91" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common Methods Bias: Does Common Methods Variance Really Bias Results?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Doty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Harold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="374" to="406" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,53.98,616.66,239.98,7.91;14,62.98,626.70,231.01,9.40;14,63.00,636.84,231.01,7.91;14,63.00,646.98,131.73,7.91" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Accurate Tests of Statistical Significance for r WG and Average Deviation Interrater Agreement Indexes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Dunlap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Michael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristin</forename><surname>Burke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Smith-Crowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="356" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,657.12,240.10,7.91;14,63.00,667.27,230.82,7.91;14,63.00,677.41,230.99,7.91;14,63.00,687.55,48.74,7.91" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Nonparametric &apos;Trim And Fill&apos; Method of Accounting for Publication Bias in Meta-Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sue</forename><surname>Duval</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Tweedie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the American Statistical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">449</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,54.00,697.70,240.10,7.91;14,62.99,707.84,184.24,7.91" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Multitrait-Multimethod Model with Minimal Assumptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Eid</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychometrika</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,53.98,717.98,239.87,7.91;14,62.98,728.13,230.90,7.91;14,326.98,54.23,230.99,7.91;14,326.98,64.29,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the Automatic Activation of Attitudes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Russell</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fazio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martha</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Sanbonmatsu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kardes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="267" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,317.98,74.36,240.05,7.91;14,326.98,84.42,231.03,7.91;14,326.98,94.48,231.00,7.91;14,326.98,104.54,44.24,7.91" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-Generated Validity and Other Effects of Measurement on Belief, Attitude, Intention, and Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jack</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Feldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lynch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="456" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,317.98,114.60,240.01,7.91;14,326.98,124.67,225.24,7.91" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Theory of Statistical Estimation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society</title>
		<meeting>the Cambridge Philosophical Society</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1925" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="700" to="725" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,317.98,134.73,240.04,7.91;14,326.98,144.79,230.80,7.91;14,326.98,154.85,210.38,7.91" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Salesperson Adaptive Selling Behavior and Customer Orientation: A Meta-Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Georg</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Franke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeong-Eun</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="693" to="702" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,317.98,164.91,239.93,7.91;14,326.98,174.98,231.01,7.91;14,326.98,185.04,230.99,7.91;14,326.99,195.10,94.99,7.91" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Review and Evaluation of Meta-Analysis Practices in Management Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rekha</forename><surname>Krishnan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Jan-Benedict</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paulo</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Steenkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="393" to="419" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,317.99,205.16,240.02,7.91;14,326.99,215.22,231.01,7.91;14,327.00,225.29,35.24,7.91" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Retrieval Model for Both Recognition and Recall</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>Gillund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shiffrin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,235.35,239.99,7.91;14,327.00,245.41,231.09,7.91;14,327.00,255.47,225.69,7.91" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conceptualizing and Measuring Organizational and Psychological Climate: Pitfalls in Multilevel Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="601" to="616" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,265.53,239.81,7.91;14,327.00,275.60,231.00,7.91;14,327.00,285.66,163.22,7.91" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Past Is the Past-Or Is It? The Use of Retrospective Accounts as Indicators of Past Strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Golden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="848" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,295.72,240.03,7.91;14,327.00,305.78,231.01,7.91;14,327.00,315.84,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Awareness Within Top Management Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hambrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,325.91,240.04,7.91;14,327.00,335.97,231.02,7.91;14,327.00,346.03,230.99,7.91;14,327.00,356.09,209.64,7.91" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Context, Cognition, and Common Method Variance: Psychometric and Verbal Protocol Evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Harrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mclaughlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terry</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Coalter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="246" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,366.15,240.02,7.91;14,327.00,376.22,231.05,7.91;14,327.00,386.28,231.00,7.91;14,327.00,396.34,44.24,7.91" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Relationship Between Memory and Judgment Depends on Whether the Judgment Is Memory-Based or Online</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Reid</forename><surname>Hastie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bernadette</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="258" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,406.40,239.91,7.91;14,327.00,416.46,231.02,7.91;14,327.00,426.53,231.00,7.91;14,327.00,436.59,126.50,7.91" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Responsiveness to Customers and Competitors: The Role of Cognitive and Affective Organizational Systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christian</forename><surname>Homburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marko</forename><surname>Grozdanovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Klarmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="18" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2007-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,446.65,240.04,7.91;14,327.00,456.71,230.98,7.91;14,327.00,466.77,107.39,7.91" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Methodological Assessment of the Use of Key Informants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Houston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Seymour</forename><surname>Sudman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="151" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,476.84,240.01,7.91;14,327.00,486.90,231.08,7.91;14,327.00,496.96,231.04,7.91" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Retrospective Reports of Strategic-Level Managers: Guidelines for Increasing Their Accuracy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Power</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="171" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,507.02,239.92,7.91;14,327.00,517.08,230.99,7.91;14,327.00,527.15,157.33,7.91" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hunter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Frank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Methods of Meta-Analysis: Correcting Error and Bias in Research Findings</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Thousand Oaks, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2d ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,537.21,240.08,7.91;14,327.00,547.27,231.12,7.91;14,327.00,557.33,231.00,7.91;14,327.00,567.39,24.75,7.91;14,318.00,577.22,240.02,9.40;14,327.00,587.28,230.91,7.91;14,327.00,597.34,92.99,7.91" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating Within-Group Interrater Reliability with and Without Response Bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>James</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerrit</forename><surname>Demaree</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wolf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="306" to="309" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Applied Psychology</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,607.41,240.09,7.91;14,327.00,617.47,230.94,7.91;14,327.00,627.53,126.64,7.91" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pie-Expansion Efforts: Collaboration Processes in Buyer-Supplier Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="461" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="1999-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,637.59,239.80,7.91;14,327.00,647.65,231.05,7.91;14,327.00,657.72,80.66,7.91" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mixing Qualitative and Quantitative Methods: Triangulation in Action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="602" to="611" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,667.78,240.05,7.91;14,327.00,677.84,231.05,7.91;14,327.00,687.90,203.39,7.91" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contributions of Survey Research to the Understanding of Memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jared</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Jobe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><surname>Tourangeau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Albert</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Applied Cognitive Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="567" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,318.00,697.96,240.01,7.91;14,327.00,708.03,230.90,7.91;14,327.00,718.09,231.00,7.91;14,327.00,728.15,44.24,7.91" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Disagreement About Within-Group Agreement: Disentangling Issues of Consistency Versus Consensus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steve</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kozlowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Keith</forename><surname>Hattrup</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,54.00,54.20,239.90,7.91;15,63.00,64.20,231.04,7.91;15,63.00,74.19,231.01,7.91;15,62.99,84.19,52.07,7.91;15,53.99,94.19,240.08,7.91;15,62.99,104.19,231.10,7.91;15,62.99,114.19,230.99,7.91;15,62.99,124.19,67.73,7.91" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An Integrative Look at the Use of Additive and Multiplicative Covariance Structure Models in the Analysis of MTMM Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajith</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dillon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.99,134.19,239.86,7.91;15,62.99,144.19,231.07,7.91;15,62.99,154.19,209.21,7.91" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conducting Interorganizational Research Using Key Informants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Louis</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Nirmalya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1633" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.99,164.19,240.03,7.91;15,62.99,174.19,231.03,7.91;15,62.99,184.18,230.99,7.91;15,62.98,194.18,55.49,7.91;15,53.98,204.18,240.15,7.91;15,62.98,214.18,231.12,7.91;15,62.98,224.18,230.99,7.91;15,62.98,234.18,113.74,7.91" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Critique of the Correlated Trait-Correlated Method and Correlated Uniqueness Models for Multitrait-Multimethod Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bryan</forename><surname>Dawson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Birkelbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<editor>Carrie L. Noble, and Steven E. Scullen</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="228" to="272" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Psychological Methods</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,244.18,240.07,7.91;15,62.98,254.18,231.12,7.91;15,62.98,264.18,231.04,7.91;15,62.98,274.18,87.99,7.91" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chang-Yang</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ishtiaq</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mahmood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Inter-Industry Differences in Profitability: The Legacy of the Structure-Efficiency Debate Revisited</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="80" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,284.17,240.02,7.91;15,62.98,294.17,179.33,7.91" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Practical Meta-Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lipsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,304.17,240.03,7.91;15,62.98,314.17,231.01,7.91;15,62.98,324.17,48.74,7.91" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational Performance as a Dependent Variable</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>March</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Sutton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="698" to="706" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,334.17,240.07,7.91;15,62.98,344.17,231.03,7.91;15,62.98,354.17,230.85,7.91;15,62.98,364.17,230.81,7.91" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Overcoming Problems in Confirmatory Factor Analyses of MTMM Data: The Correlated Uniqueness Model and Factorial Invariance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Herbert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Marsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Barbara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rhonda</forename><surname>Byrne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Craven</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multivariate Behavioral Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="489" to="507" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,374.17,239.94,7.91;15,62.98,384.16,231.02,7.91;15,62.98,394.16,81.99,7.91" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Forming Inferences About Some Intraclass Correlation Coefficients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Mcgraw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.98,404.16,240.01,7.91;15,62.99,414.16,51.24,7.91" xml:id="b46">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jum</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Nunnally</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Psychometric Theory</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.99,424.16,240.01,7.91;15,62.99,434.16,230.89,7.91;15,62.99,444.16,231.02,7.91;15,62.99,454.16,195.19,7.91" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement and Control of Response Bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Delroy</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Paulhus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Measures of Personality and Social Psychological Attitudes</title>
		<editor>John P. Robinson, Phillip R. Shaver, and Lawrence S. Wright</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Diego</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,53.99,464.16,239.97,7.91;15,62.99,474.15,230.73,7.91;15,62.99,484.15,231.00,7.91;15,63.00,494.15,82.23,7.91" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing Measurement Error in Key Informant Reports: A Methodological Note on Organizational Analysis in Marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynne</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395" to="415" />
			<date type="published" when="1981-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,54.00,504.15,240.01,7.91;15,63.00,514.15,231.07,7.91;15,63.00,524.15,231.03,7.91;15,63.00,534.15,187.75,7.91" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Very Long-Term Memories of the First Year in College</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Pillemer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Lynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Abigail</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Goldsmith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sheldon</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Panter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="709" to="715" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,54.00,544.15,239.78,7.91;15,63.00,554.15,231.00,7.91;15,62.99,564.15,231.07,7.91;15,62.98,574.14,231.00,7.91;15,62.98,584.14,48.74,7.91" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common Method Biases in Behavioral Research: A Critical Review of the Literature and Recommended Remedies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeong-Yeon</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nathan</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,54.14,240.00,7.91;15,326.98,64.14,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,74.14,21.24,7.91" xml:id="b51">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Competitive Strategy: Techniques for Analyzing Industries and Competitors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Porter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>The Free Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,84.14,239.82,7.91;15,326.98,94.14,230.84,7.91;15,326.98,104.14,231.00,7.91;15,326.98,114.14,138.90,7.91" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-Sectional Versus Longitudinal Survey Research: Concepts, Findings, and Guidelines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rindfleisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Aric</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shankar</forename><surname>Malter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><surname>Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,124.14,240.06,7.91;15,326.98,134.13,231.05,7.91;15,326.98,144.13,230.99,7.91;15,326.97,154.13,33.75,7.91" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Introduction Understanding and Dealing with Organizational Survey Nonresponse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Rogelberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Stanton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="209" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.97,164.13,240.05,7.91;15,326.97,174.13,231.10,7.91;15,326.97,184.13,231.03,7.91;15,326.97,194.13,90.49,7.91" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On Using Informants: A Technique for Collecting Quantitative Data and Controlling for Measurement Error in Organizational Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Seidler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="816" to="847" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.97,204.13,240.07,7.91;15,326.97,214.13,231.08,7.91;15,326.97,224.13,118.90,7.91" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring Influence in Organizational Purchase Decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alvin</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Silk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Manohar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kalwani</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="1982-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.97,234.12,239.84,7.91;15,326.97,244.12,231.09,7.91;15,326.97,254.12,211.73,7.91" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Competitive Environment Moderate the Market Orientation-Performance Relationship?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stanley</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Slater</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Narver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="46" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1994-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.97,264.12,240.03,7.91;15,326.97,274.12,231.00,7.91;15,326.98,284.12,24.75,7.91" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Convergent Validation of Risk Taking Measures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Slovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1962" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,294.12,240.05,7.91;15,326.98,304.12,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,314.12,86.49,7.91" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Method Variance in Organizational Research: Truth or Urban Legend?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Spector</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,324.12,239.93,7.91;15,326.98,334.12,230.89,7.91;15,326.98,344.11,189.08,7.91" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Opening Pandora&apos;s Box: Studying the Accuracy of Managers&apos; Perceptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Starbuck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mezias</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="99" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,354.11,240.04,7.91;15,326.98,364.11,231.05,7.91;15,326.98,374.11,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,384.19,230.90,7.72;15,326.98,394.11,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,404.11,32.75,7.91" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Level of Participation on Reports of Behavior and Attitudes by Proxy Reporters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Seymour</forename><surname>Sudman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Barbara</forename><surname>Bickart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johnny</forename><surname>Blair</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Geeta</forename><surname>Menon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Autobiographical Memory and the Validity of Retrospective Reports</title>
		<editor>Norbert Schwarz and Seymour Sudman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,414.11,240.09,7.91;15,326.98,424.11,231.07,7.91;15,326.98,434.11,112.24,7.91" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Executives Notice: Accurate Perceptions in Top Management Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sutcliffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1360" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,444.10,240.00,7.91;15,326.98,454.10,230.93,7.91;15,326.98,464.10,155.49,7.91" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Explaining Heterogeneity in Meta-Analysis: A Comparison of Methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Stephen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sharp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Statistics in Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2693" to="2708" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,474.10,240.10,7.91;15,326.98,484.10,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,494.10,144.74,7.91" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interrater Reliability and Agreement of Subjective Judgements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Howard</forename><forename type="middle">E A</forename><surname>Tinsley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Counseling Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="358" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,504.10,239.88,7.91;15,326.98,514.10,231.02,7.91;15,326.98,524.10,86.74,7.91" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Psychology of Survey Response</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tourangeau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lance</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><surname>Rips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rasinski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,534.10,240.07,7.91;15,326.98,544.09,230.85,7.91;15,326.98,554.09,231.01,7.91;15,326.98,564.09,189.39,7.91" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Informants in Organizational Marketing Research: Why Use Multiple Informants and How to Aggregate Responses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerrit</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Van Bruggen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Gary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manish</forename><surname>Lilien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kacker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="469" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2002-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,317.98,574.09,240.11,7.91;15,326.98,584.09,231.03,7.91;15,326.98,594.09,207.80,7.91" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eugene</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Webb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Donald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lee</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sechrest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Unobtrusive Measures: Nonreactive Research in the Social Sciences</title>
		<editor>Rand McNally</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1966" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,186.50,85.58,238.87,11.23" xml:id="b67">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>References</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.82,106.34,449.98,11.23;39,70.82,121.34,361.04,11.23" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing construct validity in organizational research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bagozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Youjae</forename><surname>Yi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lynn</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,142.34,468.29,11.23;39,70.83,157.34,121.55,11.23" xml:id="b69">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Corporate diversification: entry, strategy, and performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Biggadike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ralph</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<pubPlace>Boston, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Harvard University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,178.34,458.95,11.23;39,70.83,193.34,72.62,11.23" xml:id="b70">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Confirmatory factor analysis for applied research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Timothy</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,214.34,468.78,11.23;39,70.83,229.34,54.25,11.23" xml:id="b71">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Statistical power analysis for the behavioral science</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacob</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hilldale, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,250.37,439.40,11.23;39,70.83,265.37,455.27,11.23" xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied multiple regression/correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacob</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Patricia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Stephen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leona</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,286.37,458.56,11.23;39,70.83,301.37,381.92,11.23" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common methods bias: does common methods variance really bias results</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Doty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Harold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="374" to="406" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,322.37,452.38,11.23;39,70.83,337.37,465.83,11.23;39,70.83,352.37,15.00,11.23" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating trait, method, and error variance: generalizing across 70 construct validation studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">Ronald</forename><surname>Buckley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="333" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,373.37,384.88,11.23;39,70.83,388.37,449.14,11.23;39,70.83,403.37,42.96,11.23" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conducting interorganizational research using key informants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Louis</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Nirmalya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1633" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,424.39,453.94,11.23;39,70.83,439.39,436.51,11.23;39,70.83,454.39,184.22,11.23" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A critique of the correlated trait-correlated method and correlated uniqueness models for multitrait-multimethod data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carrie</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Noble</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Scullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="228" to="272" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,475.39,415.57,11.23;39,70.83,490.39,469.46,11.23;39,70.83,505.39,15.00,11.23" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Method effects, measurement error, and substantive conclusions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">----</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bryan</forename><surname>Dawson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Birkelbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="435" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.83,526.39,468.01,11.23;39,70.83,541.39,448.06,11.23;39,70.84,556.39,36.96,11.23" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inter-industry differences in profitability: the legacy of the structure-efficiency debate revisited</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chang-Yang</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ishtiaq</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mahmood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial and Corporate Change</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.84,577.39,451.20,11.23;39,70.84,592.42,410.74,11.23;39,70.84,607.42,357.43,11.23" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common method biases in behavioral research: a critical review of the literature and recommended remedies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeong-Yeon</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nathan</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,70.84,628.42,464.75,11.23;39,70.84,643.42,285.27,11.23" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What executives notice: accurate perceptions in top management teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sutcliffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1360" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,70.87,73.87,435.85,10.80;40,70.87,87.67,422.57,10.80;40,70.87,101.47,446.06,10.80;40,70.87,115.27,221.26,10.80" xml:id="b81">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">JMR) is the property of American Marketing Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder&apos;s express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use</title>
		<imprint/>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Copyright of Journal of Marketing Research</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
