<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Life history strategies and psychopathology: the faster the life strategies, the more symptoms of psychopathology ☆</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jessie</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hurst</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of South</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Phillip</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kavanagh</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of South</orgName>
								<address>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Life history strategies and psychopathology: the faster the life strategies, the more symptoms of psychopathology ☆</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2016.06.001</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Initial receipt 11 December 2014 Final revision received 1 June 2016</note>
					<note>Original Article</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:03+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Life history theory Life history strategy Psychopathology Aggression Attachment Self-harm</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t a r t i c l e i n f o</head><p>There is little extant empirical literature examining the associations between life history strategies and symptoms of psychopathology. The current study (N = 138) investigated the associations between life history strategies, symptoms of psychopathology, aggression, incidence of self-harm behaviour, and attachment (perceived parental support) in sample drawn from the general population and community mental health service providers. The results from the study indicate those with a faster life strategy report greater levels of aggression and symptoms of psychopathology. Further, perceptions of poorer parental support were associated with a faster life history strategy. Implications for life history theory, conceptualising psychopathology, and future research directions are discussed.</p><p>Crown</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>To what extent do early childhood experiences influence later mental health outcomes? Most theoretical literature from a developmental perspective (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,132.83,448.88,124.26,7.54" target="#b6">Beauchaine &amp; Gatzke-Kopp, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,259.48,448.88,34.02,7.54;1,42.52,459.36,20.97,7.54" target="#b40">Hinshaw, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,65.88,459.36,111.96,7.54" target="#b44">Kerig, Ludlow, &amp; Wenar, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,180.17,459.36,80.14,7.54" target="#b50">Mash &amp; Dozios, 2003)</ref> suggests that negative early experiences result in an increased risk of psychological distress and symptoms of psychopathology; however, what are the mechanisms that convert adverse environments into mental health difficulties?</p><p>Evolutionary theory is well established in the psychological literature to explain human cognitions, emotions, behaviours (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,275.13,522.12,18.40,7.54;1,42.52,532.55,19.85,7.54" target="#b8">Buss, 2005)</ref>, and even psychopathology (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,198.54,532.55,95.03,7.54" target="#b0">Akiskal &amp; Akiskal, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,42.52,543.04,100.73,7.54" target="#b4">Andrews &amp; Thomson, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,145.41,543.04,81.65,7.54" target="#b52">Murphy &amp; Stich, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,229.32,543.04,60.37,7.54" target="#b60">Wakefield, 1992)</ref>. More recently an evolutionary-developmental theory of psychopathology, incorporating life history theory has emerged that describes the complex interplay between development, biological, and environmental factors that can result in later psychopathology (i.e. Del <ref type="bibr" coords="1,258.35,584.88,35.24,7.54;1,42.52,595.31,41.02,7.54" target="#b20">Giudice &amp; Ellis, 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,184.42,595.31,109.10,7.54;1,42.52,605.80,19.26,7.54" target="#b27">Ellis, Del Giudice, &amp; Shirtcliff, 2013)</ref>. Del <ref type="bibr" coords="1,81.13,605.80,85.06,7.54" target="#b20">Giudice and Ellis (2016)</ref> describe how individual differences in life history strategy can lay down the foundations for the development of psychopathology.  highlight the discrepancies between the evolutionary perspectives and mental health perspectives with the use and definition of such terms as adaptive and maladaptive. From an evolutionary perspective any behaviour or trait that affords an organism an advantage that increases its' chances of survival and reproduction is considered adaptive; however, from a mental health perspective adaptive is synonymous with desirable. It is possible that traits and behaviours that are biologically adaptive may cause an individual psychological distress and/or interpersonal difficulties. Therefore, consistent with  we will use the term adaptive to represent biologically adaptive and desirable to represent what mental health professionals often refer to as "adaptive" as to avoid any confusion between adaptive processes and socially desirable processes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.1.">Terminology</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.2.">Life History Theory</head><p>Put simply, life history theory elucidates the allocation of resources between specific components of fitness to enhance survival and reproduction <ref type="bibr" coords="1,362.61,626.72,198.91,7.54" target="#b31">(Figueredo, Vásquez, Brumbach, &amp; Schneider, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.51,637.20,78.27,7.54">Figueredo et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,390.61,637.20,69.32,7.54" target="#b39">Hill &amp; Kaplan, 1999)</ref>. Within a life history theory framework, knowledge of the environment and environmental pressures influence individuals' decision making processes about the allocation of resources, finding a mate, the production of offspring, and parental investment. Life history theory describes the adaptive choices made by individuals to optimise reproduction and survival on account of the environment, resulting in different life history strategies and developmental trajectories. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,236.35,38.12,119.01,6.03">Evolution and Human Behavior 38 (2017)</ref>  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.3.">Family Structure</head><p>Men are not equipped with the biology to carry and nourish infants. Therefore, men have an opposing strategy to enhance reproduction whenever plausible. This means that men's reproductive effort may not be with the same partner. Unlike women having more children with their current partner, men with fast life strategies may reproduce with women outside their romantic relationships, or alternatively, leave their current mate and children, to reproduce with another mate. Therefore, it is plausible that these children are more likely to be raised in single parent or stepparent homes.</p><p>Children living with one biological parent and one stepparent are 40 times more likely to be physically abused than those living with two biological parents <ref type="bibr" coords="2,383.36,192.11,79.06,7.54" target="#b18">(Daly &amp; Wilson, 1985)</ref>, with child abuse also a well documented predictor for adverse mental health effects and psychopathology <ref type="bibr" coords="2,352.18,213.03,80.72,7.54" target="#b18">(Daly &amp; Wilson, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,435.23,213.03,116.21,7.54;2,300.42,223.46,50.14,7.54" target="#b56">Spataro, Mullen, Burgess, Wells, &amp; Moss, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,352.53,223.46,44.18,7.54" target="#b62">Wolfe, 2007)</ref>. Children tend to respond to unpredictable and unstable environments by growing up quickly and living in the moment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,321.51,244.38,60.89,7.54" target="#b26">(Ellis et al., 2012)</ref>. That is, children faced with unstable environments and levels of uncertainty will naturally select strategies that maximise their current reproduction in the face of such difficulties, even at the cost of shortened lifespans and decreased social and emotional functioning <ref type="bibr" coords="2,366.86,286.22,81.76,7.54">(Chisholm et al., 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,450.82,286.22,69.18,7.54" target="#b25">Ellis &amp; Essex, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,522.20,286.22,29.29,7.54;2,300.42,296.71,37.34,7.54" target="#b57">Tither &amp; Ellis, 2008)</ref>. One could speculate then, that children from unstable family environments are more likely to develop a fast life strategy and subsequently develop greater levels of psychopathology.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.4.">Attachment, Parental Investment, and Mental Health</head><p>There is considerable evidence linking attachment style to childhood social and emotional adjustment. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,463.18,369.95,76.66,7.54" target="#b16">Crawford et al. (2006)</ref> investigated the associations between self-reported attachment styles and personality disorders listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition (American Psychiatric Association, 2000) and found a positive association between anxious attachment and cluster B and C symptoms, and a positive association between avoidant attachment and cluster A symptoms. The results from <ref type="bibr" coords="2,496.57,432.71,54.87,7.54;2,300.42,443.20,24.52,7.54" target="#b16">Crawford et al. (2006)</ref> highlight the effects of early experience and attachment on subsequent mental health, especially personality pathology.</p><p>Life history theory explains attachment in terms of parental effort and the resources afforded to rearing and enhancing the survival and quality of offspring <ref type="bibr" coords="2,370.37,485.04,82.67,7.54" target="#b31">(Figueredo et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,455.13,485.04,96.33,7.54" target="#b43">Kaplan &amp; Gangestad, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,300.42,495.47,53.39,7.54" target="#b53">Quinlan, 2007)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,360.51,495.47,85.69,7.54" target="#b39">Hill and Kaplan (1999)</ref> summarised the life history trade-off as being the allocation of reproductive effort to increasing number of progeny (quantity) or increasing the fitness (quality) of existing progenies. This trade-off is assumed to reflect the limited resources of parents to invest in each child, and any future offspring inevitably reduces investment amount per offspring. A life history perspective acknowledges that when resources are scarce, it is not necessarily adaptive to have fewer offspring (mating effort) as to allow increased parental effort; rather the more advantageous strategy would be to invest more energy into offspring production. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,489.66,589.63,61.79,7.54" target="#b11">Chisholm (1996)</ref> found that marked individual differences in attachment are strategic as to optimise the trade-off between infant survival versus growth and development. Specifically, children whose mothers have decreased availability and responsiveness, or are more intrusive or rejecting often, show an unwillingness to explore and play. Insecurely attached children show increased aggression, anxiety, and depression when older, and are more likely to develop interpersonal relational difficulties when compared to securely attached individuals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,489.14,673.32,62.34,7.54;2,300.42,683.75,58.35,7.54" target="#b5">(Bartholomew &amp; Horowitz, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,360.90,683.75,57.26,7.54" target="#b11">Chisholm, 1996)</ref>. In sum, exposure to mechanisms of a fast life history strategy such as levels of parental investment and environmental hardship potentially places children and adults at an increased risk for developing social, emotional, cognitive, and health problems <ref type="bibr" coords="2,337.38,725.59,83.34,7.54" target="#b16">(Crawford et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,423.15,725.59,67.87,7.54" target="#b19">Del Giudice, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,493.39,725.59,40.48,7.54" target="#b23">Ellis, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,536.31,725.59,15.16,7.54;2,300.42,736.08,41.34,7.54" target="#b26">Ellis et al., 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,343.79,736.08,116.53,7.54" target="#b55">Simons, Paternite, &amp; Shore, 2001)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.5.">Aggression</head><p>Life history strategies influence parental involvement, with parental involvement in turn influencing aggression <ref type="bibr" coords="3,207.95,87.51,85.59,7.54" target="#b16">(Crawford et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,42.52,97.95,87.03,7.54" target="#b49">Marcus &amp; Kramer, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,131.64,97.95,68.51,7.54" target="#b55">Simons et al., 2001)</ref>. Although aggression can be considered to be adaptive from a fast life strategy perspective, from a mental health perspective it is considered socially undesirable and is a predictor of poor social and emotional development, isolation, affective disorders, and personality disorders <ref type="bibr" coords="3,194.23,139.79,99.31,7.54" target="#b9">(Buss &amp; Shackelford, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,42.52,150.27,59.35,7.54" target="#b10">Campbell, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,104.20,150.27,78.85,7.54" target="#b16">Crawford et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,185.38,150.27,89.00,7.54" target="#b17">Crick &amp; Grotpeter, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,276.71,150.27,16.85,7.54;3,42.52,160.70,21.09,7.54" target="#b23">Ellis, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,67.07,160.70,92.87,7.54" target="#b49">Marcus &amp; Kramer, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,163.27,160.70,74.05,7.54" target="#b55">Simons et al., 2001)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,244.63,160.70,48.88,7.54;3,42.52,171.19,25.19,7.54" target="#b55">Simons et al. (2001)</ref> found that the perceived quality of adolescent/mother attachment was negatively associated with adolescent self-reported aggression. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,65.25,192.11,110.22,7.54" target="#b49">Marcus and Kramer (2001)</ref> investigated the relationship between participant's proactive and reactive forms of aggression, attachment with the participant's mother, and pro-social behaviours and concluded that attachment to the mother and pro-social behaviours significantly influences proactive and reactive aggression. Children whom reported less secure attachment with their mothers displayed increased reactive and proactive aggressive behaviour, when compared with children whom reported more secure attachment with their mothers. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,76.25,275.79,111.73,7.54" target="#b21">Draper and Harpending (1982)</ref> investigated the effects of father absence during critical periods of development (0-5 years). They found that father absent boys showed greater interpersonal aggression and an increased risk of arrest and incarceration when compared to males from a father present family.</p><p>As previously stated perceived mortality is an important environmental contributor to life history strategy. Along these lines Dunkel, Mathes, and Harbke (2011) manipulated perceived life expectancy (i.e., asking participants to imagine they had five months, five years, or fifty years to live) and then asked them about their future criminal intent, and reported positive associations between fast life strategies, earlier death, and great criminal intent. Further, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,217.08,390.87,76.50,7.54;3,42.52,401.31,63.83,7.54" target="#b51">Mishra, Barclay, and Lalumière (2014)</ref> found that risking is increased in the presence of a competitive disadvantage, indicating that when individuals perceive they are at a competitive disadvantage they are more likely to engage in risky behaviours, such as aggression. Finally, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,220.08,432.71,73.48,7.54;3,42.52,443.14,57.87,7.54" target="#b30">Figueredo, Gladden, and Beck (2012)</ref> have demonstrated the links between life history strategy and engaging in interpersonal aggression and intimate partner violence. The results from all of these studies support the links between life history strategy and propensity for aggression.</p><p>Sexual selection theory <ref type="bibr" coords="3,137.14,484.98,52.47,7.54" target="#b58">(Trivers, 1972)</ref> predicts that males should be more tolerant to risk given their lower potential cost to reproduction, whereas females have greater potential costs. Given the potential costs associated with aggressive behaviours, males should therefore generally be more aggressive than females. Consistent with this proposition, a number of studies have demonstrated greater levels of aggression in males versus females starting at an early developmental age (see for example, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,91.33,558.23,90.63,7.54" target="#b17">Crick &amp; Grotpeter, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,184.59,558.23,83.77,7.54" target="#b28">Fanti &amp; Henrich, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,270.99,558.23,22.60,7.54;3,42.52,568.66,45.59,7.54" target="#b46">Koh &amp; Wong, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,89.91,568.66,57.41,7.54" target="#b59">Volk et al., 2012)</ref>. In sum, there appears to be an influence of life history strategy on engaging in risky behaviours such as aggression and that this relationship may vary as a function of sex with men more likely to engaged in aggression and interpersonal violence than women.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.6.">The Current Research</head><p>The aim of the current research is to expand the current life history strategy literature by exploring the associations between family structure, life history strategies, attachment, symptoms of psychopathology, and self-harm behaviours. We predict that individuals that report a faster life history strategy will have a greater number of half siblings or stepsiblings and will be more likely to have a stepparent.</p><p>With regard to mental health and attachment, we predict that individuals with faster life strategies will 1) report more symptoms of psychopathology; 2) report lower perceived responsiveness of their caregiver than those individuals with a slower life history; 3) be more aggressive as compared to those with a slow life history strategy; and 4) report significantly higher incidence of self harm as compared to individuals with a slow life history strategy. Further, we expect that women will report a higher incidence of self-harm than men and that the associations between life history strategy and aggression will vary as a function of sex, with a) males with a fast life strategy reporting higher levels overt aggression and females with a fast life strategy reporting greater levels of self-harm.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Participants and Procedure</head><p>Participants were recruited from numerous locations. These included social media websites, a university campus, and multiple community mental health organisations. Two hundred and nine participants initially started the online survey; however, 71 participants did not complete all measures and were subsequently excluded from the final analyses. The final sample (n = 138) consisted of 46 men (M Age = 36.67 years, SD Age = 15.73) and 92 women (M Age = 33.13, SD Age = 14.16). Participants self-selected to participate, provided informed consent, were not offered any incentives to complete the survey, and were able to discontinue at any stage. Upon completion of the survey, participants were debriefed and thanked. Exclusion criteria included anyone under the age of 16 years of age. The majority of participants in the sample were from blended families with 83.3% reporting having at least 1 halfsibling and 89.1% reporting having at least one stepsibling, 8.7% reporting having a stepmother, and 10.9% having a stepfather.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Measures</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.1.">Attachment</head><p>Attachment was measured using the Adolescent Attachment Questionnaire (AAQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,371.23,411.80,186.34,7.54" target="#b61">West, Rose, Spreng, Sheldon-Keller, &amp; Adam, 1998)</ref>. This particular measure of attachment was chosen as the main recruitment sites were community mental health clinics that specialised in the treatment adolescents experiencing mental health concerns. The AAQ is a 9-item self-report measure with three domains (availability, goal-corrected partnership, angry distress) rated on a 5-point Likert scale (1 = strongly disagree; 5 = strongly agree). The availability subscale quantifies the adolescent's confidence in the responsiveness and availability of the parent or caregiver. The goal-corrected partnership subscale measures the consideration and empathy the adolescent expresses to the needs and feelings of the caregiver. The angry-distress subscale defines the quantity of anger within the attachment relationship. Each domain consisted of three questions each, with the items for each of the three domains demonstrating high internal consistency (see <ref type="table" coords="3,327.86,558.23,24.75,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref>). Items were thus summed to form a total measure of attachment and the three attachment subscales. The total score of attachment reflects the respondent's perception of their relationship with their caregiver, and their caregiver's responsiveness <ref type="bibr" coords="3,513.86,589.64,47.69,7.54;3,310.51,600.07,19.26,7.54" target="#b61">(West et al., 1998)</ref>. The subscales and the total measure demonstrated high internal consistency. Refer to <ref type="table" coords="3,387.89,610.56,26.33,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref> for the scale statistics for the three subscales and total measure of attachment.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.2.">Aggression</head><p>Aggression was measured using the Buss-Perry Aggression Scale <ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.51,662.83,70.51,7.54" target="#b7">(Buss &amp; Perry, 1992)</ref>. The Aggression scale is a 29-item self report measure with four domains (physical aggression, verbal aggression, anger, hostility) rated on a 5-point Likert scale (1 = extremely uncharacteristic of me; 5 = extremely characteristic of me). All the items of each of the domains, as well as the total measure, demonstrated good internal consistency and were thus summed to form a measure of each of the four aggression domains, and a total measure of aggression (see <ref type="table" coords="3,523.62,725.59,25.76,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref> for the scale and subscale statistics).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.3.">Life History</head><p>Life strategies were measured using the Mini-K <ref type="bibr" coords="4,221.38,254.87,62.05,7.54;4,32.43,265.36,21.28,7.54">(Figueredo et al., 2006)</ref> and the High-K Strategy Scale (HKSS; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,190.60,265.36,47.14,7.54" target="#b34">Giosan, 2006)</ref>. The Mini-K has been reported as more superior for assessing behavioural traits of life history strategy than compared to the High-K Strategy Scale that suggests more superiority in physical traits <ref type="bibr" coords="4,194.79,296.71,84.69,7.54">(Figueredo et al., 2006)</ref>. Both measures were included in the study to provide a more robust measurement of life history strategy and in the current sample were significantly correlated (r = .71, p b .01).</p><p>The Mini-K is a short from of the Arizona Life History Battery <ref type="bibr" coords="4,32.43,349.04,79.24,7.54" target="#b31">(Figueredo et al., 2004)</ref>. The 20 item self-report questionnaire measures cognitive and behavioural aspects of an individual's life history strategy and was scored on a 5-point Likert scale (−2 = extremely uncharacteristic of me; +2 = extremely characteristic of me). The scores were summed to produce a total life history score (see <ref type="table" coords="4,213.51,390.88,24.99,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref>). A positive score is indicative of a slower life strategy (increased parental involvement and fewer extrinsic risks to survival) and conversely a negative score is indicative of a faster life strategy. The Mini-K demonstrated good internal consistency (see <ref type="table" coords="4,142.36,432.72,24.33,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref>).</p><p>The HKSS <ref type="bibr" coords="4,80.28,443.20,48.32,7.54" target="#b34">(Giosan, 2006</ref>) is a 22 item, self-report questionnaire that also assesses traits and behaviours of an individual's life history strategy. The statements are scored using a 5-point Likert scale to identify the extent to which participants agree to each item (1 = strongly disagree; 5 = strongly agree). The items on the HKSS demonstrated high internal consistency and were summed to produce a total life history strategy score (see <ref type="table" coords="4,70.19,505.96,24.39,7.54" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.4.">Psychopathology</head><p>The DSM-5 Self-Rated Level 1 Cross-Cutting Symptom Measure-Adult (American Psychiatric Association, 2013b) was used to measure the intensity and frequency of symptomology across mental health domains of 13 psychiatric diagnoses relevant to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (American Psychiatric Association, 2013a). These domains are depression, anger, anxiety, mania, somatic symptoms, suicidal ideation, psychosis, sleep disturbances, memory, repetitive thoughts and behaviours, dissociation, personality functioning, and substance use. The questionnaire includes 23 items inquiring about specific symptoms during the past 2 weeks. Each item was rated on a 5-point scale (0 = none or not at all; 1 = slight or rare, less than a day or two; 2 = mild or several days; 3 = moderate or more than half the days; 4 = severe or nearly every day). For most of the subscales, a score of 2 or more warrants further inquiry of symptoms; however, for suicidal ideation, psychosis and substance use subscales, a score of 1 (slight) may warrant further investigation. See <ref type="table" coords="4,245.03,694.24,26.04,7.54">Table 2</ref> for the percentage of participants whom met the threshold for psychopathology symptom criteria. As we were interested in total psychopathology severity the scores on all items were summed to produce an index of psychopathology (M = 40.10, SD = 14.57; range = 23 to 84).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.5.">Self-Harm</head><p>The Deliberate Self-Harm Inventory <ref type="bibr" coords="4,441.47,526.88,43.72,7.54" target="#b35">(Gratz, 2001</ref>) is a 17-item selfreport questionnaire that was used to assess the frequency, severity, duration and mechanisms of deliberate self-harming behaviour. For use in this study, we adopted a method of coding and scoring developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,300.42,568.72,46.68,7.54" target="#b35">Gratz (2001)</ref> to calculate the total frequency of engaging in self-harm behaviours. This is calculated by summing the reported frequency for each of the 17 methods of self-harm queried in the questionnaire. See <ref type="table" coords="4,300.42,600.07,29.05,7.54">Table 3</ref> for the individual frequencies of the various self-harm behaviours.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Preliminary Analyses</head><p>A series of correlations were conducted to determine the potential influence of subject variables (i.e., age and sex) on the dependent variables. The results from these analyses (see <ref type="table" coords="4,452.75,694.24,25.07,7.54">Table 4</ref>) indicated that people who were older reported more secure attachment, were less aggressive, and had less psychopathology. Given these multiple associations, age was entered as a covariate in all main analyses as we were interested in the associations between life history strategies and <ref type="table" coords="4,300.42,56.37,21.22,6.28">Table 2</ref> The percentage of respondents whom recorded a rating on the DSM-5 self-rated level 1 cross-cutting symptom measure indicating a need for further inquiry. Using any of the following medicines ON YOUR OWN, that is, without a doctor's prescription, in greater amounts or longer than prescribed? ⁎</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>9.4</head><p>Note: ⁎ These items only require a score of 1 as opposed to 2 to suggest that further investigation regarding the symptom presentation is required. attachment, aggression, psychopathology, independent of the effect of age. There were no significant associations between sex and any of the dependent variables, with the exception of anger, with men more angry than women.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Main Analyses</head><p>Given the multiple partial correlation analyses that were conducted as part of the main analyses, we used Bonferroni corrections to protect from type I error <ref type="bibr" coords="5,106.07,369.96,53.30,7.54" target="#b41">(Howell, 2002)</ref>. As such, statistical significance was set at p b .002 (i.e., .05/30 = .001666).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.1.">Life History Strategies and Family Structure</head><p>To test if as predicted a blended family structure was more predictive of a fast life strategy a series of partial correlations controlling for age were conducted between the numbers of biological siblings, halfsiblings, and step-siblings, and the two measures of life history strategy, alongside the presence of a step-parent. There were no significant associations at p b .002. See <ref type="table" coords="5,127.11,464.07,25.70,7.54">Table 5</ref> for the complete set of results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.2.">Life History Strategies and Psychopathology</head><p>To examine if there were associations between life history strategy and psychopathology a series of partial correlations were conducted between the life history measures, total scores on the DSM-5 symptom measure, and frequency of self-harm behaviours, controlling for the influence of age. The results (see <ref type="table" coords="5,181.36,537.32,28.67,7.54">Table 5</ref>) revealed significant associations between both life history measures and total psychopathology symptom frequency with faster life strategies associated with more symptoms of psychopathology. Neither of the life history strategy measures was significantly correlated (p b .002) with frequency of selfharm behaviours.</p><p>To determine if, as predicted, the associations between life history strategy and self-harm would vary as function of sex, as series of moderation analyses were conducted using procedures outlined in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,539.66,348.98,21.89,7.54;5,310.51,359.47,22.70,7.54" target="#b37">Hayes (2013)</ref>, with sex as the moderating variable, and age entered as a covariate. The results did not confirm any main effects for sex or any significant sex by life history strategy interactions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.3.">Life History Strategies and Attachment</head><p>To test the prediction that individuals with a fast life strategy would report significantly lower perceptions of parental/caregiver responsiveness when compared to individuals with a slow life history strategy, a series of partial correlations controlling for age, were conducted between both measures of life history strategy and attachment. As can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="5,350.87,464.06,26.78,7.54">Table 5</ref> there were significant correlations between both life history strategy measures and all subscales of parental attachment. People who reported less empathy toward their caregivers (goal directed partnership) perceived that their caregivers were less responsive to their needs (availability), and reported greater anger within the attachment relationship (angry-distress) also indicated engaging in a faster life strategy.</p><p>To determine if perceived parental support independently predicted life history strategy over and above numbers siblings, two regressions were conductedone with each life strategy measure. That is, scores on the Mini-K and then the HKSS were separately regressed on attachment, while controlling for age, numbers of half-, step-and biological siblings. The result from these analyses (see <ref type="table" coords="5,467.21,589.64,24.93,7.54">Table 6</ref>) revealed that perceived parental support was a significant predictor of life history strategy, independent of numbers of siblings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.4.">Life History Strategies and Aggression</head><p>Next, a series of partial correlations were conducted to test prediction that people with a faster life strategy would be associated with greater levels of aggression. As can be seen in <ref type="table" coords="5,470.32,662.84,23.87,7.54">Table 5</ref>, there were significant associations for both measures of life history strategy and all components of aggression except verbal aggression. People with fast life strategies reported more physical aggression, anger, hostility, and overall aggression.</p><p>To determine if, as predicted the effect of life history strategy on aggression varied as function of sex a series of moderation analyses were conducted using procedures outlined in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,454.90,736.08,46.65,7.54" target="#b37">Hayes (2013)</ref>, with sex as the <ref type="table" coords="5,42.52,56.37,21.22,6.28">Table 3</ref> The frequencies of women and men reporting engaging in specific self-harm behaviours.  <ref type="table" coords="5,42.52,563.60,21.22,6.28">Table 4</ref> Correlation coefficients for attachment, aggression, total psychopathology, and total frequency of self-harm with age and sex. </p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="5,42.29,719.24,36.55,24.29">⁎ p b .05. ⁎⁎ p b .01. ⁎⁎⁎ p b .001.</formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Table 5</head><p>The associations between life history strategy, family structure, psychopathology, selfharm, attachment, and aggression, controlling for age. moderating variable, and age entered as a covariate. None of the results from this series of analyses supported a moderating effect of sex with life history strategy remaining a significant predictor of aggression.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Discussion</head><p>As predicted, the results from the current study show that faster life strategies are significantly associated with more symptoms psychopathology and aggression. Further, individuals who perceived poorer parental investment and attachment relationships reported a faster life history strategy.</p><p>Life history strategies potentially influence mental health and psychological outcomes in a variety of ways <ref type="bibr" coords="6,175.00,338.55,66.50,7.54" target="#b19">(Del Giudice, 2014)</ref>. In the current study we identified some of the psychological constructs and behaviours that are potentially influenced by an individual's selected life strategy. The current study is a valuable aid in the understanding of life history strategy as a mechanism for the development of psychopathology. More importantly this study provided the insights into the relationship between selected life strategies and an individual's level of psychological functioning from a clinical psychology perspective. More specifically we demonstrated how life history strategies are associated with the manifestation of DSM-5 symptomology. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.39,474.56,79.11,7.54">Chisholm et al. (1993)</ref> identified a slow life history strategy as optimal for social and emotional development. The current research supports this finding and further suggests that an individual with a fast life history strategy experiences greater social, emotional, and psychological difficulties. This consolidates and builds on previous findings that stipulate that an unstable environment (fast life history strategy) affects social, emotional, and physical development <ref type="bibr" coords="6,223.54,537.31,59.89,7.54;6,32.43,547.80,21.22,7.54">(Chisholm et al., 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,56.24,547.80,132.35,7.54" target="#b14">Coccaro, Berman, &amp; Kavoussi, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,191.22,547.80,72.64,7.54" target="#b22">Dunkel et al., 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,266.45,547.80,16.99,7.54;6,32.43,558.23,20.84,7.54" target="#b23">Ellis, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,55.45,558.23,69.23,7.54" target="#b25">Ellis &amp; Essex, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,126.88,558.23,80.17,7.54" target="#b31">Figueredo et al., 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,209.19,558.23,74.28,7.54;6,32.43,568.72,19.26,7.54" target="#b43">Kaplan &amp; Gangestad, 2005)</ref>. The results of the current study suggest that a fast life history significantly increases reported psychological dysfunction, self-harm behaviour, and aggression. Individuals from a fast life strategy also endorsed poorer attachment to caregivers.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.">Social and Emotional Development</head><p>If a fast life strategy reflects greater efforts to reproduce, it would be expected that individuals from a slow life strategy to report a lower number of stepsiblings and greater numbers of biologically related siblings. The results from our analyses revealed an association between faster life strategies and numbers of half-siblings (pr = −.20, p = .02) and step-parents (pr = − .19, p = .03). Although these correlations were not significant given our Bonferroni correction, these results do demonstrate a trend that is consistent with life history strategy. If a parent is to adopt a fast life strategy and invest in greater mating effort then it stands to reason that they would have multiple children to multiple partners, leading to fewer resources/time allocated to the existing children (less parental effort), which in turn influences a fast life strategy. The association between life history strategy and family structure is consistent with the notion that paternal dysfunction and disrupted or broken families influence a fast life history strategy, and subsequently adversely affect the social, emotional and physical development of their offspring <ref type="bibr" coords="6,353.20,244.38,71.45,7.54" target="#b25">(Ellis &amp; Essex, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,426.59,244.38,68.32,7.54" target="#b57">Tither &amp; Ellis, 2008)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.">Attachment</head><p>Due to parental effort being an integral component in determining one's life history strategy we assumed that perceived attachment and relationship to the primary caregiver would be a significant factor influencing life history strategies. As predicted the results of the current study revealed significant associations between life history strategies and all scales of reported attachment. Parents who have more children have less time and resources available for parental investment, and the children may have to compete for such resources. Individuals with a slower life strategy are typically exposed to greater parental investment and somatic efforts, compared to reproductive efforts (parents having more children and subsequently more siblings). This greater investment of energy and resources into the development of their offspring facilitates the development of a slower life strategy, in turn nurturing greater attachment relationships. The importance of this parent-child attachment process in predicting life history strategies was also evident independent of the potential influence of the number of siblings (step-, half-, and full) within the family. That is, individuals who reported more positive and secure relationships with their caregivers appeared to have selected a slower life strategy. There is substantial evidence suggesting that poor attachment (reflective of a fast life strategy) creates developmental difficulties in social and emotional functioning (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,362.49,505.91,78.74,7.54" target="#b16">Crawford et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,443.56,505.91,40.02,7.54" target="#b23">Ellis, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,485.85,505.91,65.58,7.54;6,300.41,516.39,20.87,7.54" target="#b29">Figueredo &amp; Wolf, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,323.37,516.39,87.83,7.54" target="#b49">Marcus &amp; Kramer, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,413.40,516.39,70.48,7.54" target="#b55">Simons et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,486.08,516.39,61.56,7.54" target="#b61">West et al., 1998)</ref>. Our findings add further support by demonstrating that faster life strategies are associated with greater aggression and more symptoms of psychopathology. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,312.38,589.64,58.81,7.54" target="#b26">Ellis et al. (2012)</ref> highlighted the advantages of aggression for reproductive effort and status within a fast life history. We predicted that individuals from a slow life history strategy would report lower levels of aggression and aggressive behaviours and this prediction was supported by the results. Specifically, individuals from a fast life history reported being more physically aggressive, angry, and hostile, with men more angry than women. This sex difference in anger is consistent with evolutionary theory in that women have a higher replacement cost in regards to reproductive value, males are more inclined to show aggression and provoke confrontations <ref type="bibr" coords="6,418.39,683.75,95.65,7.54" target="#b9">(Buss &amp; Shackelford, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,516.13,683.75,35.33,7.54;6,300.41,694.24,19.83,7.54" target="#b10">Campbell, 2008)</ref>. Given that women tend to show more relational aggression than men (i.e., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,354.84,704.67,88.47,7.54" target="#b17">Crick &amp; Grotpeter, 1995)</ref> the lack of a robust finding of aggression across domains warrants further investigation within a life strategy context. The Aggression Scale used in the current study did not include items pertaining to relational aggression and exclusion <ref type="table" coords="6,32.43,56.37,21.22,6.28">Table 6</ref> The regression coefficients for predicting life history strategy from attachment, controlling for age and siblings. from peer groups, hence may not have included more common aggressive behaviours of females. Nevertheless, the results of the current research demonstrate that individuals whom receive more parental and somatic efforts, as a result of a slow life history strategy express less aggression than those with a fast life history strategy. This result, coupled with the predictive nature of attachment on life strategy consolidates the findings of <ref type="bibr" coords="7,94.85,118.87,70.72,7.54" target="#b55">Simons et al. (2001)</ref> who found that more secure attachment resulted in less aggression. Therefore, a fast life history strategy is not only reflective of lower levels of attachment; it results in a greater number of aggressive behaviours. It is interesting to consider the mechanisms for such aggression and whether the increase in this behaviour is not contingent on poor attachment, but may be due to learned aggression modelled from parents or caregivers with a fast life history strategy.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.3.">Aggression</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.4.">Psychopathology</head><p>Finally, we predicted that a fast life history strategy would be associated with more symptoms of psychopathology and self-harming behaviours and the results partially supported these predictions. To further investigate we considered gender differences in the incidence of selfharming behaviour. Contrary to prior investigations (i.e. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,262.43,265.36,31.13,7.54;7,42.52,275.79,112.29,7.54" target="#b45">Klonsky, Oltmanns, &amp; Turkheimer, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,156.81,275.79,136.77,7.54" target="#b47">Laye-Gindhu &amp; Schonert-Reichl, 2005)</ref> no significant gender differences were identified in the overall frequency of self-harm behaviours; however, women did report a higher incidence of specific self-harming behaviour such as cutting, and carving words or pictures into their skin. Conversely, men reported banging their heads or variations of this as the most common method. This finding suggests that previous definitions of self-harm may not have provided the diversity of options for men to correctly report their self-harming behaviours.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.5.">Limitations and Future Directions</head><p>The results notwithstanding, there are some limitations with the current study. The most salient limitation being that this was a crosssectional correlational design, invoking the issue of causality. Ideally future research of this type would sample at multiple time points to determine the exact causal nature of family structure, attachment processes, life history strategies, and degree of psychopathology. Most of the participants in the study were females, thus limiting the generalisability of the results; however, this is also typically the demographic who experience mental health problems and seek help in Australia <ref type="bibr" coords="7,262.37,485.04,31.20,7.54;7,42.52,495.47,156.48,7.54" target="#b42">(Ivancic, Perrens, Fildes, Perry, &amp; Christensen, 2014)</ref>. The AAQ measured perceived parental responsiveness, rather than the traditional categorical models of attachment (i.e., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,139.92,516.39,114.77,7.54" target="#b5">Bartholomew &amp; Horowitz, 1991)</ref>. Although the current findings relating to attachment were significant, the AAQ may not have adequately reflected items that resonate with adults in regards to the perceived responsiveness of their caregiver. This is because it was developed for use in an adolescent population; however, given that the current research investigated a broad range of ages (16-69), and was attempting to target the lower end of the age range, it was considered most appropriate in this instance. Finally, we chose to use a global measure of psychopathology to gain the best broadbrush strokes indicator of current symptoms of psychopathology. While this was a brief global measure, the strength of using this measure is that it reflects psychiatric diagnoses relevant to the DSM-5 (American Psychiatric Association, 2013a), without increasing participant burden.</p><p>Future research should explore which elements or components of fitness of life history strategies are most detrimental to future mental health. The current study demonstrated the important potential influence parental investment and attachment has on determining an individual's life history strategy could be better substantiated using a longitudinal study. It appears that aggression plays an important role as both an adaptive fast life strategies and an undesirable mental health problem associated with psychological distress. More research could implicate specific vulnerabilities to certain diagnoses or personality functions associated with life history strategies, alongside fast and slow spectrum psychopathologies (see Del <ref type="bibr" coords="7,462.41,77.03,73.09,7.54" target="#b20">Giudice &amp; Ellis, 2016)</ref>. Alternatively, future research could investigate the role that slow life history strategies play in the development of pro-social behaviours, socially desirable psychological functioning, and coping behaviours.</p><p>The current study highlighted the important implications that life history strategies have on later mental health outcomes and life trajectories. The implications for this research raise concern regarding the role that early interventions could play to combat psychological distress and maladaptive coping mechanisms of individuals with a fast life history strategy. More specifically, it may be plausible to develop methods to easily identify individuals who select a fast life history strategy, or identify inter-generational life history strategies in order to determine who is at increased risk for later mental illness or social and emotional difficulties. This study has provided support to life history theory and the results suggest that selected life history strategies directly impact and increase difficulties in psychological, social and emotional functioning, aggression and self-harm behaviours.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="4,306.43,88.06,239.02,370.39"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Smoking any cigarettes, a cigar, or pipe, or using snuff or chewing tobacco? ⁎ 12.3</figDesc><table coords="4,306.43,88.06,239.02,361.78">Item 
Percentage 

Depression subscale 
Little interest or pleasure in doing things? 
34.1 
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless? 
29.7 
Anger subscale 
Feeling more irritated, grouchy, or angry than usual? 
36.2 
Mania subscale 
Sleeping less than usual, but still have a lot of energy? 
28.3 
Starting lots more projects than usual or doing more risky things 
than usual? 

18.8 

Anxiety subscale 
Feeling nervous, anxious, frightened, worried, or on edge? 
35.5 
Feeling panic or being frightened? 
21.0 
Avoiding situations that make you anxious? 
34.1 
Somatic symptoms subscale 
Unexplained aches and pains (e.g., head, back, joints, abdomen, legs)? 29.0 
Feeling that your illnesses are not being taken seriously enough? 
15.2 
Suicidal ideation subscale 
Thoughts of actually hurting yourself? ⁎ 
18.8 
Psychosis subscale 
Hearing things other people couldn't hear, such as voices even 
when no one was around? ⁎ 

7.2 

Feeling that someone could hear your thoughts, or that you could 
hear what another person was thinking? ⁎ 

6.5 

Sleep disturbances subscale 
Problems with sleep that affected your sleep quality over all? 
31.2 
Memory subscale 
Problems with memory (e.g., learning new information) or with 
location (e.g., finding your way home)? 

15.2 

Repetitive thoughts and behaviour subscale 
Unpleasant thoughts, urges, or images that repeatedly enter your mind? 20.3 
Feeling driven to perform certain behaviours or mental acts over 
and over again? 

10.1 

Dissociation subscale 
Feeling detached or distant from yourself, your body, your physical 
surroundings, or your memories? 

13.8 

Personality functioning subscale 
Not knowing who you really are or what you want out of life? 
30.4 
Not feeling close to other people or enjoying your relationships 
with them? 

26.8 

Substance use subscale 
Drinking at least 4 drinks of any kind of alcohol in a single day? ⁎ 
34.1 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="4,32.43,56.37,251.13,162.16"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Summary of means, standard deviations, and Cronbach's α for the AAQ, AGS, Mini-K, and HKSS.</figDesc><table coords="4,38.44,87.97,239.06,130.57">Measure 
M 
S D 
α 

Attachment 
Total attachment 
15.54 
7.63 
0.92 
Availability 
5.63 
3.22 
0.91 
Goal-corrected partnership 
4.77 
2.75 
0.93 
Angry distress 
5.14 
2.84 
0.83 
Aggression 
Total aggression 
59.90 
19.62 
0.93 
Physical aggression 
16.81 
6.04 
0.83 
Verbal aggression 
11.51 
4.84 
0.84 
Anger 
14.30 
5.44 
0.83 
Hostility 
17.27 
8.05 
0.90 
Life history strategy 
Mini-K 
14.62 
11.25 
0.84 
HKSS 
87.34 
13.64 
0.91 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="6,32.66,79.50,512.83,118.48"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>5132) = 10.49, p b .001 F(5132) = 9.09, p b .001 ⁎ p b .05. ⁎⁎⁎ p b .001.</figDesc><table coords="6,38.44,79.50,507.05,96.57">Mini-K 
HKSS 

95% CI 
95% CI 

Predictors 
b 
β 
t 
Lower 
Upper 
b 
β 
t 
Lower 
Upper 

Age (covariate) 
0.21 
.27 ⁎⁎⁎ 
3.29 
0.08 
0.34 
0.20 
.21 ⁎ 
2.51 
0.04 
0.35 
Half-siblings (covariate) 
−0.01 
.01 
−0.01 
−2.16 
2.16 
−1.63 
−.10 
−1.21 
−4.30 
1.04 
Step-siblings (covariate) 
0.21 
.02 
0.19 
−1.93 
2.36 
0.07 
.01 
0.06 
−2.58 
2.72 
Biological siblings (covariate) 
−0.04 
−.01 
−0.05 
−1.69 
1.61 
0.01 
.01 
0.01 
−2.03 
2.05 
Total attachment 
−0.60 
−.41 ⁎⁎⁎ 
−5.20 
−0.83 
−0.37 
−0.67 
−.37 ⁎⁎⁎ 
−4.68 
−0.95 
−0.38 
R 2 = .28 
R 2 = .26 
F(</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Supplementary Materials</head><p>Supplementary data to this article can be found online at doi: http:// dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2016.06.001</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,338.76,251.08,6.03;7,322.47,346.70,239.12,6.03;7,322.47,354.69,239.06,6.03;7,322.47,362.63,20.62,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The theoretical underpinnings of affective temperaments: implications for evolutionary foundations of bipolar disorder and human nature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Akiskal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Akiskal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jad.2004.08.002</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jad.2004.08.002" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Affective Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="239" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,370.62,251.07,6.03;7,322.47,378.61,148.68,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">DSM-IV-TR</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Washington, DC</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Author</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,386.55,251.17,6.03;7,322.47,394.54,135.30,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">DSM-5</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Arlington, VA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Author</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>5th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,402.48,251.14,6.03;7,322.47,410.48,57.44,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The DSM-5 self-rated level 1 cross-cutting symptom measure -adult</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>American Psychiatric Association</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,418.47,251.04,6.03;7,322.47,426.41,239.06,6.03;7,322.47,434.40,103.22,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The bright side of being blue: Depression as an adaptation for analyzing complex problems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Andrews</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Thomson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jr</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0016242</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0016242" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">116</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="620" to="654" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,442.34,251.05,6.03;7,322.47,450.33,226.08,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attachment styles among young adults: A test of a four-category model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bartholomew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Horowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lm</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="226" to="244" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,458.27,251.02,6.03;7,322.47,466.26,239.19,6.03;7,322.47,474.25,188.19,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic and environmental influences on behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Beauchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Gatzke-Kopp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Child and adolescent psychopathology</title>
		<editor>T. P. Beauchaine, &amp; S. P. Hinshaw</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hoboken, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons Inc</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="140" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,482.19,250.99,6.03;7,322.47,490.18,220.52,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The aggression questionnaire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Perry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.63.3.452</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.63.3.452" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="452" to="459" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,498.12,251.06,6.03;7,322.47,506.11,14.61,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The handbook of evolutionary psychology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hoboken, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,514.11,251.17,6.03;7,322.47,522.05,139.02,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human aggression in evolutionary psychological perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Shackelford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="605" to="619" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,530.04,251.07,6.03;7,322.47,537.98,239.12,6.03;7,322.47,545.97,36.16,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attachment, aggression and affiliation: The role of oxytocin in female social behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.biopsycho.2007.09.001</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.biopsycho.2007.09.001" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biological Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="10" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,553.96,251.08,6.03;7,322.47,561.90,134.58,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The evolutionary ecology of attachment organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chisholm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/BF02733488</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/BF02733488" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,569.89,203.29,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chisholm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ellison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pc</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lieberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ls</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Pavlik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,515.91,569.89,45.65,6.03;7,322.47,577.83,239.12,6.03;7,322.47,585.82,239.06,6.04;7,322.47,593.76,73.12,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Death, hope, and sex: Life-history theory and the development of reproductive strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Worthman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2743728</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.2307/2743728" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Anthropology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>and comments and reply</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,601.76,251.13,6.03;7,322.47,609.75,239.08,6.03;7,322.47,617.69,145.69,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessment of life history of aggression: Development and psychometric characteristics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Coccaro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Berman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Me</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kavoussi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0165-1781(97)00119-4</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0165-1781(97)00119-4" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychiatry Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="157" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,625.68,251.13,6.03;7,322.47,633.62,239.06,6.03;7,322.47,641.61,154.59,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evolutionary psychology: Counting babies or studying informationprocessing mechanisms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Crawford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1749-6632.2000.tb06613.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1749-6632.2000.tb06613.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">907</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,649.61,251.07,6.03;7,322.47,657.54,239.12,6.03;7,322.47,665.54,239.12,6.03;7,322.47,673.47,26.35,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Selfreported attachment, interpersonal aggression, and personality disorder in a prospective community sample of adolescents and adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Crawford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Shaver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pilkonis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Gillath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kasen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="351" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,681.47,251.08,6.03;7,322.47,689.40,239.06,6.03;7,322.47,697.40,43.92,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relational aggression, gender, and social-psychological adjustment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Crick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Grotpeter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/1467-8624.ep9506152720</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1467-8624.ep9506152720" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Child Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="710" to="722" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,705.39,251.10,6.03;7,322.47,713.33,239.03,6.03;7,322.47,721.32,54.92,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Child abuse and other risks of not living with both parents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Daly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0162-3095(85)90012-3</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/0162-3095" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90012" to="90015" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,729.26,251.08,6.03;7,322.47,737.25,239.12,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An evolutionary life history framework for psychopathology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Del</forename><surname>Giudice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/1047840X.2014.884918</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/1047840X.2014.884918" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="300" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,54.78,251.08,6.03;8,44.39,62.78,239.04,6.03;8,44.39,70.72,118.40,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evolutionary foundations of developmental psychopathology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Del</forename><surname>Giudice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bj</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental neuroscience</title>
		<editor>D. Cicchettit</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3 ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,78.71,251.17,6.03;8,44.39,86.65,239.10,6.03;8,44.39,94.64,62.86,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Father absence and reproductive strategy: An evolutionary perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Draper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Harpending</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3629848</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.2307/3629848" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Anthropological Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,102.63,251.08,6.03;8,44.39,110.57,239.12,6.03;8,44.39,118.56,126.75,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Life history strategy, identity consolidation, and psychological well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Dunkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Mathes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Harbke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.paid.2011.03.005</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2011.03.005" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="34" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,126.50,251.08,6.03;8,44.39,134.49,124.56,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Timing of pubertal maturation in girls: An integrated life history approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">130</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="920" to="958" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,142.49,251.13,6.03;8,44.39,150.42,239.07,6.03;8,44.39,158.42,116.83,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond allostatic load: Rethinking the role of stress in regulating human development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Del Giudice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/S0954579413000849</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S0954579413000849" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Development and Psychopathology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,166.36,251.08,6.03;8,44.39,174.35,239.12,6.03;8,44.39,182.29,121.88,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family environments, adrenarche, and sexual maturation: A longitudinal test of a life history model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Essex</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-8624.2007.01092.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-8624.2007.01092.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Child Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1799" to="1817" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,190.28,251.11,6.03;8,44.39,198.27,239.20,6.03;8,44.39,206.21,170.48,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The evolutionary basis of risky adolescent behavior: Implications for science, policy, and practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Del</forename><surname>Giudice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Dishion</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Tj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Figueredo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Aj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Gray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Griskevicius</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="598" to="623" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>DS</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,214.20,251.07,6.03;8,44.39,222.14,239.08,6.03;8,44.39,230.13,239.11,6.03;8,44.39,238.13,18.07,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond allostatic load: The stress response system as a mechanism of conditional adaptation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Del</forename><surname>Giudice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Shirtcliff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ea</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Child and adolescent psychopathology</title>
		<editor>T. P. Beauchaine, &amp; S. P. Hinshaw</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hoboken, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="284" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2 ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,246.06,251.17,6.03;8,44.39,254.06,239.15,6.03;8,44.39,261.99,94.83,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of self-esteem and narcissism on bullying and victimization during early adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fanti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Henrich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cc (</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0272431613519498</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0272431613519498" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Early Adolescence</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,269.99,251.04,6.03;8,44.39,277.92,191.78,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assortative pairing and life history strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Figueredo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wolf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Psa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s12110-009-9068-2</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s12110-009-9068-2" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="317" to="330" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,285.92,251.09,6.03;8,44.39,293.91,239.19,6.03;8,44.39,301.76,73.63,6.38" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Intimate partner violence and life history strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Figueredo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gladden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Beck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Cja</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>A. T. Goetz, &amp; T. K. Shackelford</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>OUP</publisher>
			<pubPlace>USA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The oxford handbook of sexual conflict in humans</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,309.85,251.14,6.03;8,44.39,317.78,239.17,6.03;8,44.39,325.78,206.86,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The heritability of life history strategy: The k-factor, covitality, and personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Figueredo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Vásquez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Brumbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Smr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/19485565.2004.9989090</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/19485565.2004.9989090" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biodemography and Social Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="143" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,333.77,220.13,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Figueredo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Vásquez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Brumbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Smr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sefcek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,254.27,333.77,29.20,6.03;8,44.39,341.71,239.10,6.03;8,44.39,349.70,239.14,6.03;8,44.39,357.64,12.12,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consilience and life history theory: From genes to brain to reproductive strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jacobs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.dr.2006.02.002</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.dr.2006.02.002" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="275" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,365.63,251.05,6.03;8,44.39,373.53,124.26,6.38" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">High-K strategy scale: A measure of the high-K independent criterion of fitness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Giosan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolutionary Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="394" to="405" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,381.56,251.17,6.03;8,44.39,389.56,239.06,6.03;8,44.39,397.49,154.82,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement of deliberate self-harm: Preliminary data on the deliberate self-harm inventory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gratz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1023/a:1012779403943</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1023/a:1012779403943" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Psychopathology and Behavioral Assessment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="263" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,405.49,251.09,6.03;8,44.39,413.42,239.12,6.03;8,44.39,421.42,192.86,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of mortality and socioeconomic status on risk and delayed rewards: A life history theory approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Griskevicius</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tybur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Delton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Robertson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Te</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1015" to="1026" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,429.41,251.09,6.03;8,44.39,437.35,149.37,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Introduction to mediation, moderation, and conditional process analysis: A regression-based approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,445.34,251.16,6.03;8,44.39,453.28,239.03,6.03;8,44.39,461.27,58.32,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Young people&apos;s stories of self-harm: A narrative study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Dallos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1359104511423364</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1359104511423364" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Child Psychology and Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="459" to="475" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,469.26,251.12,6.03;8,44.39,477.20,239.12,6.03;8,44.39,485.19,45.74,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Life history traits in humans: Theory and empirical studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kaplan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.anthro.28.1.397</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.anthro.28.1.397" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Anthropology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="430" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,32.43,493.13,251.08,6.03;8,44.39,501.13,239.11,6.03;8,44.39,509.06,209.05,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Developmental psychopathology as a scientific discipline: Rationale, principles, and advances</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hinshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Child and adolescent psychopathology</title>
		<editor>T. P. Beauchaine, &amp; S. P. Hinshaw</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hoboken, NJ, US</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons Inc</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,54.78,251.02,6.03;8,312.38,62.77,26.07,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Howell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Statistical methods for psychology</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Pacific Grove, CA, US</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Duxbury</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>5th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,70.72,251.02,6.03;8,312.38,78.71,159.50,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Youth Mental Health Report</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ivancic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Perrens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Fildes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Perry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Christensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-06" />
			<publisher>MIssion Australia and Black Dog Institute</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,86.65,251.15,6.03;8,312.38,94.64,239.16,6.03;8,312.38,102.63,64.60,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Life history theory and evolutionary psychology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kaplan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Gangestad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>D. M. Buss</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons Inc</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="95" />
			<pubPlace>Hoboken, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The handbook of evolutionary psychology</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,110.57,251.08,6.03;8,312.38,118.56,168.24,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Developmental psychopathology: From infancy through adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kerig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ludlow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wenar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Berkshire, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>6th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,126.50,251.08,6.03;8,312.38,134.49,239.21,6.03;8,312.38,142.49,58.04,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deliberate self-harm in a nonclinical population: Prevalence and psychological correlates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Klonsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Oltmanns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Turkheimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The American Journal of Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">160</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1501" to="1508" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,150.33,251.05,6.38;8,312.38,158.42,239.04,6.03;8,312.38,166.36,58.38,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Survival of the fittest and the sexiest: Evolutionary origins of adolescent bullying</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-B</forename><surname>Koh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Js</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0886260515593546</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0886260515593546" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Interpersonal Violence</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,174.35,251.09,6.03;8,312.38,182.19,239.09,6.38;8,312.38,190.28,217.29,6.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nonsuicidal self-harm among community adolescents: Understanding the &quot;whats&quot; and &quot;whys&quot; of self-harm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Laye-Gindhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Schonert-Reichl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10964-005-7262-z</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10964-005-7262-z" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Youth and Adolescence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="447" to="457" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.41,198.27,250.95,6.03;8,312.38,206.21,124.88,6.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A literature review of deliberate self-harm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mangnall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Yurkovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives in Psychiatric Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="175" to="184" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,214.20,251.16,6.03;8,312.38,222.14,177.46,6.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reactive and proactive aggression: Attachment and social competence predictors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Marcus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Genetic Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">162</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">260</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,230.13,251.08,6.03;8,312.38,238.13,239.17,6.03;8,312.38,246.06,87.75,6.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Child psychopathology: A developmental-systems perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mash</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Dozios</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Dja</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Child psychopathology</title>
		<editor>E. J. Mash, &amp; R. A. Barkley</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="71" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,254.06,251.05,6.03;8,312.38,261.99,239.12,6.03;8,312.38,269.99,79.64,6.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Competitive disadvantage facilitates risk taking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mishra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Barclay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lalumière</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ml</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2013.11.006</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2013.11.006" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="126" to="132" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,277.93,251.07,6.03;8,312.38,285.92,239.09,6.03;8,312.38,293.91,239.11,6.03;8,312.38,301.85,101.76,6.03" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Darwin in the madhouse: Evolutionary psychology and the classification of mental disorders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Stich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. Carruthers, &amp; A. Chamberlain</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="62" to="92" />
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Evolution and the human mind: Modularity, language and meta-cognition</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.41,309.84,251.02,6.03;8,312.38,317.78,239.12,6.04;8,312.38,325.78,61.50,6.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human parental effort and environmental risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Quinlan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1098/rspb.2006.3690</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rspb.2006.3690" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B: Biological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">274</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="125" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,333.77,251.02,6.03;8,312.38,341.71,125.96,6.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deliberate self-harm in adolescents: The importance of gender</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Rodham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hawton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychiatric Times</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">36</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,349.70,251.13,6.03;8,312.38,357.64,239.18,6.03;8,312.38,365.63,124.26,6.03" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Quality of parent/adolescent attachment and aggression in young adolescents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Simons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Paternite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Shore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0272431601021002003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0272431601021002003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Early Adolescence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="182" to="203" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.41,373.63,251.08,6.03;8,312.38,381.56,239.10,6.03;8,312.38,389.56,193.14,6.03" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of child sexual abuse on mental health: Prospective study in males and females</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Spataro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Burgess</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Wells</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Dl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Moss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1192/bjp.184.5.416</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1192/bjp.184.5.416" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The British Journal of Psychiatry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">184</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="416" to="421" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,397.49,251.12,6.03;8,312.38,405.49,239.12,6.03;8,312.38,413.42,138.49,6.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of fathers on daughters&apos; age at menarche: A genetically and environmentally controlled sibling study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tither</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0013065</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0013065" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1409" to="1420" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,421.42,251.06,6.03;8,312.38,429.41,221.66,6.03" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Parental investment and sexual selection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Trivers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>B. Campbell</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
			<publisher>Aldine</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="136" to="179" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Sexual selection and the decent of man</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,437.35,251.19,6.03;8,312.38,445.34,239.12,6.03;8,312.38,453.28,19.26,6.03" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is adolescent bullying an evolutionary adaptation?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Volk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Camilleri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Dane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Marini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Za</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/ab.21418</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ab.21418" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Aggressive Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="222" to="238" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,461.27,251.18,6.03;8,312.38,469.26,178.00,6.03" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The concept of mental disorder: On the boundary between biological facts and social values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jc</forename><forename type="middle">(</forename><surname>Wakefield</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="388" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,477.20,251.11,6.03;8,312.38,485.19,239.04,6.03;8,312.38,493.13,102.39,6.03" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adolescent attachment questionnaire: A brief assessment of attachment in adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ms</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Spreng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sheldon-Keller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Adam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Youth and Adolescence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="661" to="673" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,300.42,501.13,251.12,6.03;8,312.38,509.06,199.78,6.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Child sexual abuse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Wolfe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Assessment of childhood disorders</title>
		<editor>E. J. Mash, &amp; R. A. Barkley</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="685" to="748" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
