<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Race and Sexual Behavior Predict Uptake of the Human Papillomavirus Vaccine</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kate</forename><surname>Keenan</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alison</forename><surname>Hipwell</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephanie</forename><surname>Stepp</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pittsburgh</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neuroscience</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Depart-ment of Psychiatry</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pittsburgh</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>5841 South Maryland Avenue</addrLine>
									<postCode>60637</postCode>
									<settlement>Chicago</settlement>
									<region>IL</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Race and Sexual Behavior Predict Uptake of the Human Papillomavirus Vaccine</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:05+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>human papillomavirus</term>
					<term>vaccine uptake</term>
					<term>race</term>
					<term>sexual activity</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Objective: To identify predictors of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination initiation by girls at high risk for HPV infection. Method: Participants were 2,098 girls enrolled in the ongoing Pittsburgh Girls Study, who were between the ages of 12 and 15 years in 2008, and their primary caregivers. The study was conducted in the 2 years after the deployment of the first HPV vaccine approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Primary caregivers were asked about HPV vaccine uptake. Girls were interviewed about pubertal development and sexually intimate behavior. Results: Approximately 60% of the girls had initiated the HPV vaccine in the past year. Among the hypothesized predictors of initiation, African-American race decreased the likelihood and level of sexually intimate behavior in the previous year increased the likelihood of uptake. Controlling for receipt of public assistance, African-American girls were close to 40% less likely to be vaccinated than European-American girls. Conclusion: Racial disparities in use of preventive interventions such as the HPV vaccine exist. Lack of information about public financing of the vaccine, timing of vaccination relative to sexual activity, and perceptions of preventive value may limit uptake among those at highest risk for infection and negative sequelae from infection. Further research to probe knowledge and attitudes toward HPV vaccination and the impact of the media on vaccine initiation and uptake may reveal specific targets of intervention.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Human papillomavirus (HPV) is a common sexually transmitted infection that is associated with cervical cancer <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.87,393.04,61.19,7.91;1,48.00,404.04,111.21,7.91" target="#b0">(Bosch, Lorincz, Munoz, Meijer, &amp; Shah, 2002)</ref>. More than 25% of women 14 -59 years old are infected with HPV <ref type="bibr" coords="1,167.01,415.04,71.13,7.91" target="#b4">(Dunne et al., 2007)</ref>. In 2006, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the first vaccine developed to prevent genital warts, precancerous lesions, and cervical cancer caused by four types of HPV, which was heralded as a significant advance in preventive health care for females. The current U.S. guidelines for the HPV vaccination are to target girls 11-12 years old and previously unvaccinated girls 13-26 years old regardless of sexual experience <ref type="bibr" coords="1,223.37,492.04,64.68,7.91;1,48.00,503.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b4">(Markowitz et al., 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Sociodemographic factors are associated with HPV infection and cervical cancer. African-American women are at greater risk for HPV infection <ref type="bibr" coords="1,120.94,536.04,76.44,7.91" target="#b15">(Shikary et al., 2009</ref>), incidence of cervical cancer <ref type="bibr" coords="1,75.43,547.04,208.76,7.91" target="#b14">(Schairer, Brinton, Devesa, Ziegler, &amp; Fraumeni, 1991)</ref>, and morbidity resulting from cervical cancer <ref type="bibr" coords="1,212.38,558.04,71.81,7.91" target="#b6">(Hébert et al., 2009)</ref>. Lower income is also associated with HPV infection and cervical cancer <ref type="bibr" coords="1,76.09,580.04,81.69,7.91" target="#b15">(Shikary et al., 2009)</ref>. Efforts, therefore, to investigate uptake of the HPV vaccine in populations at high risk for HPV infection and cervical cancer are critical to addressing disparities in health outcomes for members of racial minorities and those living in poverty.</p><p>To date, several studies have been conducted on vaccine acceptability and a few on correlates of initiation or uptake. Using a convenience sample of Caribbean-American and African-American adolescents attending a medical clinic and their parents, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,306.00,448.65,154.25,7.91" target="#b11">Read, Joseph, Polishchuk, and Suss (2010)</ref> reported that interest in the HPV vaccine was twice as high among sexually active compared to nonsexually active adolescents. Beliefs about health and sexuality, and African-American race are also correlates of low acceptability <ref type="bibr" coords="1,359.83,493.06,182.10,7.91" target="#b13">(Scarinci, Garcés-Palacio, &amp; Partridge, 2007)</ref>. Among the recent studies testing correlates of vaccination initiation, perceived barriers to vaccination <ref type="bibr" coords="1,451.16,515.27,94.91,7.91;1,306.00,526.37,82.11,7.91" target="#b12">(Reiter, Brewer, Gottlieb, McRee, &amp; Smith, 2009</ref>), and area and family level poverty <ref type="bibr" coords="1,523.06,526.37,23.00,7.91;1,306.00,537.47,77.89,7.91" target="#b10">(Pruitt &amp; Schootman, 2010)</ref> decreased the likelihood of initiation. Few investigators have had sufficient representation of African-American adolescents in nonclinical settings, or representative populations with adequate response rates to test hypotheses about race effects. In addition, many of the factors identified in the existing literature, such as race and poverty, and age, puberty, and sexual activity, may share explained variance in vaccine initiation. Thus, adequately powered studies are needed to parse the unique effects of hypothesized correlates of HPV vaccine initiation.</p><p>The present study addresses these gaps in the literature. Two years after FDA approval of the first HPV vaccine, caregivers of girls in the Pittsburgh Girls Study (PGS; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,460.81,659.59,74.12,7.91" target="#b7">Keenan et al., 2010)</ref>, a longitudinal study funded by the National Institutes of Health on the development of behavioral and emotional problems, were administered questions about vaccine initiation. Approximately half of the girls in the PGS are African American and the sample was selected to overrepresent families living in low-income neigh-borhoods. Because data have been collected annually, predictors of vaccine initiation could be identified. Thus, the PGS provides a unique opportunity to generate information critical to evaluating the successful delivery of a preventive intervention for an illness that disproportionately affects minority populations.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method Sampling</head><p>A stratified, random household sampling, with oversampling of households in low-income neighborhoods, was used to identify girls who were between the ages of 5 and 8 years. Neighborhoods in which at least 25% of the families were living at or below the poverty level were fully enumerated (i.e., all homes were contacted to determine if the household contained an eligible girl), and a random selection of 50% of the households in all other neighborhoods were enumerated during 1998 and 1999. The enumeration identified 3,118 separate households in which an eligible girl resided. From these households, families who moved out of state and families in which the girl would be age ineligible by the start of the study were excluded. When two age-eligible girls were enumerated in a single household, one girl was randomly selected for participation. Of the 2,992 eligible families 2,875 (96%) were successfully recontacted to determine their willingness to participate in the longitudinal study. Of those families, 85% agreed to participate, resulting in a total sample size of 2,451.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Interviews</head><p>In-home interviews were conducted annually beginning in 2000 when the girls were between the ages of 5 and 8 years. Girls and their caregivers were interviewed in their homes separately by trained interviewers who administered questionnaires on laptop computers. For the present study, predictors of vaccine initiation were assessed in 2008 when the girls were between 13 and 16 years of age, and the assessment of vaccine initiation in the following year when they were between 14 and 17 years of age. Approval for all study procedures was obtained from the University of Pittsburgh Institutional Review Board.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>Caregivers reported whether girls had received at least one dose of the vaccine. Caregivers identified their daughters as African American or African American and another race (57.9%), European American (41.2%), or Asian American (0.9%). Asian-American girls were excluded from the present analyses due to underrepresentation.</p><p>The Adolescent Sexual Activity Index <ref type="bibr" coords="2,210.68,627.04,77.37,7.91;2,48.00,638.04,50.27,7.91" target="#b5">(Hansen, Paskett, &amp; Carter, 1999)</ref> was administered to the girls to assess sexually intimate behaviors ranging from spending time alone with a boy to sexual intercourse. Internal consistency of the 11-item measure for this sample was high (alpha ϭ .88). Five items measure presexual behaviors (including holding hands and hugging), three items measure fondling, and three items measure genital contact. These three groups of items were used to measure stage of sexual behavior, so that an endorsement of a single item at the highest stage (presexual, fondling, genital contact) determined the highest level of sexual behavior. Pubertal development was assessed via self-ratings performed with the aid of schematic drawings of secondary sexual characteristics <ref type="bibr" coords="2,326.83,121.04,81.59,7.91" target="#b8">(Morris &amp; Udry, 1980)</ref>. Slightly more than 2% were rated as being at Tanner Stages IϪII, 9% were rated as being at Stage III, 42.2% at stage IV, and 45.5% at Tanner Stage V. Age of the girl was also included because pubertal development and level of sexually intimate behavior are associated with age.</p><p>Poverty was operationally defined as caregiver's report of receipt of public assistance including participation in the Women, Infants, and Children Program, food stamps, Medicaid insurance, and/or Temporary Assistance to Needy Families.</p><p>Logistic regressions were computed to test the effects of race, age, poverty, pubertal status, and sexual behavior on vaccine initiation in the following year, using PASW Statistics 18 (PASW Statistics 18). All analyses were conducted with weighted data to correct for the oversampling of the low-income neighborhoods. Given the large sample size, significant differences are reported for p values less than .01.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Of the 2,098 participants interviewed in 2008, 1,320 (62.9%) reported that their daughters had received the HPV vaccine in the past year, 739 (35.2%) stated that their daughters had not received the vaccine, 38 (1.8%) were unsure, and 1 (0.05%) refused to answer the question. The latter two groups were excluded from further analyses, as were two Asian-American girls, yielding a total of 2,057 families for testing predictors of initiation. Descriptive statistics for the hypothesized predictors for the analyzable sample are presented in <ref type="table" coords="2,395.95,415.04,26.86,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>.</p><p>African-American race, sexually intimate behavior, and age were significant predictors of vaccine uptake; receipt of public assistance and pubertal development were not (see <ref type="table" coords="2,510.62,448.04,28.90,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). African-American girls were 35% less likely to have received the vaccine than European-American girls, and likelihood of vaccine uptake increased by approximately 36% with each increase in level of sexually intimate behavior and by 20% with each increase in age in years. When tested simultaneously, and while controlling for receipt of public assistance, both race, odds ratio (OR) ϭ 1.61, 95% confidence interval (CI) [1.32-1,96], p Ͻ .001, and level of sexually intimate behavior in the previous year, OR ϭ 1.27, 95% CI [1.11-1.46], p Ͻ .001, were significant predictors of initiation, but age was not, OR ϭ 1.09, 95% CI [0.99 -1.20], p ϭ .07. The interaction of race and sexually intimate behavior on initiation also was tested, but no significant effect was observed.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>The present study is one of the first to explore predictors of HPV vaccination in a well-characterized, representative sample of highrisk adolescent girls in the 2 years after FDA approval of the HPV vaccine. More than half of caregivers reported that their daughters 13-16 years old had been vaccinated. Among the hypothesized predictors of uptake, African-American race decreased the likelihood and level of sexually intimate behavior in the previous year increased the likelihood of uptake. Controlling for receipt of public assistance, African-American girls were close to 40% less likely than European-American girls to be vaccinated. Thus, racial disparities in preventive health, in the form of HPV vaccination, persist. Given the increased risk for cervical cancer among African-American women <ref type="bibr" coords="3,148.13,513.36,82.97,7.91" target="#b14">(Schairer et al., 1991)</ref> and the likelihood for such cancer to leading to death <ref type="bibr" coords="3,196.69,524.56,71.94,7.91" target="#b6">(Hébert et al., 2009)</ref>, this is a gap in delivery of preventive health that needs to be closed.</p><p>The association between engaging in sexually intimate behavior and vaccine uptake may not be surprising, but it is problematic. In the present study, for every increase in level of sexually intimate behavior, there was a 36% increase in the likelihood of vaccination, controlling for age, pubertal status, and race. It is predictable that caregivers of young girls, and perhaps the girls themselves, would be less likely to pursue vaccination for a sexually transmitted infection in the absence of sexual behavior. This link between timing of sexual activity and caregivers' perceptions of risk for infection works against the need to protect girls most effectively by vaccinating before risk of exposure. Thus, information on the frequency and rapidity with which HPV can be contracted once an individual becomes sexually active may not be communicated efficiently to caregivers or to the girls themselves. Understanding the high rate and ease of transmission of HPV may be as important a component in education as are efficacy and safety of the vaccine.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study Limitations</head><p>A number of limitations should be noted. First, there was no verification of caregiver report of vaccine initiation. Although we provided an option for those who were unsure (close to 2% reported being unsure), data suggest that parental recall of vaccinations is more likely to suffer from false negatives than false positives, although error rates for HPV appear to be among the lowest <ref type="bibr" coords="3,331.53,162.11,109.74,7.91" target="#b3">(Dorell, Jain, &amp; Yankey, 2008)</ref>. Second, because we did not collect data on uptake of other vaccinations, we do not know whether our findings are specific to HPV uptake. Finally, we did not contact participants within 6 months to determine whether the series was completed. Predictors of completion are equally important to identify.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>The rate of uptake in the present study is far below the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's 90% target. The fact that populations at highest risk for cervical cancer are the least likely to have received the vaccine requires consideration of alternative methods for communication and accessibility. Mandatory vaccination prior to entry in middle school has been suggested as a means of overcoming barriers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,416.79,327.31,106.93,7.91" target="#b16">(Zimet, Shew, &amp; Kahn, 2008)</ref>. This may be a way to create more equal access to information about HPV infection and vaccination, and ultimately reduce racial disparities in HPV infection, incidence of cervical cancer, and morbidity resulting from cervical cancer. Note. Significance tested by separate logistic regression for each predictor. OR ϭ odds ratio; CI ϭ confidence interval.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,306.00,518.54,239.50,199.20"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics for Hypothesized Predictors</figDesc><table coords="2,306.00,549.20,239.50,168.53">Predictors 
n 
% 

African-American race 
1053 
51.2 
Receipt of public assistance 
672 
33.3 
Age (years) 
12 
508 
24.7 
13 
537 
26.1 
14 
507 
24.7 
15 
504 
24.5 
Pubertal Development (n ϭ 1,966) 
Tanner Stage IϪII 
52 
2.5 
Tanner Stage III 
210 
9.9 
Tanner Stage IV 
892 
42.2 
Tanner Stage V 
962 
45.5 
Sexually Intimate Behavior (n ϭ 1,978) 
None 
580 
27.2 
Presexual 
1209 
56.7 
Fondling 
219 
10.3 
Genital contact 
124 
5.8 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="3,48.00,77.04,239.50,91.46"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Univariate Tests of Predictors of HPV Vaccine Uptake</figDesc><table coords="3,48.00,107.70,239.50,60.80">Correlate 
Wald 
OR 
95% CI 
p 

African-American race 
21.25 
0.65 
[0.54, 0.78] 
Ͻ.001 
Receipt of public assistance 
0.12 
0.97 
[0.80, 1.17] 
.634 
Age 
18.77 
1.20 
[1.10, 1.30] 
Ͻ.001 
Pubertal development 
1.81 
1.04 
[0.98, 1.11] 
.353 
Sexually intimate behavior 
25.47 
1.36 
[1.20, 1.54] 
Ͻ.001 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,415.70,240.03,7.03;3,314.00,425.70,232.02,7.03;3,314.00,435.70,229.16,7.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The causal relation between human papillomavirus and cervical cancer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Bosch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lorincz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Munoz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Meijer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Shah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1136/jcp.55.4.244</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Clinical Pathology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="265" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,445.70,240.03,7.03;3,314.00,455.70,200.48,7.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Markowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Dunne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Saraiya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lawson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Chesson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Unger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Centers for Disease Control Prevention (CDC</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,516.26,455.70,29.78,7.03;3,314.00,465.70,232.03,7.03;3,314.00,475.70,231.88,7.03;3,314.00,485.70,232.03,7.03;3,314.00,495.70,115.76,7.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP)</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine: Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR. Recommendations and Reports</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,505.70,240.03,7.03;3,314.00,515.70,232.03,7.03;3,314.00,525.70,206.97,7.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Validity of parent-reported vaccination status for adolescents aged 13-17 years: National Immunization Survey-Teen</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dorell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Jain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Yankey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Health Reports</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">126</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,535.70,240.01,7.03;3,314.00,545.70,232.03,7.03;3,314.00,555.70,232.02,7.03;3,314.00,565.70,182.50,7.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of HPV infection among females in the US</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Dunne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Unger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sternberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Mcquillan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Swan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Patel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Markowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1001/jama.297.8.813</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">297</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="813" to="819" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,575.70,240.02,7.03;3,314.00,585.70,232.03,7.03;3,314.00,595.70,232.01,7.03;3,314.00,605.70,161.82,7.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Adolescent Sexual Activity Index (ASAI): A standardized strategy for measuring interpersonal heterosexual behaviors among youth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Paskett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Carter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/her/14.4.485</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Education Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="485" to="490" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,615.70,240.03,7.03;3,314.00,625.70,232.02,7.03;3,314.00,635.70,232.02,7.03;3,314.00,645.70,232.01,7.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mapping cancer mortality-to-incidence ratios to illustrate racial and sex disparities in a high-risk population</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hébert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Daguise</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hurley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Wilkerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mosley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Bolick-Aldrich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/cncr.24270</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cancer</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">115</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2539" to="2552" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,655.70,240.03,7.03;3,314.00,665.70,232.02,7.03;3,314.00,675.70,232.00,7.03;3,314.00,685.70,204.49,7.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Pittsburgh Girls Studies: Overview and initial findings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Keenan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hipwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Chung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Stepp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Loeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Stouthamer-Loeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mctigue</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/15374416.2010.486320</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="506" to="521" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="3,306.00,695.70,240.01,7.03;3,314.00,705.70,232.00,7.03;3,314.00,715.70,183.09,7.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Validation of a self-administered instrument to assess stage of adolescent development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Morris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Udry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/BF02088471</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Youth and Adolescence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="280" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,48.00,77.20,171.00,7.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PASW Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Version 18.0.0) [Computer software</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,48.00,87.20,240.03,7.03;4,56.00,97.20,232.00,7.03;4,56.00,107.20,190.19,7.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Geographic disparity, area poverty, and human papillomavirus vaccination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pruitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Schootman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.amepre.2010.01.018</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Preventive Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="525" to="533" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,48.00,117.20,240.04,7.03;4,56.00,127.20,232.02,7.03;4,56.00,137.20,232.00,7.03;4,56.00,147.20,188.87,7.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attitudes and perceptions of the HPV vaccine in Caribbean and African American adolescent girls and their parents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Read</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Joseph</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Polishchuk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Suss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpag.2010.02.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Pediatric &amp; Adolescent Gynecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="242" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,48.00,157.20,240.01,7.03;4,56.00,167.20,232.02,7.03;4,56.00,177.20,231.96,7.03;4,56.00,187.20,81.78,7.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parents&apos; health beliefs and HPV vaccination of their adolescent daughters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Reiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Brewer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gottlieb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mcree</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016 /j.socscimed.2009.05.024</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science &amp; Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="475" to="480" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,48.00,197.20,240.04,7.03;4,314.00,77.20,232.03,7.03;4,314.00,87.20,232.02,7.03;4,314.00,97.20,130.29,7.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An examination of acceptability of HPV vaccination among African American women and Latina immigrants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Scarinci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Garcés-Palacio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Partridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1089/jwh.2006.0175</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Women&apos;s Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1224" to="1233" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,306.00,107.20,240.00,7.03;4,314.00,117.20,232.03,7.03;4,314.00,127.20,171.76,7.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Racial differences in the risk of invasive squamous-cell cervical cancer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Schairer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brinton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Devesa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Ziegler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Fraumeni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/BF00051667</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cancer Causes &amp; Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="283" to="290" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,306.00,137.20,240.01,7.03;4,314.00,147.20,231.99,7.03;4,314.00,157.20,232.01,7.03;4,314.00,167.20,117.55,7.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology and risk factors for human papillomavirus infection in a diverse sample of low-income young women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Shikary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Jin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Zimet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rosenthal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jcv.2009.07.006</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Clinical Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,306.00,177.20,240.02,7.03;4,314.00,187.20,232.01,7.03;4,314.00,197.20,144.22,7.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Appropriate use of cervical cancer vaccine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Zimet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Shew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.med.59.092806.131644</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="236" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
