<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Diversity, outside directors and firm valuation: Korean evidence ☆</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Haksoon</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Finance, E. J. Ourso College of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Louisiana State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>70803</postCode>
									<settlement>Baton Rouge</settlement>
									<region>LA</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chanwoo</forename><surname>Lim</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Business Administration</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">School of Business Administration</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The Catholic University of Korea</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Seoul</settlement>
									<country key="KR">Republic of Korea</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Diversity, outside directors and firm valuation: Korean evidence ☆</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jbusres.2009.01.013</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 19 May 2008 Accepted 25 January 2009 JEL classification: G3</note>
					<note>a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:05+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Corporate-governance reform in Korea Diversity Firm valuation Human capital Independent outside directors</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>This paper examines the relationship between the diversity of independent outside directors and the valuation of Korean firms after Korea's 1998 corporate-governance reforms. First, the study finds consistent positive relationships between firm valuation and the proportion of independent outside directors with government experience, but finds negative relationships between firm valuation and the proportion of independent outside directors who are accountants. Second, the study finds that the diversity of independent outside directors' academic majors or age has consistently positive effects on firm valuation. This result implies that not only the quantity but also the quality of independent outside directors affects the valuation of Korean companies.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>The monitoring role of the board of directors and its effect on firm valuation is prevalent in corporate finance literature <ref type="bibr" coords="1,244.23,448.54,40.59,7.54;1,33.73,459.02,49.13,7.54" target="#b5">(Berle and Means, 1933;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,86.51,459.02,102.87,7.54" target="#b20">Jensen and Meckling, 1976;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,193.03,459.02,87.93,7.54" target="#b16">Fama and Jensen, 1985)</ref>. However, the evidence of independent outside directors' monitoring role and their effect on firm value is still inconclusive both in U.S. and international studies <ref type="bibr" coords="1,116.56,490.37,124.27,7.54" target="#b19">(Hermalin and Weisbach, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,245.82,490.37,39.00,7.54;1,33.73,500.86,62.68,7.54" target="#b13">Denis and McConnell, 2003)</ref>.</p><p>Recently, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,80.73,511.29,64.82,7.54" target="#b10">Choi et al. (2007)</ref> find that in Korea, after the country's 1998 corporate-governance reforms, the effect of independent outside directors on firm valuation is strongly positive. However, they argue that the effects depend on board composition as well as the nature of the markets in which a firm operates. In addition, another study finds evidence that independent outside directors in Korea actually have a weak monitoring role <ref type="bibr" coords="1,115.08,574.05,64.95,7.54" target="#b3">(Baek et al., 2006)</ref>.</p><p>With a different perspective from previous literature, this paper provides evidence of the positive effect of independent outside directors on the valuation of Korean companies after the corporate-governance reforms of 1998. The objective is to extend the knowledge of the relationship between independent outside directors and firm valuation by studying all the manufacturing firms listed on the Korea Stock Exchange. Doing so also contributes to the related literature on the effect of boards of directors on firm valuation.</p><p>Previous literature focuses on the effects of the quantity of independent outside directors, such as the number and proportion of independent outside directors, but the literature neglects the quality of these directors. Thus, this paper focuses on the effects of the quality (age, education, or industry experience) and diversity of independent outside directors on Korean companies. The Outside Director's Human Capital Database shows that many Korean companies have appointed independent outside directors with different age, education levels, and experience since the corporate-governance reforms of 1998.</p><p>The study uses Korean data because the independent outside directors of Korean firms have become a more diverse group since the corporate-governance reforms of 1998. The role of independent outside directors as monitors and their effects on firm valuation are weak in Korea <ref type="bibr" coords="1,353.48,617.87,64.49,7.54" target="#b3">(Baek et al., 2006)</ref> but strengthened after the corporategovernance reforms <ref type="bibr" coords="1,378.42,628.36,66.67,7.54" target="#b10">(Choi et al., 2007)</ref>. This change is incentive to investigate the effects of other characteristics of independent outside directors on firm valuation. Finally, a significant difference exists in many Korean firms between shareholders with cash flow rights and shareholders with control rights, which leads to agency problems. Thus, the monitoring role of independent outside directors is very important, particularly when gray (or affiliated) independent outside directors have an incentive to maintain their affiliations at the potential expense of shareholder wealth <ref type="bibr" coords="1,449.79,712.04,93.27,7.54" target="#b7">(Byrd and Hickman, 1992)</ref>.</p><p>The study's main empirical results are as follows. First, consistent positive relationships exist between firm valuation and the education levels of independent outside directors after controlling for financial ratios, board size, and industry. Second, independent outside directors with government experience consistently have positive effects on firm valuation, but those who are accountants have consistently negative effects on firm valuation. Finally, the diversity of independent outside directors' academic majors has consistently positive effects on firm valuation.</p><p>The nature of corporate-governance reform in 1998 comes from the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis. Korean government, through the Securities Listing Regulations in February 1998, required all Korea Stock Exchange listed companies to have at least 25% of the board composed of outside directors. The reform expects outside directors to be independent. So, people expect the improved transparency and monitoring role of the board of directors from this reform. As we can see from Appendix A, a great deal of diversity is found in Korea Stock Exchange firms since this reform is made public. As the reform focuses on independent outside directors, we also focus this study on independent outside directors. Also, we focus on Korea Stock Exchange listed companies because the reform required all Korea Stock Exchange listed companies to have certain proportion of outside directors within their board. Based on the related literature, and by using several different variables to categorize independent outside directors, two hypotheses follow. Hypothesis 1. The education level, age or professional experience of independent outside directors on firm valuation is an empirical issue.</p><p>According to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.17,361.17,52.11,7.54" target="#b4">Becker (1993)</ref>, human capital encompasses the knowledge, information, ideas, skills, and health of individuals; age and education reflect those characteristics. Although companies' increased emphasis on education explains the enormous rise in the market-price-to-book-value-of-assets ratio for publicly traded companies, the productivity of independent outside directors decreases after a certain age <ref type="bibr" coords="2,109.47,423.93,63.24,7.54" target="#b26">(Leibenstein, 1957</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,178.01,423.93,15.33,7.54" target="#b27">(Leibenstein, , 1958</ref>. Also <ref type="bibr" coords="2,220.76,423.93,46.76,7.54" target="#b11">Chun (2006)</ref> argues that the education level of independent outside directors does not have any effect on IPO firm valuation in Korea.</p><p>Experience in a specific industry enables independent outside directors to access tacit knowledge of the opportunities, threats, competitive conditions, technology, and regulations. Experience can also help independent outside directors evaluate and guide management proposals for growth wisely <ref type="bibr" coords="2,142.98,497.17,136.75,7.54">(Kor and Sundaramurthy, forthcoming)</ref>.</p><p>Independent outside directors with certain types of experience tend to take on certain roles. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,190.60,518.09,103.00,7.54" target="#b1">Agrawal and Knoeber (2001)</ref> show that independent outside directors with backgrounds in politics, government, or law tend to play political roles in regulated firms. In addition, in countries with weak as well as strong legal systems, a positive correlation between the political connections of firm's board and the firm's valuation exists <ref type="bibr" coords="2,171.30,570.36,55.34,7.54" target="#b15">(Faccio, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,231.73,570.36,61.81,7.54;2,42.52,580.85,46.29,7.54">Goldman et al., forthcoming)</ref>. However, in Korea, independent outside directors with government experience who manage affiliated firms that may have government-related projects tend to become very entrenched directors. Also, according to the 'Economic Reform Report' from Solidarity for Economic Reform in Korea, independent outside directors who have indirect relationships with its management is 37. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,244.46,633.13,49.10,7.54;2,42.52,643.62,164.65,7.54">5%, 35.44% or 32.09% in 2006, 2007 or 2008, respectively</ref>. The examples of the indirect relationship are high school alumni, former government officials related to firm's projects, former employees of subsidiary, former clients if independent outside directors are accountants or lawyers, and former executive students if they are professors.</p><p>Expertise in business or law enhances the efficiency of the advising role of independent outside directors for each firm. Similar empirical evidence exists regarding the management of firms conducting seasoned equity offerings <ref type="bibr" coords="2,139.40,727.29,120.91,7.54">(Chemmanur et al., forthcoming)</ref>. Clearly, expertise in business, economics, or law can be a useful asset to the firm. Thus, the education level, age or professional experience of independent outside directors on firm valuation is an empirical issue.</p><p>Hypothesis 2. The diversity of age, academic majors or professional experience among independent outside directors is positively correlated with firm valuation.</p><p>Diversity in the board structure embeds itself in the American enterprise system. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,434.15,141.48,50.36,7.54" target="#b38">Vance (1978)</ref> argues that no two companies in his study had identical board structures and no single board follows the same boardroom blueprint today as it did a generation ago. In the field of economics, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,465.67,172.89,51.80,7.54" target="#b4">Becker (1993)</ref> argues that an individual's skill set and knowledge embed themselves in his or her age, education and experience. From the discussion in Hypothesis 1, the relationship between age and firm valuation is an empirical issue because age has two different perspectives: productivity and experience. Young independent outside directors are productive, while old ones have experiences. If independent outside directors are diverse in terms of age within a board, productivity and experience can create a synergy. A more diverse board does help in a board's decision-making process through different perspectives and cognitive conflict, and in asserting board influence on management <ref type="bibr" coords="2,470.88,277.49,53.04,7.54" target="#b24">(Kosnik, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,527.18,277.49,34.39,7.54;2,310.50,287.92,64.29,7.54" target="#b40">Westphal and Milton, 2000)</ref>. It also helps acquiring of critical resources for the organization <ref type="bibr" coords="2,360.62,298.41,52.71,7.54" target="#b33">(Pfeffer, 1972;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,417.88,298.41,100.89,7.54" target="#b34">Pfeffer and Salancik, 1978)</ref>. Empirical evidence shows a positive relationship between board diversity and firm's activities or expected future cash flows <ref type="bibr" coords="2,488.74,319.33,68.87,7.54" target="#b21">(Keys et al., 2003)</ref>. Further, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,341.68,329.76,143.28,7.54">Kor and Sundaramurthy (forthcoming)</ref> argue that independent outside directors' collective knowledge or experience positively affects the sales growth of the firm. In short, the more diverse the outside director's knowledge or experience is, the more the firm grows.</p><p>Some studies argue that board diversity may constrain prompt initiative to implement strategic changes in times of environmental turbulence <ref type="bibr" coords="2,351.26,392.52,46.51,7.54" target="#b12">(Clegg, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,399.28,392.52,47.26,7.54" target="#b35">Powell, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,448.09,392.52,76.93,7.54" target="#b18">Goodstein et al., 1994)</ref>, facilitate inefficiencies and complexities in board work <ref type="bibr" coords="2,480.24,403.00,81.33,7.54;2,310.50,413.44,19.94,7.54" target="#b20">(Jensen and Meckling, 1976;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,331.87,413.44,92.17,7.54" target="#b0">Adams and Ferreira, 2002)</ref>. Their argument stands on the basis of the fact that a conflict of interest arises from the trade-off between firm performance or valuation and board goals. Diverse group of people in the board hamper board goals even though that diversity can lead to an increased, or no effect on, firm performance or valuation. However, no empirical evidence, documenting the negative relationship between board diversity and firm performance or valuation, exists while evidences of positive relationship exist in the literature <ref type="bibr" coords="2,514.03,486.69,47.51,7.54;2,310.51,497.18,21.21,7.54" target="#b8">(Carter et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,334.09,497.18,105.73,7.54" target="#b25">Krishnan and Daewoo, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,442.20,497.18,86.09,7.54" target="#b2">Auh and Menguc, 2006)</ref>. Related literature finds insignificant relationship between diversity within the boardroom <ref type="bibr" coords="2,353.48,518.10,45.95,7.54" target="#b30">(Molz, 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,402.01,518.10,72.83,7.54" target="#b36">Shrader et al., 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,477.46,518.10,73.73,7.54" target="#b22">Kochan et al., 2003)</ref> or outside the boardroom <ref type="bibr" coords="2,395.83,528.53,81.89,7.54" target="#b31">(Moncrief et al., 2000)</ref> and firm performance.</p><p>Thus, this study hypothesizes that the diversity of independent outside directors' academic majors, job experiences or age has relationships with firm valuation.</p><p>The rest of the paper proceeds as follows. Section 2 describes the data and variable construction. Section 3 discusses the empirical results. Finally, section 4 concludes the paper by discussing the main findings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Data and variable construction</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Data</head><p>The data source for the characteristics of independent outside directors is from the Korea Companies Information TS2000 database in the Korea Listed Companies Association, or from the Repository of Korea's Corporate Filings on the Financial Supervisory Service website. When no relevant data from those two sources exists, the study refers to the KISline database of the Korea Information Service. The database provides the names, ages, education levels, and current or previous positions for independent outside directors of companies listed on the Korea Stock Exchange. Financial information comes from the TS2000 database, which provides all the financial information of firms listed on the Korea Stock Exchange or KOSDAQ (Korean Securities Dealers Automated Quotations).</p><p>Board size is from the KISline database, which provides ownership and board membership information. As mentioned in Section 1, the study only considers firms with independent outside directors. The term outside directors replaces independent outside directors for the rest of the paper because all outside directors in the sample are independent. The paper excludes financial firms from the sample, leaving a total of 593 firms and information spanning from 1999 to 2006. Remaining are 3039 firm-year observations. So, the study uses three data sources (TS2000 database, Repository of Korea's Corporate Filings and KISline database) to construct the sample and variables.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Variable construction</head><p>First, the study uses Tobin's q (Q i,t ) as the dependent variable. The definition of Q i,t in this paper is as follows.</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="3,33.73,259.97,251.04,21.33">Q i;t = MV Equity ð Þ i;t + BV Assets ð Þ i;t − BV Equity ð Þ i;t BV Assets ð Þ i;t N<label>ð1Þ</label></formula><p>where Q i,t , MV(Equity) i,t , BV(Assets) i,t , and BV(Equity) i,t represent Tobin's q, the market value of equity, the book value of assets, and the book value of equity for each firm i at year t, respectively. The paper calculates the market value of equity by multiplying the total number of common shares outstanding in fiscal year t by the stock price at the end of fiscal year t for each firm i. Second, the study incorporates age and education measures of outside directors. Age i,t is the average age of the outside directors for firm i at year t. The study calculates the average education level of the outside directors for firm i at year t (edu i,t ). Then, the paper calculates edu i,t by averaging the education levels of outside directors (edu1 i,t , edu2 i,t , edu3 i,t and edu4 i,t ) for firm i at year t. edu1 i,t , edu2 i,t , edu3 i,t or edu4 i,t represents the percentage of outside directors with an associate's degree or less, bachelor's degree, a master's degree or a doctorate degree, respectively. Outside i,t is the ratio of total outside directors to the all directors. Manufacturing i,t is that of total outside directors with manufacturing industry experience to all outside directors. Government i,t is that of total outside directors with government experience to all outside directors. Financial i,t is that of total outside directors with financial industry experience to all outside directors. Accountant i,t is that of total outside directors who are accountants to all outside directors. Professor i,t is that of outside directors who are professors to all outside directors. Lawyer i,t is that of outside directors who are lawyers to all outside directors.</p><p>Based on the hypotheses, three diversity variables are as follows. First, the paper separates the outside directors into seven different categories according to their academic majors: business and economics, law, liberal arts and social sciences, basic science and engineering, medical and pharmacy, military, and arts and physical education, respectively. Then, the paper divides the number of outside directors in each category by the total number of outside directors for each firm and for each year. Finally, the study squares and adds the results up, and subtracts this sum from one.</p><p>Second, the outside directors divide themselves into eight categories according to their job experience: domestic and foreign manufacturing, government, domestic and foreign financial, accountant, professor, organization member, attorney (including patent attorney), and media and research institute. Then, the study divides the number of outside directors in each category by the total number of outside directors for each firm and for each year. Finally, the study squares and adds the results up, and subtracts this sum from one. If the firm has no outside directors or the outside directors don't fall into any of these categories, then the value equals zero. The formula below reflects the process.</p><p>Finally, the outside directors divide themselves into seven categories according to their age: <ref type="bibr" coords="3,428.54,68.23,124.24,7.54;3,301.72,78.72,35.99,7.54">20-30, 30-40, 40-50, 50-60, 60-70, 70-80</ref> and greater than 80 years old. Then, the paper divides the number of outside directors in each category by the total number of outside directors for each firm and for each year. Finally, the study squares and adds the results up, and subtracts this sum from one. If the firm has no outside directors or the outside directors don't fall into any of these categories, then the value equals zero.</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="3,302.74,146.67,250.02,76.42">summajor i;t = 1 − X n j = 1 outmajor j outtotal 2 2 4 3 5 i;t sumjob i;t = 1 − X n j = 1 outjob j outtotal 2 2 4 3 5 i;t sumage i;t = 1 − X n j = 1 outage j outtotal 2 2 4 3 5 i;t N<label>ð2Þ</label></formula><p>where</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="3,325.64,233.38,200.96,30.91">P n j = 1 outmajor j outtotal 2 " # i;t , P n j = 1 outjob j outtotal 2 " # i;t or P n j = 1 outage j outtotal 2 " # i;t</formula><p>are the sum of the squared proportions of outside directors with major j to total outside directors, the sum of the squared proportions of outside directors with job experience j or the sum of the squared proportions of outside directors with age range j for firm i at year t, respectively. This measure is a modification of the widely used Hirschmann-Herfindahl Index (HHI) used to measure market concentration. Because the HHI is a concentration measure, higher summajor, sumjob or sumage indicates more diversity in outside directors' majors, job experience or age. Finally, control variables include firm-specific variables measuring profitability, operational or financial profiles, and board characteristics. Finance literature uses return on assets as a profitability measure because empirical evidence shows a positive relationship between return on assets and firm valuation. However, it does not have significant relationship with firm valuation in Korea based on <ref type="bibr" coords="3,446.63,412.99,56.80,7.54" target="#b10">Choi et al. (2007)</ref>. So, the paper expects an insignificant relationship between return on assets and firm valuation. The research-and-development-to-total assets ratio and the advertising-expense-to-total-assets ratio are proxies for intangible assets as in <ref type="bibr" coords="3,320.71,454.83,54.70,7.54" target="#b14">Dunning (1980)</ref>. Empirical evidence shows a positive relationship with firm valuation. The capital-expenditures-to-total-assets ratio is a proxy for a firm's investment intensity and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,458.65,475.75,94.10,7.54;3,301.72,486.23,23.95,7.54" target="#b28">McConnell and Muscarella (1985)</ref> show a positive relationship with firm valuation. The long-termdebt-to-total-assets ratio measures a firm's financial risk. The expected relationship between the long-term-debt-to-total-assets ratio and firm valuation is negative as in <ref type="bibr" coords="3,393.62,517.58,64.95,7.54">Morck et al. (1998)</ref>. The log of total assets is a proxy for firm size, which <ref type="bibr" coords="3,390.50,528.07,59.20,7.54" target="#b10">Choi et al. (2007)</ref> shows a negative relationship with firm valuation. However, the negative relationship is insignificant in <ref type="bibr" coords="3,301.72,549.00,63.59,7.54" target="#b32">Morck et al. (1988)</ref>. Previous literatures frequently use these profitability, operational, or financial variables <ref type="bibr" coords="3,424.46,559.43,71.20,7.54" target="#b32">(Morck et al., 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,498.88,559.43,53.89,7.54;3,301.72,569.92,48.75,7.54" target="#b29">McConnell and Servaes, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,351.94,569.92,55.87,7.54" target="#b10">Choi et al., 2007)</ref>. The effect of board size on firm valuation is different among the countries in the literature, so the study includes board size as a control variable. The effect is negative in the United States <ref type="bibr" coords="3,301.72,601.27,66.74,7.54" target="#b32">(Morck et al., 1988)</ref>, while it is positive in Korea <ref type="bibr" coords="3,472.41,601.27,61.35,7.54" target="#b10">(Choi et al., 2007)</ref>. The detailed description of control variables is in Appendix B. <ref type="table" coords="3,313.68,674.51,25.65,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> shows the summary statistics for 593 firms with data from 1999 to 2006. The average Q is 0.89 (median, 0.79). The average age is 56.44 (median, 56.96). The average edu is 0.76 (median, 1). As we can see from the number of outside directors with bachelor's degree (edu2), roughly half of outside directors receive bachelor's degree. The average manufacturing and financial is 0.28 (median, 0) and 0.13 (median, 0), respectively, suggesting that Korean firms tend to have The dependent variable is Tobin's q (Q). Explanatory variables are the average age of outside directors (age), the average percentage education level of outside directors (edu) (Edu is divided into four categories: the percentage of outside directors with associate degree or less (edu1), that of outside directors with undergraduate degree (edu2), that of outside directors with master's degree (edu3) and that of outside directors with doctoral degree (edu4), the ratio of outside directors to total directors (outside), the ratio of outside directors who have experience in the manufacturing industry to total outside directors (manufacturing), the ratio of outside directors who have government experience to total outside directors (government), the ratio of outside directors who have experience in the financial industry to total outside directors (financial), the ratio of outside directors who are accountants to total outside directors (accountant), the ratio of outside directors who are professors to total outside directors (professor), the ratio of outside directors who are lawyers to total outside directors (lawyer), the diversity of outside directors' academic majors (summajor), the diversity of outside directors' job experiences (sumjob) and the diversity of outside directors' age (sumage) from the modification of Hirschmann-Herfindahl Index. Control variables are as follows. roa, bsize, rdta, advertisingta, capex, dta, and lta represent return on assets, board size, research-and-development-to-total-assets ratio, advertising-expense-to-total-assets ratio, capital-expenditures-to-total-assets ratio, longterm-debt-to-total-assets ratio, and the log of total assets, respectively. N represents the total number of firm-year observations for each variable <ref type="bibr" coords="4,469.08,422.34,67.44,6.38">(593 firms, 1999-2006)</ref>. more outside directors with manufacturing experience than with financial-industry experience. The data also suggest that Korean firms prefer outside directors with government experience to those with experience in the financial industry (the average government is 0.16 (median, 0)). The average accountant is 0.08 (median, 0), but the average professor is 0.19 (median, 0), suggesting that outside directors who are accountants are less common than those who are professors. The average lawyer is 0.07 (median, 0), which indicates that outside directors with legal backgrounds are the least common within the sample. The average summajor is 0.28 (median, 0.32), and the average sumjob is 0.28 (median, 0.38), which suggests that the outside directors' academic majors are as diverse as their job experience. The median is higher for the job experience variable, but in general, the difference in the diversity of academic majors and job experience is small within the sample. The average sumage is 0.24 (median, 0). The diversity of age among outside directors is lower than that of summajor or sumjob. Also, as we can see from the median value, no age diversity of outside directors is found for many firms within the sample. The average bsize is 7.44 (median, 7), which is lower than that of U.S. firms documented in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,198.14,256.57,57.08,7.54" target="#b41">Yermack (1996)</ref>, where the mean was 12.25 <ref type="table" coords="5,109.42,267.00,31.98,7.54" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Empirical results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Summary statistics</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Random-effects estimation with robust standard error: age, education level, job experience, and board experience of outside directors</head><p>The correlation between summajor and sumjob is 60%. Thus, the study runs separate regressions for these variables. The paper performs the random-effects estimation of panel data with robust standard errors as in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,324.97,68.24,69.14,7.54" target="#b39">Wooldridge (2002)</ref>, which shows statistical evidence of the presence of random effects via the Lagrangian Multiplier test as in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,301.72,89.15,90.17,7.54" target="#b6">Breusch and Pagan (1980)</ref>. The Chi-squared test statistic rejects the null hypothesis of no unit-specific unobserved effect suggesting that a unitspecific error component for each regression equation exists. The baseline random-effects model is as follows. Q i;t = α i;t + β 1 ⁎outside i;t + β 2 ⁎roa i;t + β 3 ⁎lta i;t + β 4 ⁎dta i;t + β 5 ⁎rdta i;t + β 6 ⁎adverti sin gta i;t + β 7 ⁎capex i;t + β 8 ⁎lbsize i;t</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="5,324.68,138.59,228.08,33.06">+ γ⁎inddummy i;t + c i + u i;t N<label>ð3Þ</label></formula><p>where lbsize i,t equals the natural log of board size. inddummy i,t is the industry dummy variable. α i,t is a constant. c i is a unit-specific error component. u i,t is the remaining error component. Subscript i and t refer to each firm i in year t. From the baseline random-effects model, the study adds the natural logarithms of age and educ. We also include the squared term of age (age 2 ) to control for the nonlinear feature of age. The study also adds manufacturing, government, financial, accountant, professor, and lawyer to see the separate effects of outside directors with different job experiences. Finally, the study adds summajor, sumjob or sumage. The study winsorizes the financial variables at the upper and lower 0.5% level before performing the regression analyses.</p><p>The main results of the random-effects estimation of the panel data with robust standard errors and without summajor, sumjob or sumage are as follows. In regression (1), the study evaluates whether the presence of outside directors has a positive effect on firm valuation. <ref type="table" coords="5,33.73,357.47,21.56,6.28">Table 3</ref> Random-effects estimation with robust standard error: the age, education level, job experience, and board experience of outside directors.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent variable: Q</head><p>Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,147.06,380.71,9.28,6.03">(1)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,203.70,380.71,9.28,6.03">(2)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,260.34,380.71,9.28,6.03">(3)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,316.98,380.71,9.28,6.03">(4)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,373.61,380.71,9.28,6.03">(5)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,430.25,380.71,9.28,6.03">(6)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,486.83,380.71,9.28,6.03">(7)</ref> Regression <ref type="formula" coords="5,543.47,380.71,9.28,6.03">(8)</ref> log <ref type="formula" coords="5,42.83,391.77,3.03,6.03">(</ref>  The results of random-effects estimation of panel data with robust standard errors are provided. A total of 3033 firm-year observations, including 593 firms from 1999 to 2006, are used in the regression analysis. The definitions of variables are the same as in <ref type="table" coords="5,253.87,721.83,18.84,6.03" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>. The regression coefficients of industry group dummies are not reported in the regression. LM test statistic (X 2 ) represents Lagrangian Multiplier test statistic of random effects as in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,286.64,730.39,78.07,6.03" target="#b6">Breusch and Pagan (1980)</ref>. The chi-squared test statistic is presented. Z-statistics are in parentheses. ⁎, ⁎⁎, and ⁎⁎⁎ represent 1, 5, and 10% significance level, respectively.</p><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="5,33.73,562.99,501.11,40.68">roa − 0.07 − 0.07 − 0.07 − 0.08 − 0.07 − 0.07 − 0.07 − 0.08 (− 0.49) (− 0.49) (− 0.50) (− 0.52) (− 0.48) (− 0.51) (−0.49) (− 0.52) lta − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 − 0.01 (− 0.67) (− 0.69) (− 0.77) (− 0.68) (− 0.65) (− 0.78) (− 0.71) (− 0.87) dta − 0.20 − 0.20 − 0.20 − 0.19 − 0.20 − 0.20 − 0.19 − 0.</formula><p>Consistent with the related literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,192.53,57.81,57.20,7.54" target="#b10">Choi et al., 2007)</ref>, outside has a positive relationship with Q within the 1% significance level after controlling for financial or operating ratios, board size, and industry group dummies. One standard deviation increase in outside increases Q by 4%. This result is not consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="6,184.93,99.65,55.03,7.54" target="#b41">Yermack (1996)</ref>, which argues that no statistical relationship between the percentage of outside directors and firm valuation exists. The edu variable does not have any correlation with Q in all the regressions. The result is consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="6,191.79,141.49,44.42,7.54" target="#b11">Chun (2006)</ref>. The education level of independent outside directors does not affect firm valuation in Korea. Also, age has an insignificant relationship with Q, though age may act as proxy for the activity level of outside directors. Because activity level decreases with age, age can thus have a negative effect on firm valuation. On the other hand, age is also a proxy for experience. Because experience increases with age, age can also have a positive effect on firm valuation. Thus, the insignificance of age on firm valuation may actually be the effect of the two factors canceling each other out.</p><p>Government has a positive relationship with Q, but financial and accountant have negative relationships with Q. Outside directors with government experience appear to have positive effects on firm valuation, but those with financial industry experience or those who are accountants have negative effects on firm valuation. The results are consistent with Hypothesis 1. However, when including manu-facturing, government, financial, accountant, professor, and lawyer, the effect of financial on Q disappears. One standard deviation increase in government increases Q by 2.4% in regression (3) and increases Q by 1.9% in regression (8). One standard deviation increase in financial decreases Q by 2.1% in regression (4). Finally, one standard deviation increase in accountant decreases Q by 2.9% in regression (5) and decreases Q by 1.8% in regression (8). The negative relationship between financial or accountant and Q is interesting. According to 'Economic Reform Report', outside directors who are accountants or ones with financial industry experience have an indirect relationship with the management of affiliated firms. For example, outside directors worked at a bank which has a primary lending relationship to the affiliated firms. Also, outside directors are partners at accounting firms whose previous or potential customers are the affiliated firms. So, the possibility of outside directors being entrenched with affiliated firms is high. The result of control variables is consistent with the predictions.</p><p>3.3. Random-effects estimation with robust standard error: the diversity of academic major and job experience of outside directors <ref type="table" coords="6,322.47,277.49,25.82,7.54" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> provides the results of random-effects estimation of panel data with robust standard errors including diversity measures. Generally, the regression results for age, edu, manufacturing, government, financial, accountant, professor, and lawyer are consistent with those in <ref type="table" coords="7,65.20,78.73,24.67,7.54">Table 3</ref>. For control variables, the results are consistent with those in <ref type="table" coords="7,68.60,89.16,26.37,7.54">Table 3</ref>, except for lbsize. The study also runs the same regressions without lbsize (not reported) with similar results. Summajor or sumage has consistent positive effects on Q, which is consistent with Hypothesis 2; Sumjob has an insignificant effect on Q. One standard deviation increase in summajor increases Q by 2.6% in regression (1) and increases Q by 2.5% in regression (3). One standard deviation increase in sumage increases Q by 1.8%, 2.1%, 1.9% or 2.2% in each regression. These results imply that the diversity of outside directors' academic majors and age add value to Korean firms <ref type="table" coords="7,33.73,183.33,31.49,7.54" target="#tab_4">(Table 4)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Conclusion</head><p>The major contribution of this paper is to investigate the quality (age, education or industry experience) and diversity (academic majors and job experience) of independent outside directors and its effect on firm valuation in Korea. This study is the first one to look at the relationship between them for Korean firms.</p><p>Consistent with previous literature, the study finds that the proportion of outside directors on a board has a positive effect on firm valuation. Also, outside directors with government experience have positive effects on firm valuation, but accountants and those with financial experience have negative effects on firm valuation. The result is consistent with Hypothesis 1. The diversity of the outside directors' academic majors or age has a consistent positive effect on firm valuation. The result is consistent with Hypothesis 2.</p><p>Also, this study provides several implications for US firms. For example, the role of outside directors in US firms has changed since post-Enron period. However, no study investigates the relationship between the diversity of outside directors and firm valuation in terms of academic majors, professional experience or age. The ratio of independent outside directors, those who do not have current or potential business ties to the firms, to total directors for each firm and year. manufacturing The ratio of outside directors who have experiences in manufacturing industry to total outside directors for each firm and year. government</p><p>The ratio of outside directors who have government experiences to total outside directors for each firm and year. financial</p><p>The ratio of outside directors who have experiences in financial industry to total outside directors for each firm and year. accountant</p><p>The ratio of outside directors who are accountants to total outside directors for each firm and year. professor</p><p>The ratio of outside directors who are professors to total outside directors for each firm and year. lawyer</p><p>The ratio of outside directors who are attorneys to total outside directors for each firm and year. summajor</p><p>The diversity of outside directors' majors from the modification of Hirschman-Herfindahl Index for each firm and year. sumjob</p><p>The diversity of outside directors' job experiences from the modification of Hirschman-Herfindahl Index for each firm and year. sumage</p><p>The diversity of outside directors' age from the modification of Hirschman-Herfindahl Index for each firm and year.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Panel C: control variables roa</head><p>The ratio of earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) to total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. lta</p><p>The natural log of the total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. dta</p><p>The ratio of long-term debts to total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. rdta</p><p>The ratio of research and development expenses to total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. advertisingta</p><p>The ratio of advertising expenses to total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. capex</p><p>The ratio of capital expenditure to total assets in Korean won for each firm and year. bsize</p><p>The number of directors within the board.</p><p>The sample consists of 593 firms spanning from 1999 to 2006, measured at the end of each year. Sources: The Korea Stock Exchange, the Financial Supervisory Service, the Korea Listed Companies Association and the Korea Information Service.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,42.52,58.07,519.04,280.19"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Summary statistics: overall sample.</figDesc><table coords="4,42.52,81.32,519.04,256.95">N 
Mean 
Median 
Standard deviation 
Minimum 
Maximum 

Panel A: dependent variable 
Q 
3039 
0.89 
0.79 
0.44 
0.25 
5.60 

Panel B: explanatory variables 
age 
3037 
56.44 
56.96 
7.99 
29 
86.58 
edu 
3035 
0.76 
1 
0.27 
0.11 
1 
edu1 
87 
0.59 
0.5 
0.25 
0.25 
1 
edu2 
1670 
0.79 
1 
0.26 
0.11 
1 
edu3 
672 
0.67 
0.5 
0.28 
0.14 
1 
edu4 
625 
0.77 
1 
0.28 
0.13 
1 
outside 
3039 
0.27 
0.25 
0.12 
0.07 
0.77 
manufacturing 
3039 
0.28 
0 
0.39 
0 
1 
government 
3039 
0.16 
0 
0.29 
0 
1 
financial 
3039 
0.13 
0 
0.27 
0 
1 
accountant 
3039 
0.08 
0 
0.22 
0 
1 
professor 
3039 
0.19 
0 
0.32 
0 
1 
lawyer 
3039 
0.07 
0 
0.20 
0 
1 
summajor 
3039 
0.28 
0.32 
0.29 
0 
0.97 
sumjob 
3039 
0.28 
0.38 
0.29 
0 
0.89 
sumage 
3039 
0.24 
0 
0.25 
0 
0.75 

Panel C: control variables 
roa 
3039 
0.07 
0.07 
0.09 
− 0.66 
0.39 
lta 
3039 
19.30 
19.06 
1.45 
16.15 
24.05 
dta 
3039 
0.20 
0.19 
0.14 
0 
0.64 
rdta 
3039 
0.0007 
0 
0.003 
0 
0.03 
advertisingta 
3039 
0.008 
0.001 
0.02 
0 
0.12 
capex 
3039 
0.04 
0.02 
0.05 
0 
0.31 
bsize 
3039 
7.44 
7 
2.47 
3 
21 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="4,42.52,449.65,519.03,290.09"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Correlation table.</figDesc><table coords="4,42.52,472.74,519.03,266.99">log(age) 
log(1 + edu) 
outside 
manufacturing 
government 
financial 
accountant 
professor 
lawyer 
summajor 
sumjob 
sumage 

Panel A: explanatory variables 
log(age) 
1.00 
log(1 + edu) 
− 0.04 
1.00 
outside 
− 0.02 
− 0.45 
1.00 
manufacturing 
0.03 
0.13 
− 0.12 
1.00 
government 
0.17 
− 0.09 
0.08 
− 0.29 
1.00 
financial 
0.09 
0.05 
0.02 
− 0.23 
− 0.14 
1.00 
accountant 
− 0.12 
0.06 
− 0.06 
− 0.19 
− 0.14 
− 0.12 
1.00 
professor 
− 0.14 
− 0.16 
0.12 
− 0.32 
− 0.16 
− 0.20 
− 0.15 
1.00 
lawyer 
− 0.18 
0.00 
0.01 
− 0.20 
− 0.12 
− 0.11 
− 0.06 
− 0.07 
1.00 
summajor 
0.02 
− 0.46 
0.48 
− 0.03 
0.07 
− 0.04 
− 0.08 
0.02 
0.08 
1.00 
sumjob 
0.06 
− 0.57 
0.54 
− 0.22 
0.04 
0.02 
− 0.02 
0.05 
0.09 
0.60 
1.00 
sumage 
− 0.04 
− 0.47 
0.38 
− 0.04 
− 0.01 
− 0.03 
− 0.03 
0.08 
0.03 
0.46 
0.50 
1.00 
roa 
0.11 
− 0.10 
0.01 
− 0.03 
0.06 
− 0.06 
0.01 
0.03 
0.01 
0.06 
0.07 
0.07 
lta 
0.18 
− 0.43 
0.53 
− 0.18 
0.14 
0.03 
− 0.09 
0.14 
− 0.03 
0.31 
0.39 
0.35 
dta 
0.00 
0.01 
0.06 
0.02 
0.03 
0.11 
− 0.04 
0.00 
− 0.11 
− 0.03 
− 0.04 
− 0.01 
rdta 
− 0.04 
− 0.03 
0.06 
− 0.01 
− 0.01 
0.00 
− 0.03 
0.07 
− 0.04 
0.02 
0.02 
− 0.02 
advertisingta 
− 0.03 
− 0.02 
− 0.02 
− 0.02 
0.00 
− 0.07 
0.00 
0.05 
0.03 
0.00 
0.02 
0.08 
capex 
0.00 
− 0.02 
0.05 
− 0.02 
− 0.05 
0.02 
0.00 
0.04 
0.00 
− 0.03 
0.02 
− 0.01 
lbsize 
0.07 
− 0.52 
0.14 
− 0.03 
0.04 
0.00 
− 0.09 
0.06 
0.02 
0.53 
0.52 
0.52 

roa 
lta 
dta 
rdta 
advertisingta 
capex 
lbsize 

Panel B: control variables 
roa 
1.00 
lta 
0.21 
1.00 
dta 
− 0.25 
0.04 
1.00 
rdta 
− 0.04 
0.01 
− 0.03 
1.00 
advertisingta 
0.19 
0.03 
− 0.12 
− 0.01 
1.00 
capex 
0.10 
0.00 
0.02 
0.00 
0.01 
1.00 
lbsize 
0.13 
0.44 
− 0.06 
− 0.06 
0.09 
− 0.01 
1.00 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="6,42.52,323.23,519.12,422.01"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Random-effects estimation with robust standard errors: diversity of major and job experience of outside directors.The results of random-effects estimation of panel data with robust standard errors including diversity measures (summajor, sumjob and sumage) are presented. A total of 3033 firmyear observations including 593 firms from 1999 to 2006, are used in the regression analysis. The definitions of variables are the same as inTable 1. The regression coefficients of industry group dummies are not reported in the regression. The LM test statistic (X 2 ) represents the Lagrangian Multiplier test statistic of random effects as in<ref type="bibr" coords="6,506.61,730.39,55.03,6.03;6,42.52,738.96,18.26,6.03" target="#b6">Breusch and Pagan (1980)</ref>. The chi-squared test statistic is presented. Z-statistics are in parentheses. The ⁎, ⁎⁎, and ⁎⁎⁎ represent the 1, 5, and 10% significance level, respectively.</figDesc><table coords="6,42.52,346.41,519.02,359.80">Dependent variable: Q 
Regression (1) 
Regression (2) 
Regression (3) 
Regression (4) 

log(age) 
− 0.66 
− 0.55 
− 0.70 
− 0.61 
(− 1.70)⁎ 
(− 1.41) 
(− 1.70)⁎ 
(− 1.48) 
age 2 
0.0001 
0.0001 
0.0001 
0.0001 
(1.61) 
(1.31) 
(1.66)⁎ 
(1.41) 
log(1 + edu) 
− 0.001 
− 0.03 
0.01 
− 0.01 
(− 0.02) 
(− 0.39) 
(0.21) 
(− 0.07) 
manufacturing 
0.03 
0.03 
(0.77) 
(0.75) 
government 
0.10 
0.10 
(2.57)⁎⁎⁎ 
(2.64)⁎⁎⁎ 
financial 
− 0.01 
− 0.01 
(− 0.33) 
(− 0.41) 
accountant 
− 0.10 
− 0.11 
(− 2.17)⁎⁎ 
(− 2.30)⁎⁎ 
professor 
0.05 
0.05 
(1.35) 
(1.19) 
lawyer 
0.10 
0.11 
(1.07) 
(1.15) 
summajor 
0.12 
0.12 
(3.27)⁎⁎⁎ 
(3.17)⁎⁎⁎ 
sumjob 
0.02 
0.03 
(0.60) 
(0.97) 
sumage 
0.08 
0.10 
0.09 
0.11 
(2.22)⁎⁎ 
(2.64)⁎⁎⁎ 
(2.39)⁎⁎ 
(2.73)⁎⁎⁎ 
roa 
− 0.09 
− 0.09 
− 0.10 
− 0.09 
(− 0.62) 
(− 0.63) 
(− 0.65) 
(− 0.64) 
lta 
0.01 
0.01 
0.003 
0.003 
(0.41) 
(0.38) 
(0.22) 
(0.19) 
dta 
− 0.22 
− 0.21 
− 0.21 
− 0.20 
(− 2.67)⁎⁎⁎ 
(− 2.57)⁎⁎⁎ 
(− 2.57)⁎⁎⁎ 
(− 2.46)⁎⁎ 
rdta 
15.10 
15.42 
14.81 
15.14 
(5.34)⁎⁎⁎ 
(5.47)⁎⁎⁎ 
(5.35)⁎⁎⁎ 
(5.48)⁎⁎⁎ 
advertisingta 
2.49 
2.51 
2.53 
2.55 
(2.45)⁎⁎ 
(2.47)⁎⁎ 
(2.47)⁎⁎ 
(2.50)⁎⁎ 
capex 
0.40 
0.40 
0.42 
0.41 
(2.32)⁎⁎ 
(2.28)⁎⁎ 
(2.38)⁎⁎ 
(2.35)⁎⁎ 
lbsize 
0.02 
0.06 
0.02 
0.05 
(0.52) 
(1.17) 
(0.47) 
(1.02) 
R-squared 
0.11 
0.11 
0.12 
0.12 
Sample size 
3033 
3033 
3033 
3033 
LM test statistic (X 2 ) 
993.60⁎⁎⁎ 
979.80⁎⁎⁎ 
993.30⁎⁎⁎ 
978.46⁎⁎⁎ 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="7,33.73,87.55,519.52,657.43"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>The distribution table of outside directors of Korean firms by age, education level and occupation in 2005. Source: outside director's human capital database, website: http://www.outside-director. or.kr. Panel A: dependent variable Q The market value of common stock and book value of preferred stock and total debts, divided by the book value of total assets for each firm and year Panel B: explanatory variables age &amp; edu The average age and education level of outside directors for each firm and year. outside</figDesc><table coords="7,33.73,87.55,351.43,635.83">Categories 
Percentage 

Panel A: Occupation 
Entrepreneur 
53.7 
Professor 
20.3 
Accountant/tax specialist 
14 
Lawyer 
7.3 
Other 
4.7 

Panel B: Age 
30 
0.2 
40 
14.7 
50 
31.3 
60 
49.1 
70 
4.6 
80 
0.1 

Panel C: Education 
Ph.D. 
27 
Masters 
36.4 
Undergraduate 
35.8 
Other 
0.7 
Total 
100 

Variable descriptions. 

Definitions 
Descriptions 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" />			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,563.60,251.02,6.03;7,313.68,571.54,187.78,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversity and incentives in teams: Evidence from corporate boards</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Ferreira</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Dissertation Working Paper</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,579.53,251.04,6.03;7,313.68,587.47,69.90,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do some outside directors play a political role?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Agrawal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Knoeber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Law Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2001-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,595.47,251.12,6.03;7,313.68,603.46,239.13,6.03;7,313.68,611.40,22.85,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversity at the executive suite: a resource-based approach to the customer orientation-organizational performance relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Auh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Menguc</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="564" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,619.39,251.09,6.03;7,313.68,627.33,228.09,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tunneling and business groups: evidence from private securities offerings by Korean Chaebols</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Baek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2415" to="2464" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,635.32,251.06,6.03;7,313.68,643.31,174.04,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Human Capital: A Theoretical and Empirical Analysis, with Special Reference to Education</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,651.25,251.02,6.03;7,313.68,659.24,61.22,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Modern Corporation and Private Property</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Berle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Means</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1933" />
			<publisher>Macmillan Co</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,667.18,250.99,6.03;7,313.68,675.17,209.17,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Lagrange Multiplier test and its applications to model specification in econometrics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Breusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Pagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Econ Stud</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1980-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,683.17,251.05,6.03;7,313.68,691.10,153.37,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do outside directors monitor managers?: Evidence from tender offer bids</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Byrd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hickman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="221" />
			<date type="published" when="1992-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,699.00,251.02,6.38;7,313.68,707.03,130.71,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate governance, board diversity, and firm value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Carter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Simkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Simpson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Financ Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2003-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,714.93,250.98,6.38;7,313.68,722.97,211.68,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Management quality, financial and investment policies, and asymmetric information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chemmanur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Paelgis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Simonyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Quant Anal</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>forthcoming</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,301.72,730.96,251.01,6.03;7,313.68,738.95,229.93,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The value of outside directors: evidence from corporate governance reform in Korea</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Yoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Quant Anal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="941" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2007-12" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,56.49,251.01,6.03;8,54.48,64.38,239.07,6.38;8,54.48,72.42,66.43,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Impact of Outside Directors&apos; Composition and Characteristics on Values of Korean and U.S. IPO firms. Doctoral Dissertation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Chun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Chung-Ang University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Seoul, Korea</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,80.41,211.57,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Modern Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Clegg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,88.35,251.03,6.03;8,54.48,96.34,66.51,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International corporate governance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Denis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcconnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Quant Anal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="2003-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,104.28,250.99,6.03;8,54.48,112.27,151.65,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward an eclectic theory of international production: some empirical tests</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Dunning</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Int Bus Stud</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Spring-Summer</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,120.17,224.86,6.38" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Politically connected firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Faccio</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Econ Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="369" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,128.20,251.04,6.03;8,54.48,136.20,72.92,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational forms and investment decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Fama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="1985-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,144.04,251.03,6.38;8,54.48,152.13,54.70,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Do politically connected boards affect firm value? Rev Financ Stud; forthcoming</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Goldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rocholl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>So</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,160.12,251.03,6.03;8,54.48,168.06,148.55,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of board size and diversity on strategic change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Goodstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Gautam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Boeker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strateg Manage J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1994-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,176.05,251.02,6.03;8,54.48,183.99,238.17,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Boards of directors as an endogenously determined institution: a survey of the economic literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hermalin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Weisbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econ Pol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2003-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,191.88,251.04,6.38;8,54.48,199.97,178.09,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Theory of the firm: managerial behavior, agency costs and ownership structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Meckling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1976-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,207.91,251.06,6.03;8,54.48,215.90,106.33,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Shareholder benefits of diversity. Working Paper. University of Delaware</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Keys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Newsome</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Friday</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,223.84,251.05,6.03;8,54.48,231.83,239.10,6.03;8,54.48,239.77,24.82,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of diversity on business performance: report of the diversity network</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kochan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bezrukova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ely</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Joshi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Jehn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">H Res Manag</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Spring</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,247.76,251.04,6.03;8,54.48,255.76,97.46,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Experience-based human capital and social capital of outside directors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Kor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Sundaramurthy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Manage; forthcoming</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,263.70,251.06,6.03;8,54.48,271.69,149.00,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of board demography and directors&apos; incentives on corporate greenmail decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kosnik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acad Manage J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1990-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,279.63,251.02,6.03;8,54.48,287.62,52.46,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A few good women-on top management teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Krishnan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Daewoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1712" to="1732" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,42.52,295.61,251.04,6.03;8,54.48,303.55,47.42,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The theory of underemployment in backward economies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Leibenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pol Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="1957" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,56.48,251.05,6.03;8,322.47,64.47,61.63,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Underemployment in backward economies: some additional notes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Leibenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pol Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="256" to="264" />
			<date type="published" when="1958" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,72.41,251.07,6.03;8,322.47,80.31,183.24,6.38" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate capital expenditure decisions and the market value of the firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcconnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Muscarella</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="399" to="422" />
			<date type="published" when="1985-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,88.34,251.04,6.03;8,322.47,96.34,86.18,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Equity ownership and the two faces of debt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcconnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Servaes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1995-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,104.18,251.01,6.38;8,322.47,112.27,60.72,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managerial domination of boards of directors and financial performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Molz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="235" to="284" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,120.26,251.02,6.03;8,322.47,128.10,160.14,6.38" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Examining gender differences in field sales organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Moncrief</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Babakus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Cravens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Johnston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="245" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,136.19,251.06,6.03;8,322.47,144.13,173.66,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Management ownership and market valuation: an empirical analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Morck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Shleifer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Vishny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="315" />
			<date type="published" when="1988-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,152.12,251.04,6.03;8,322.47,160.11,148.79,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Size and composition of corporate boards of directors: the organizations and its environment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pfeffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adm Sci Q</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="218" to="246" />
			<date type="published" when="1972-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,168.05,251.05,6.03;8,322.47,176.04,148.11,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The external control of organizations: A resource dependence perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pfeffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Salancik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
			<publisher>Harper and Row</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,183.98,251.01,6.03;8,322.47,191.97,58.72,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Expanding the scope of institutional analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,199.87,251.03,6.38;8,322.47,207.91,207.80,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Women in management and firm financial performance: an explorative study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Shrader</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Blackburn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Iles</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Manag Issue</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Fall</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,215.91,250.98,6.03;8,322.47,223.84,162.17,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Solidarity for Economic Reform. The analysis of genuine independence of outside directors</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<pubPlace>Seoul, Korea</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Economic Reform Report</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,231.84,251.01,6.03;8,322.47,239.77,114.26,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate governance: assessing corporate performance by boardroom attributes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Vance</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="223" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,247.77,251.02,6.03;8,322.47,255.76,48.67,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Econometric Analysis of Cross Section and Panel Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wooldridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,263.70,251.01,6.03;8,322.47,271.69,235.81,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How experience and network ties affect the influence of demographic minorities on corporate boards</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Westphal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Milton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adm Sci Q</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="366" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.51,279.63,251.04,6.03;8,322.47,287.62,120.62,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Higher market valuation of companies with a small board of directors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Yermack</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Financ Econ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="211" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
