<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Cultural differences in consumer socialization: A comparison of Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children ☆</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chankon</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">Saint Mary&apos;s University</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>B3H 3C3</postCode>
									<settlement>Halifax</settlement>
									<region>Nova Scotia</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zhiyong</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Texas at Arlington</orgName>
								<address>
									<region>Texas</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hanjoon</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">Sejong University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Seoul</settlement>
									<country key="KR">Korea</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="institution">and Western Michigan University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Michigan</settlement>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Cultural differences in consumer socialization: A comparison of Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children ☆</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jbusres.2008.08.005</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 1 March 2008 Received in revised form 1 May 2008 Accepted 1 August 2008</note>
					<note>a b s t r a c t a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:05+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Consumer socialization Family communication patterns Decision-making styles</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>Although scanty, past studies of consumer socialization between different cultures (mainly between the United States and Far Eastern cultures) have revealed some noticeable differences in parental socialization practices and children's socialization processes. In terms of parenting practices, differences suspected or found are generally consistent with broader childrearing differences between individualist and collectivist cultures; parents in the United States are more likely to encourage individualistic and independent behavior in their children whereas Far Eastern parents put emphasis on interdependent behavior by fostering respect for parental authority and family harmony <ref type="bibr" coords="1,120.81,560.50,47.94,7.54" target="#b8">(Chao, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,171.84,560.50,55.95,7.54" target="#b43">Xu et al., 2005)</ref>. With regards to children's socialization process, reflecting the different parenting practices, Far Eastern children, compared to U.S. children, acquire consumption/purchase autonomy in a more delayed timetable <ref type="bibr" coords="1,253.24,591.91,40.38,7.54;1,42.52,602.34,41.24,7.54" target="#b29">(Robertson et al., 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,85.89,602.34,39.39,7.54" target="#b30">Rose, 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Gradually, evidence is accumulating for the pervasive impact of culture on consumer socialization <ref type="bibr" coords="1,136.23,623.26,90.19,7.54" target="#b6">(Chan and McNeal, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,228.89,623.26,64.67,7.54" target="#b33">Rose et al., 2002b;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,42.52,633.75,64.26,7.54" target="#b39">Wang et al., 2007)</ref>. However, given the vast range of significant issues related to the topic of cross-cultural consumer socialization, research in this area is still very much in the nascent stage. It is particularly surprising to note that despite the broad interest marketers have in Chinese consumers and markets, there is a large gap in the marketing literature on consumer socialization in Chinese culture. As an attempt to address this void, the present study compares Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian families with respect to family communication patterns, children's consumer decision-making styles, and children's influence in family purchase decisions. Using two Canadian subcultures to address cultural differences in consumer socialization is justified for the following two reasons. First, conducting this study within the Canadian context helps control the country-level contextual effects, as the consumer socialization variables examined here can be affected by both the society and the family. Second, it is generally believed the Chinese cultural traditions, such as those concerning respect for authority figures and parents, behavioral restraint and compliance, are so firmly entrenched in Chinese immigrant families, they are unlikely to change rapidly. A study by <ref type="bibr" coords="1,548.90,583.40,12.66,7.54;1,310.51,593.89,23.77,7.54" target="#b42">Wu (1996)</ref> lent strong support for this argument. Specifically, Chinese parents from Shanghai, Southern Taiwan, Bangkok, Singapore, Honolulu, and Los Angeles were found to share many basic traditional values, socialization goals and parenting practices, despite varying degrees of geographical and ideological differences.</p><p>According to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,96.43,528.52,100.82,7.54" target="#b35">Sproles and Kendall (1986)</ref>, a consumer decisionmaking style is "a mental orientation characterizing a consumer's approach to making choices" (p. 268). Their study identified eight consumer decision-making styles: (1) perfectionism or high-quality consciousness, (2) price and "value for money" shopping consciousness, (3) novelty-fashion consciousness, (4) recreational, hedonic shopping consciousness, (5) brand status consciousness, (6) habitual, brand-loyal orientation toward consumption, (7) impulsiveness, and (8) confusion from overchoice.</p><p>Based on her examinations of characteristics of each decisionmaking style, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,89.63,633.13,48.23,7.54" target="#b34">Shim (1996)</ref> classified the eight styles into three orientations: utilitarian, social/conspicuous, and undesirable. The utilitarian orientation is characterized by emphasis on finding the best quality or product benefits for a price as reflected in perfectionism or high-quality consciousness and price and "value for money" shopping consciousness. The social/conspicuous orientation has for focus the social meanings or value-expressive functions of consumption as reflected in novelty-fashion consciousness, recreational, hedonic shopping consciousness, and brand status consciousness. Lastly, impulsiveness and confusion from overchoice represent the undesirable orientation because they are often associated with poor decision making.</p><p>There has been a series of investigation aimed at testing the generality of consumer decision-making styles across different populations, including Korea <ref type="bibr" coords="2,383.29,78.72,79.99,7.54" target="#b13">(Hafstrom et al., 1992)</ref>, Germany <ref type="bibr" coords="2,504.90,78.72,47.85,7.54;2,301.72,89.15,19.59,7.54" target="#b37">(Walsh et al., 2001)</ref>, United Kingdom <ref type="bibr" coords="2,389.53,89.15,95.72,7.54" target="#b24">(Mitchell and Bates, 1998)</ref> and China <ref type="bibr" coords="2,526.56,89.15,26.21,7.54;2,301.72,99.64,34.75,7.54" target="#b1">(Bao et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,340.04,99.64,74.69,7.54" target="#b11">Fan and Xiao, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,418.27,99.64,68.58,7.54" target="#b38">Wang et al., 2004)</ref>. Based on factor analysis of <ref type="bibr" coords="2,344.92,110.07,108.66,7.54" target="#b35">Sproles and Kendall's (1986)</ref> consumer style inventory (CSI), these studies confirm varying portions of the original decisionmaking styles while none of them reproduced all eight completely. Hence, the cross-cultural generalizability of the eight consumer decision-making styles is limited. As such, the CSI needs to be tested before being used in another country setting or a modified model of consumer decision-making styles may be necessary to more adequately account for the consumer behavior and retail environment of another culture <ref type="bibr" coords="2,359.89,193.81,61.52,7.54" target="#b1">(Bao et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,423.55,193.81,65.73,7.54" target="#b37">Walsh et al., 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Some of the studies listed above also investigate decision-making styles of Chinese consumers. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,411.70,214.73,96.74,7.54" target="#b1">Bao, Zhou, and Su (2003)</ref> tested speculations that, compared to U.S. consumers, more face conscious and risk averse Chinese consumers would exhibit higher degrees of "brandstatus-conscious" and "confused-by-overchoice" orientations but lower degrees of "novelty and fashion-conscious," "price-conscious and value-for-money," and "recreational and hedonistic" orientations. Results supported all of their expectations except for the "brand-statusconscious" orientation; contrary to the a priori expectation, Chinese consumers possessed a lower extent of "brand-status-conscious" orientation. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,345.26,308.84,73.04,7.54" target="#b11">Fan and Xiao (1998)</ref> proposed a modified five-factor Consumer Style Inventory for Chinese consumers, which included the dimensions of: brand consciousness, time consciousness, quality consciousness, price consciousness, and information utilization. Subsequent comparisons of the decision-making styles of their Chinese university student sample with those of the American high school student sample used in <ref type="bibr" coords="2,328.14,371.60,99.43,7.54" target="#b35">Sproles and Kendall's (1986)</ref> earlier study showed that American consumers scored higher on all five dimensions. These comparisons, however, contain several obvious methodological problems (e.g., differences in the data collection time and sample characteristics), lending the results low interpretability.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.1.">Cross-cultural differences: utilitarian orientation</head><p>As of now, little is known about cross-cultural differences in the consumer decision making styles of Chinese and North American consumers, let alone young consumers. However, fundamental differences in parental socialization philosophies that exist between these two opposing cultures amply allude to the potential differences in children's decisionmaking styles. It is widely believed that Chinese parents value thrift and encourage their children from an early age to put their pocket money in piggy-banks <ref type="bibr" coords="2,356.72,520.08,48.29,7.54" target="#b45">(Zhang, 2001)</ref>. Frugality characterizes the consumption behavior of Chinese consumers in general and contributes to their price and value consciousness in particular <ref type="bibr" coords="2,433.66,541.00,71.89,7.54" target="#b40">(Weidenbaum, 1996)</ref>. In the same vain, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,320.38,551.43,97.27,7.54" target="#b0">Ackerman and Tellis (2001)</ref> found that Chinese took more time to search per item purchased in grocery shopping, and examined more items per product purchased than Americans did. Several other researchers have observed a strong utilitarian orientation of Chinese consumers in purchase situations. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,342.88,593.27,66.94,7.54" target="#b16">Kim et al. (2002)</ref>, for example, reported that Chinese consumers tend to focus more heavily on the price and performance attributes (vs. more hedonic or emotional image attributes) when making product evaluations and purchase decisions than their more affluent American counterparts. Consistent with this observation, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,496.97,635.11,55.79,7.54;2,301.72,645.60,23.77,7.54" target="#b27">Pan and Schmitt (1995)</ref> found that Chinese consumers use brands as an indicator of product function to a greater extent than U.S. consumers. Based on these observations, we hypothesize that:</p><p>H2a. Chinese-Canadian children employ utilitarian consumer decisionmaking styles to a greater extent than Caucasian-Canadian children.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.2.">Cross-cultural differences: social/conspicuous orientation</head><p>The social/conspicuous orientation in consumer decision making is seen in consumption/purchase situations that are affected by social motivations. It is characterized as seeking well-known or expensive brands and being drawn to the recreational aspects of shopping <ref type="bibr" coords="3,270.08,68.24,23.58,7.54;3,42.52,78.73,18.88,7.54" target="#b34">(Shim, 1996)</ref>. Because of the emphasis placed by North American parents on such socialization goals as early consumption independence, selfassertiveness, and expressiveness which are part of a more individualistic perspective <ref type="bibr" coords="3,120.30,110.08,107.48,7.54" target="#b22">(Markus and Kitayama, 1991)</ref>, North American children are likely to use purchase and consumption situations to express self-image and values to a greater extent than Chinese children. We could also expect that North American children, with a more affluent economic background, have a stronger hedonistic orientation in consumption/purchase situations. There is some evidence that ideocentric consumers (consumers with an individualistic personality trait) are more brand status conscious than allocentric consumers (consumers with a collectivistic personality trait) <ref type="bibr" coords="3,219.68,193.81,73.90,7.54;3,42.52,204.24,44.81,7.54" target="#b10">(Dutta-Bergman and Wells, 2002)</ref> and that consumers from individualist cultures (U.S.A. and U.K.) are more brand status conscious than those from collectivistic cultures (China and Japan) <ref type="bibr" coords="3,139.86,225.16,59.56,7.54" target="#b36">(Sun et al., 2004)</ref>. Furthermore, the finding of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,53.57,235.65,98.39,7.54" target="#b1">Bao, Zhou, and Su (2003)</ref> that the U.S. consumers possessed a stronger brand-status-conscious orientation than their Chinese counterparts offers additional evidence for this contention. Hence, we anticipate North American children's purchase decision-making styles to be more socially motivated:</p><p>H2b. Caucasian-Canadian children employ social/conspicuous consumer decision-making styles to a greater extent than Chinese-Canadian children.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.3.">Cross-cultural differences: undesirable orientation</head><p>With regard to the two 'undesirable' consumer decision-making stylesimpulsiveness and confused from overchoice, the literature suggests that the differences in these two styles between Caucasian-Canadian and Chinese-Canadian children may be in opposite directions. Therefore, separate hypotheses are generated for the two undesirable styles.</p><p>The view that Chinese consumers tend to be more price-and valueconscious and more deliberate shoppers than their U.S. counterparts may be extrapolated to another conjecture that they may less likely engage in impulsive buying. A recent study by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,213.50,438.89,80.07,7.54" target="#b14">Kacen and Lee (2002)</ref> revealed that cultural differences at both the regional level (i.e., differences in collectivism-individualism) and the individual level (i.e., differences in independent-interdependent self-concept) influence impulsive purchasing behavior. They found that Asian consumers (Malaysians and Singaporeans) engage in less impulse buying behavior compared to consumers from the U.S. and Australia. At the individual level, independent self-concept was related to impulsive buying behavior only for the consumers from the U.S. and Australia. Impulsive buying can be an expression of self-identity among individualistculture consumers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,114.29,543.49,67.38,7.54" target="#b36">(Sun et al., 2004)</ref> whereas in collectivist societies such as China, impulse buying is considered a hedonic desire and individuals are encouraged to suppress it <ref type="bibr" coords="3,191.45,564.41,78.51,7.54" target="#b14">(Kacen and Lee, 2002)</ref>.</p><p>Furthermore, Chinese parents exhibit a high level of control over their child and are protective <ref type="bibr" coords="3,148.30,585.33,55.84,7.54" target="#b43">(Xu et al., 2005)</ref>. These characteristics of Chinese parenting are likely to alert children to always try to "do things right," such as making purchase decisions based on more deliberate information search and evaluation and buying the items parents tend to be happy with. Therefore, it is expected that:</p><p>H2c. Caucasian-Canadian children will engage in impulsive decisionmaking to a greater extent than Chinese-Canadian children.</p><p>The view that Chinese consumers have a stronger utilitarian orientation leads to yet another conjecture: Chinese consumers, compared to North American consumers, may likely experience greater confusion by overchoice in buying situations stemming from their more deliberate and extensive information processing behavior. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,255.80,706.37,37.79,7.54;3,42.52,716.81,53.87,7.54" target="#b1">Bao, Zhou, and Su (2003)</ref> contended that that Chinese consumers, being more risk averse than U.S. consumers, would conduct a more extensive information acquisition than their U.S. counterparts to decrease uncertainty associated with purchases. However, they further went on to suggest that the large amount of information acquired may actually lead to greater rather than reduced perceived risk, leaving risk-averse Chinese consumers confused. Their results showed that risk aversion is significantly related to the "confused-by-overchoice" decision-making characteristic and also that Chinese consumers are indeed more risk averse and exhibit the "confused-by-overchoice" orientation to a greater extent than U.S. consumers. Hence, we expect that:</p><p>H2d. Chinese-Canadian children will exhibit the "confused-by-overchoice" orientation in decision-making to a greater extent than Chinese-Canadian children.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Children's decision-making influence</head><p>Mixed views are available on the question of which cultural socialization practices are more conducive to children's exerting greater influence in family purchase decisions. Some scholars believe that Chinese children have less influence than their American counterparts <ref type="bibr" coords="3,525.37,252.09,36.19,7.54;3,310.51,262.52,50.25,7.54" target="#b6">(Chan and McNeal, 2003)</ref> whereas others think the opposite would be true <ref type="bibr" coords="3,527.28,262.52,34.28,7.54;3,310.51,273.01,19.63,7.54" target="#b19">(Lau et al., 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,332.50,273.01,60.27,7.54" target="#b9">Chen et al., 2000)</ref>. Still others found that there is no difference in children's role across these two cultures <ref type="bibr" coords="3,451.90,283.44,65.44,7.54" target="#b39">(Wang et al., 2007)</ref>. Those who think Chinese children play a less important role in family purchases than Americans examine this issue through considering power distance in Chinese society. The traditional Chinese family system values children's dependence on the family and unquestioned acceptance of parental authority. Given this power distance between parents and children, it is reasonable to expect that family decision-making power rests on the parents. In line with this reasoning, a study of mainland Chinese parents conducted by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,361.47,367.12,91.01,7.54" target="#b6">Chan and McNeal (2003)</ref> revealed that Chinese parents have strict control over the kinds of products children can or cannot buy while allowing their children some freedom in choice of brands of the permissible products. An even more recent study by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,490.51,398.52,71.06,7.54" target="#b18">Laroche et al. (2007)</ref> showed that as Chinese-Canadian children become more acculturated, they tend to exercise greater influence in family purchase decisions.</p><p>In another view, parental indulgence in Chinese families is regarded as a source of increasing children's power in family purchase situations. Since the Chinese government's institution of one-child policy in 1979, a phenomenon that has received particular attention in contemporary Chinese families and may have bearing on Chinese children's socialization is parental indulgence <ref type="bibr" coords="3,380.81,482.20,63.29,7.54" target="#b9">(Chen et al., 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,445.85,482.20,51.53,7.54" target="#b43">Xu et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,499.12,482.20,62.47,7.54;3,310.51,492.63,18.95,7.54" target="#b6">Chan and McNeal, 2003)</ref>. Some believe that as Chinese parents become preoccupied with satisfying their only child's desires, the old way that children's consumption was controlled and decided by parents has been fundamentally changed <ref type="bibr" coords="3,341.80,524.04,41.66,7.54" target="#b44">(Ying, 2003)</ref>. Indulgent parents devote great attention to satisfying the child's desires, yielding to the child's demands, and exhibiting leniency toward wrongdoing <ref type="bibr" coords="3,412.61,544.97,80.05,7.54" target="#b15">(Kelly and Tseng, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,494.57,544.97,59.19,7.54" target="#b9">Chen et al., 2000)</ref>.</p><p>The family purchase decisions of interest in this study include those that involve products for children's own use. Our hypotheses regarding Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children's influence in these family purchase decisions derive from both of these two views. We anticipate that Chinese parents' indulgence toward their children may be linked to their greater willingness to allow children's influence in purchase decisions, but only those involving less expensive adolescent 'convenience' products. However, in high risk purchase situations involving more expensive adolescent 'durable' products, we expect less desire on the part of Chinese parents to listen to their children. We hypothesize that:</p><p>H3a. Caucasian-Canadian children exercise greater influence than Chinese-Canadian children in family purchase situations involving (more expensive) adolescent 'durable' products for their own use, but</p><p>H3b. Chinese-Canadian children exercise greater influence than Caucasian-Canadian children in family purchase situations involving (less expensive) adolescent 'convenience' products for their own use.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Data</head><p>The Chinese-Canadian children's data used in this study come from a survey of Chinese-Canadian families conducted in an Eastern metropolitan city for a Chinese-Canadian children's socialization study. Parents of teenagers were contacted at Chinese church gatherings and other organization meetings and their participation in the survey was solicited. Those who agreed to participate took home a package of three questionnaires (two for parents and one for a teenage child in the family) and returned the completed questionnaires at the designated places. In total, the survey netted 107 completed children's questionnaires. The Chinese-Canadian children's sample contained slightly more male respondents (n = 57, 53%) than female respondents and had an average age of 14.5. Most of them (n = 81, 76%) were born in mainland China, some (n = 18, 17%) were born in Canada, and the rest in various places around the world, including Hong Kong, Taiwan, France, Germany, England, and the U.S.</p><p>The Caucasian-Canadian data used in this study come from a similar survey of families conducted in an Atlantic Canadian city. Students and their respective parents at two high schools and a sports club participated in the survey. Depending upon the number of participants from the same family, donations of different sums of money were made to the participating child's school or club. In total, the number of usable children's questionnaires was 510. This sample contained more males (55%) than females and the average age of the children (15.8) was more than one year older than the Chinese-Canadian sample.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Measures</head><p>Each teenager assessed his/her mother's and father's degree of concept-orientation with an 8-item measure (e.g., My mother (father) asks me for advice about buying things) and socio-orientation with a 5-item measure (e.g., My mother (father) wants to know what I do with my money) (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,114.46,434.36,57.74,7.54" target="#b31">Rose et al., 1998</ref> for the whole measures). Both measures used a five-point scale ranging from never to very often. These two measures or slightly varied versions have been used extensively in the past research on consumer socialization <ref type="bibr" coords="4,253.59,465.77,31.12,7.54;4,33.73,476.25,42.02,7.54" target="#b3">(Carlson et al., 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,77.95,476.25,111.00,7.54" target="#b20">Mangleburg and Bristol, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,191.15,476.25,74.38,7.54" target="#b25">Moschis et al., 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,267.73,476.25,17.07,7.54;4,33.73,486.69,49.99,7.54" target="#b32">Rose et al., 2002a)</ref>. As in most of these past studies, responses were summed across items in each scale and higher scores indicated higher levels of each orientation. Research has shown support for combining the items in each scale (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,143.89,518.09,107.76,7.54" target="#b2">Carlson and Grossbart, 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,254.58,518.09,30.20,7.54;4,33.73,528.52,46.54,7.54" target="#b25">Moschis et al., 1984)</ref>. Analysis based on the combined sample showed acceptable levels of reliability in capturing mothers' and fathers' communication orientations (α = .88 for fathers' socio-orientation, α = .84 for fathers' concept-orientation, α = .87 for mothers' socioorientation, α = .83 for mothers' concept-orientation).</p><p>The assessment of adolescents' consumer decision-making styles involved a total of 30 items, 19 of which covered 5 of the 8 decision making styles originally proposed by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,179.83,601.77,104.98,7.54" target="#b35">Sproles and Kendall (1986)</ref> (Perfectionism or high-quality consciousness; Brand status consciousness; Recreational, hedonistic shopping consciousness; Impulsiveness; and Confused by overchoice) and 11 of which were drawn from the past studies of consumer socialization and adolescents' consumer behavior (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,52.33,654.05,90.35,7.54" target="#b21">Mangleburg et al., 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,145.98,654.05,45.33,7.54" target="#b26">Palan, 1998)</ref> tapping three additional adolescents' decision-making styles (Careful and deliberate decisionmaking; Well-informed decision making; and Learning from product labels). Since eight factors and varying levels of correlations among the factors were foreseen for the 30 items, factor analysis (principal component analysis) subsequently run involved extracting 8 factors and subjecting them to the oblique promax rotation. The 8-factor solution explained 69.33% of the total variance and the grouping of the items revealed in both the factor structure matrix and the pattern matrix was unambiguous and conformed closely to the a priori expectations. Shown in <ref type="table" coords="4,382.22,570.31,26.78,7.54">Table 1</ref> are factor labels and items measuring each factor along with their factor loading values contained in the factor pattern matrix. Reliability estimates for all eight decisionmaking style measures are also presented in <ref type="table" coords="4,464.03,601.72,24.04,7.54">Table 1</ref>. They range from moderate to high levels with a minimum of .68 for the impulsiveness factor and a maximum of .92 for the recreational, hedonistic shopping consciousness factor. The mean scale values (also see <ref type="table" coords="4,508.71,633.07,27.17,7.54">Table 1</ref>) lie between 2.64 for the confused by overchoice factor and 3.64 for the perfectionism or high-quality consciousness factor.</p><p>Based on the reasoning <ref type="bibr" coords="4,399.63,664.48,45.34,7.54" target="#b34">Shim (1996)</ref> presents for her classification scheme, consumer decision-making styles labeled careful and deliberate decision making, well-informed decision making, perfectionism or high-quality consciousness, and learning from product labels are utilitarian oriented whereas recreational and hedonistic shopping orientation and brand status consciousness reflect a social/conspicuous orientation. The impulsive and confused by overchoice styles represent an undesirable orientation. This classification was empirically tested in <ref type="table" coords="4,301.72,58.07,21.56,6.28">Table 1</ref> Results of factor analysis: consumer decision-making style items.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Factor Statement Factor loading</head><p>Careful and deliberate decision making (α = .88; M = 3.50) I shop around before buying something that costs a lot of money.</p><p>.89 I carefully study the choices available before I buy something that costs me a lot of money.</p><p>.84 I compare prices and brands before buying something that costs a lot of money.</p><p>.73 I look carefully to find the best values for the money.</p><p>.72 I compare prices to find lower-priced products.</p><p>.66</p><p>Well-informed decision-making (α = .85; M = 3.41) I know a lot about different brands of the products I buy.</p><p>.85 I know a lot about choices available for things I buy.</p><p>.84 I am usually well informed about what is a reasonable price to pay for something.</p><p>.77 I know a lot about different types of stores.</p><p>.76 I am a knowledgeable consumer.</p><p>.53</p><p>Perfectionism or high quality consciousness (α = .86; M = 3.64) In general, I usually try to buy the very best overall quality products. .93 When it comes to purchasing products, I try to get the very best or the perfect choice.</p><p>.93</p><p>I make a special effort to choose the very best quality products.</p><p>.74 Getting very good quality is very important to me.</p><p>.65</p><p>Learning from product labels (α = .80; M = 3.01) I carefully read most of the things they write on packages or labels. .82 I learn about brands by reading product labels .79 I sometimes read product labels before deciding which brand to buy. .74</p><p>Recreational, hedonistic shopping orientation (α = .92; M = 3.34)</p><p>Going shopping is one of the enjoyable activities of my life.</p><p>.92 Shopping is a pleasant activity to me.</p><p>.92 I enjoy shopping just for fun of it.</p><p>.91</p><p>Brand status consciousness (α = .77: M = 2.98) Nice department and specialty stores offer me the best products. .95 The more expensive brands are usually my choice.</p><p>.75 The well-known national brands are best for me.</p><p>.64</p><p>Confused by overchoice (α = .81; M = 2.64)</p><p>The more I learn about products, the harder it seems to choose the best.</p><p>.84</p><p>Sometimes it's hard to choose which store to shop. .81 All the information I get on different products confuses me.</p><p>.76 There are so many brands to choose from that I often feel confused. .74 Impulsiveness (α = .68; M = 2.75) I don't spend much time shopping for best buys. .80 I am impulsive when purchasing.</p><p>.77 Often I make careless purchases I later wish I had not.</p><p>.74 the subsequent stage. Specifically, items in each decision-making style scale were averaged, and the eight resulting mean scale values were factor analyzed. The analysis produced three (second-order) factors with eigenvalues greater than 1.0, explaining 68.9% of the total variance. This supported the a priori three-group classification for the eight decision-making styles. However, an examination of the factor pattern matrix revealed one anomaly; perfectionism or high quality consciousness loaded on the same factor (λ = .71) with recreational, hedonistic shopping orientation (λ = .67) and brand status consciousness (λ = .83) which were a priori classified into the social/conspicuous type. A close look at the items tapping this decision-making style (e.g., In general, I usually try to buy the very best overall quality products.) revealed a content that can be easily construed as reflective of social/ conspicuous shopping orientation. Based on the factor analysis results and the fact that Shim's classification was not empirically based, the decision-making style of perfectionism or high quality consciousness was included in the 'social/conspicuous' category. Finally, children's influence in family purchase decisions was measured based on two types of product purchase decisionsone involving six adolescent 'durables' (Music CDs or DVDs, a bicycle, athletic shoes or sneakers, clothes, books, and an MP3 player for the child) and the other involving five adolescent 'convenience' products (toothpaste, breakfast cereal, snacks, shampoo, and soft drink for the child), both for children's own consumption. For each one of these products, children were asked "Between you and your parents, who decides what to buy?" (1 = Your parents entirely; 2=Mostly your parents; 3=Your parents and you jointly; 4=Mostly yourself; 5 = Yourself entirely). Factor analysis (principle component analysis with promax rotation) forcing a two-factor solution explained 57.15% of the total variance. A look at both the factor structure matrix and the pattern matrix showed that the six adolescent 'durable' product purchase decisions loaded on the same factor (α = .78, M = 3.92), and the five adolescent 'convenience' product purchase decisions loaded on the other factor (α = .86, M = 3.16). <ref type="table" coords="5,192.81,559.82,27.01,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 2</ref> presents the factor loadings for the 11 items contained in the factor pattern matrix.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Analysis and results</head><p>Cross-cultural differences in parental communication orientations (H1a and H1b), children's consumer decision-making styles (H2a, H2b, H2c, and H2d), and purchase decision influences (H3a and H3b) were tested with a series of multivariate analysis of co-variance (MANCOVA) and analysis of co-variance (ANCOVA). Our analyses incorporated two covariates. As was mentioned, between the two subcultural groups in this study, there was about 1.3 years of age difference. These groups also differed as to the portion that held a parttime job, and hence in their earned income. Of the 511 Caucasian-Canadian children, 43% (219) reported that they had a part-time job, whereas only 9% (10) of the 107 Chinese-Canadian children reported having a part-time job. In order to control for the effects these differences may have on the dependent variables, both the child's age and reported monthly income from the part-time job ($0 for those who did not have a part-time job) were incorporated as covariates in the between-group comparisons. MANCOVA was used to test H1a, H1b, H2a and H2b because each of these hypotheses involved correlated multiple dependent variables. H2c, H2d, H3a, and H3b, on the other hand, involved only one dependent variable each, and thus were tested with ANCOVA. <ref type="table" coords="5,415.95,120.56,27.41,7.54">Table 3</ref> presents the mean values and standard deviations of all the dependent variables and multivariate and univariate test results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.">Cross-cultural differences in children's perceptions of parental communication orientations (H1)</head><p>MANCOVA results on the cross-cultural differences on the two communication dimensions show that a significant multivariate difference on children's perceptions of parents' socio-orientations (H1a confirmed, F = 11.83; p = .00) but the multivariate difference on children's perceptions of parents' concept-orientation was not significant (H1b unconfirmed, F =1.53, p = .22). Univariate results for H1a reveal that Chinese-Canadian children saw both their father and mother as significantly more socio-oriented than Caucasian-Canadian children saw theirs (M= 2.58 for Chinese-Canadian fathers' socio-orientation vs. M = 2.16 for Caucasian-Canadian fathers' socio-orientation, F = 12.08, p = .00; M = 3.26 for Chinese-Canadian mothers' socio- orientation vs. M = 2.65 for Caucasian-Canadian mothers' socioorientation, F = 20.05, p = .00). These mean values also reveal that mothers in both cultures are perceived to be substantially more sociooriented than fathers (t = 7.23, p = .00 for the paired difference between Chinese-Canadian mothers' socio-orientation and Chinese-Canadian fathers' socio-orientation; t = 10.31, p =.00 for the paired difference between Caucasian-Canadian mothers' socio-orientation and Caucasian-Canadian fathers' socio-orientation). A particularly notable observation though involves Chinese-Canadian mothers' socio-orientation which was by far strongest among the four groups.</p><p>With regards to the concept-orientation, for which no significant multivariate cross-cultural differences were detected, significant between-gender differences still emerged, indicating a high level of concept-orientation in mothers' communication with children than in fathers' (t =4.97, p = .00 for the paired difference between Chinese-Canadian mothers' concept-orientation and Chinese-Canadian fathers' orientation; t =14.61, p = .00 for the paired difference between Caucasian-Canadian mothers' concept-orientation and Caucasian-Canadian fathers' concept-orientation).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.">Cross-cultural differences in children's consumer decision-making styles (H2)</head><p>Based on the belief that frugality is still widely regarded as consumption virtue among Chinese consumers and that functional (vs. hedonic) attributes tend to carry greater significance to them than North American consumers in purchase situations, we hypothesized (H2a) that Chinese-Canadian children will use a more utilitarian approach to their purchase decision-making than Caucasian-Canadian children. MANCOVA Results (see <ref type="table" coords="6,169.62,361.17,24.70,7.54">Table 3</ref>) provide support for this hypothesis (F = 10.48, p = .00). Univariate results show that of the three decision-making styles belonging to the utilitarian type, significant cross-cultural differences were found on twocareful and deliberate decision-making (F = 15.61, p = .00) and learning from product labels (F = 16.24, p = .00). On both of these decision-making styles, Chinese-Canadian children showed a significantly higher mean value than Caucasian-Canadian children (M = 3.84 for Chinese-Canadian children vs. M = 3.43 for Caucasian-Canadian children for careful and deliberate decision-making and M = 3.38 vs. M = 2.94 in the same order for learning from product labels).</p><p>Using the rationale that North American children are more likely than Chinese children to see purchase/consumption situations as opportunities for self-expression, we hypothesized greater use of social/conspicuous decision-making styles by Caucasian-Canadian (H2b). Here also, a significant multivariate cross-cultural difference was found (F=10.70, p=.00). Univariate results show a significant difference on two of the three decision-making styles belonging to this category. Caucasian-Canadian children exhibited a significantly stronger recreational or hedonistic shopping orientation (M= 3.44 for Caucasian-Canadian children vs. M=2.84 for Chinese-Canadian children, F=17.23, p=.00) and brand status consciousness than Chinese-Canadian children (M =3.05 vs. M =2.69 in the same order, F=11.45, p=.00).</p><p>Extending the view that Chinese consumers may be more cautious and deliberate than their North American counterparts in purchase situations, we predicted that Chinese-Canadian children are less likely than Caucasian-Canadian children to engage in impulsive buying (H2c). Results (see <ref type="table" coords="6,102.79,643.61,24.65,7.54">Table 3</ref>) confirm that Caucasian-Canadian children tend to exhibit more impulsive and careless buying than their Chinese-Canadian counterparts (M = 2.79 for Caucasian-Canadian children vs. M = 2.57 for Chinese-Canadian children, F = 4.04, p = .05). We also predicted that compared to their Caucasian-Canadian counterparts, Chinese-Canadian children are likely to experience greater confusion by overchoice in buying situations owing to their more deliberate and extensive information processing tendencies. Results support this as well (M = 2.92 for Chinese-Canadian children vs. M = 2.58 for Caucasian-Canadian children, F = 10.00, p = .00 for confused by over-choice). In sum, results provide support for all four hypotheses (H2a-H2d) involving cross-cultural differences in children's consumer decision-making styles, albeit at varying levels.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.3.">Cross-cultural differences in children's influence in family purchase decisions (H3)</head><p>Our hypothesis regarding cross-cultural differences in children's purchase influence reflected two opposing views on Chinese parenting practices. Deriving from the widely held view that Chinese parents are less democratic and maintain an authoritarian family decision-making structure, it would be expected that Chinese-Canadian children would exercise much less influence in family purchase decision-making than Caucasian-Canadian children. But, also in view of the high levels of parental indulgence which according to many observers of modern Chinese families exist in Chinese families, we hypothesized that Caucasian-Canadian children would exercise more influence in purchase situations involving more expensive adolescent 'durables' (H3a), but in less expensive adolescent 'convenience' product purchase situations, Chinese-Canadian children would exercise more influence (H3b).</p><p>ANCOVA results indicate, however, that only H3b was supported by our data (M= 3.37 for Chinese-Canadian children vs. M = 3.11 for Caucasian-Canadian children for the purchase influence in adolescent 'convenience' products, F =6.64, p = .01). Caucasian-Canadian children showed a higher mean influence value (M= 3.80) than Chinese-Canadian children (M= 3.65), but the difference was not significant (F = .04, p =.84) to support H3a.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">Discussion</head><p>It is only recently that researchers of consumer socialization have been following up on the long suspected link between culture and consumer socialization. It needs to be pointed out, however, that past cross-cultural research on consumer socialization has only involved a few cultures, with surprisingly little attention paid to Chinese consumers either in mainland China or in an ethnic Chinese cultural setting of North America. As an attempt to remedy this situation, the present study made a cross-cultural investigation involving Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children on three issues central to consumer socializationparental communication patterns, children's consumer decision-making styles, and children's influence in family purchase decisions.</p><p>Given the popular view that Chinese culture exhibits a large power distance (or highly authoritarian) and highly collectivistic tendencies <ref type="bibr" coords="6,317.03,528.53,46.52,7.54" target="#b8">(Chao, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,365.16,528.53,60.44,7.54" target="#b9">Chen et al., 2000)</ref>, we expected to find a significantly stronger socio-orientation and a weaker concept-orientation in Chinese-Canadian parents' communication to their children than in Caucasian parents'. While our results clearly indicated a stronger socioorientation of both Chinese-Canadian mothers and fathers, neither Chinese-Canadian mothers nor Chinese-Canadian fathers showed a significantly different level of concept-orientation compared to their Caucasian-Canadian counterparts. Therefore, to a greater extent than Caucasian-Canadian parents, Chinese-Canadian parents emphasize conformity and obedience from their children in their communication about purchase/consumption. The relatively high scores of Chinese-Canadian mothers and fathers on concept-oriented communication were somewhat unexpected. On the other hand, when compared to the recent findings by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,387.72,664.53,94.69,7.54" target="#b6">Chan and McNeal (2003)</ref> on Chinese family communication patterns (using only a Chinese parents sample), the levels of socio-and concept-orientations observed in this study do not seem aberrant. These researchers found that Chinese parents engage in a high level of socio-oriented communication (M= 3.59 on a five-point scale), which was significantly higher than their hypothesized mean of the middle point on the scale (3.0). The level of concept-oriented communication reported by their Chinese parent respondents was also higher than the middle point of the scale, albeit slightly (3.03). Given the large sample their study employed (n = 1665), this mean value was significantly higher than their hypothesized mean of 3.0. The researchers concluded that contrary to their expectation, Chinese parents did not engage in a low level of concept-oriented communication.</p><p>The study by <ref type="bibr" coords="7,103.30,120.57,50.08,7.54" target="#b46">Zhang (2007)</ref> suggests that the present-day Chinese family communication patterns are more conversation-oriented than conformity oriented. Conversation orientation (conceptually similar to concept-orientation) refers to a family's encouragement of an open exchange of ideas and feelings whereas the conformity orientation (conceptually similar to socio-orientation) refers to parents' tendency to enforce child conformity <ref type="bibr" coords="7,142.35,183.33,50.78,7.54" target="#b28">(Ritchie, 1991)</ref>. The parent-child relationship in Chinese families is going through a transformation under the changing macro societal conditions brought about by the nation's rapid modernization. Based on his findings, <ref type="bibr" coords="7,207.84,214.73,51.09,7.54" target="#b46">Zhang (2007)</ref> ventures that Chinese parents have shifted from conformity orientation to conversation orientation in parent-child interactions, and that this shift may actually reflect the transformation of Chinese culture from a highly hierarchical society to one that endorses equality and freedom (p.123).</p><p>Results from the comparisons of consumer decision-making styles between Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children were generally in line with the hypotheses. As anticipated, Chinese-Canadian children exhibited a more utilitarian orientation in their consumer decision-making styles, as indicated by their higher scores on careful and deliberate decision-making and learning from product labels. On the other hand, Caucasian-Canadian children, also as hypothesized, used the social/conspicuous approach to making purchase decisions to a greater extent than Chinese-Canadian children, as indicated by their higher scores on recreational, hedonistic shopping orientation and brand status consciousness. With regards to the two undesirable decision-making styles, comparison results were again consistent with the hypotheses. Whereas Caucasian-Canadian children were more impulsive and careless decision makers than Chinese-Canadian children, Chinese-Canadian children felt significantly more confused by overchoice than their Caucasian-Canadian counterparts. The finding that Chinese-Canadian children are less impulsive than Caucasian-Canadian children lends some degree of credence to the view that people in the collectivistic cultures learn to control their impulsive tendencies more than their individualist culture counterparts <ref type="bibr" coords="7,209.30,476.25,84.26,7.54" target="#b14">(Kacen and Lee, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,42.52,486.68,41.78,7.54" target="#b12">Gong, 2003)</ref>. An alternative explanation for this finding may come from the view that limited financial resources available to Chinese consumers may have shaped their more price/value-conscious purchase orientation and such an orientation could easily have been inculcated into the buying behavior of their children. The finding indicating that Chinese-Canadian children feel more confused by overchoice in the market appears to be consistent with rather than contradicting the earlier result indicating a greater utilitarian orientation in their decision making styles in the sense that confusion is more likely to occur when children engage in more deliberate and extensive information processing in a purchase situation.</p><p>The final socialization issue investigated was children's influence in family purchase decisions. A significant difference was observed only for the adolescent 'convenience' product category; Chinese-Canadian children exercised greater purchase influence than their Caucasian-Canadian counterparts for this product category. A close look at the combined results for H3a and H3b shows that for both Chinese-Canadian as well as Caucasian-Canadian children, the mean influence level increases from the adolescent 'convenience' product purchase situations to the adolescent 'durable' product purchase situations, and that the increase is greater for the Caucasian-Canadian children (from M = 3.37 to M = 3.65 for Chinese-Canadian children vs. from M = 3.11 to M = 3.80 for Caucasian-Canadian children). A notable point revealed by these results involves the high levels of influence Chinese-Canadian children exert in family purchase decisions, particularly those involving adolescent 'durable' category. The last few decades in China saw a fundamental change in the way that children's consumption was decided. Children play an increasingly important role in the family's purchase decision-making. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,517.66,89.15,43.89,7.54" target="#b44">Ying (2003)</ref> points out factors behind the rapidly increasing children's purchase influence in Chinese families. First, with the widespread improvement in the standard of living, people pay more attention to their children's education. Second, since the implementation of the one-child policy, the family lifestyle centering on the child has become the focus of family consumption. Lastly, a majority of parents experienced deprivation of basic necessities, but with the improvement in the standard of living, they hope their children could enjoy what they could not in their childhoods.</p><p>An issue of potential interest in the area of cross-cultural consumer socialization that stems from this study involves the effect of acculturation on children's socialization process. Acculturation refers to the acquisition of host cultural traits <ref type="bibr" coords="7,426.84,225.16,72.00,7.54" target="#b17">(Laroche et al., 1996)</ref>, and as Chinese-Canadian children achieve a greater degree of acculturation toward the mainstream society (largely, the English-Canadian culture), they are expected to learn consumption-related attitudes and behaviors that more closely approximate those held by the children of the dominant culture. In an exploratory investigation, the Chinese-Canadian children's sample was split into two groups based on the length of residence in Canada and compared on two sets of socialization outcome variables, namely, consumer decision-making styles and their influence in family purchase decisions.</p><p>Results revealed a significant difference on only two of the eight consumer decision-making variables and none of the two purchase influence variables. Specifically, the group with a longer residence in Canada showed a significantly lower mean score on brand status consciousness and impulsiveness. However, when the mean values of Caucasian-Canadian children on these two decision-making styles are brought in for comparison, it became clear that the relationship between acculturation and the display of these decision-making styles may be more complex than that of a simple linear nature. Compared to Caucasian-Canadian children and their less acculturated counterparts, more acculturated Chinese-Canadian children exhibit the lowest levels of brand status consciousness and impulsive buying orientation. These exploratory results appear counterintuitive and suggest a need for future research aimed at understanding the impact of acculturation on children's socialization process, be that in the Chinese subculture or other ethnic minorities in North America.</p><p>As with most studies, this study has limitations that call for caveats in generalizing the findings to a wider context. First, an important concern in cross-cultural research involves equivalence of samples drawn from different cultures on key demographic features. There is much uncertainty particularly about the similarities of the two children samples employed in this study in terms of their parental and family background characteristics. Also, the Caucasian-Canadian children sample came from the Atlantic region of Canada that may not be representative demographically or even culturally of the ethnically diverse Caucasian-Canadian population in general. In addition, reliance on children's perspective alone in capturing dimensions and processes relating to consumer socialization may be inadequate. Children's consumer socialization encompasses interactive and dynamic family processes in which both children themselves as well as parents play key roles. Future studies should look for ways to incorporate measurement approaches utilizing multiple-informant perspectives. Lastly, as mentioned before, cross-cultural investigations of consumer socialization, especially those involving Chinese children's consumer socialization, face a wide range of significant issues warranting attention. Some of these issues involve parenting styles, parent-child communication about consumption matters, parental mediation in children's TV viewing or other consumption/purchase-related activities and their linkages with children's socialization outcome variables such as consumption/purchase autonomy, decision-making styles, attitudes toward advertising, and influence and participation in family purchase processes.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="5,42.52,58.07,519.55,686.91"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Results of factor analysis: children's influence in purchase decisions. Results of MANCOVA/ANCOVA comparing Chinese-Canadian and Caucasian-Canadian children on parental communication orientations, consumer decision-making styles, and influences in family purchase decisions. Mean S.D. Mean S.D.</figDesc><table coords="5,42.52,81.32,519.47,663.67">Factor 
Purchase decision 
Factor 
loading 

Adolescent 'durable' products 
(α = .83; M = 3.78) 

Athletic shoes or sneakers for the child 
.81 
Music CDs or DVDs for this child 
.76 
Clothes for the child 
.75 
An MP3 player for the child 
.75 
The bicycle for the child 
.73 
Books for this child 
.52 
Adolescent 'convenience' products 
(α = .83; M = 3.16) 

Snacks for the child 
.80 
Breakfast cereal for the child 
.80 
Toothpaste for the child 
.80 
Soft drinks for the child 
.77 
Shampoo for the child 
.66 

Table 3 
Variable 
Chinese-
Canadian 

Caucasian-
Canadian 

Multivariate 
F-value 

Univariate 
F-value 

p 

Parental communication 
orientations-socio-
orientation: 

11.83 
.00 

Father's socio-
orientation 

2.58 
.80 2.16 
98 
12.08 
.00 

Mother's socio-
orientation 

3.26 
.83 2.65 
.95 
20.05 
.00 

Concept-orientation: 
1.53 
.22 
Father's concept-
orientation 

2.54 
.74 2.44 
.86 
.48 
. 49 

Mother's concept-
orientation 

2.93 
.70 2.99 
.79 
1.10 
.35 

Consumer decision-
making styles with 
utilitarian orientation: 

10.48 
.00 

Careful and deliberate 
decision-making 

3.84 
.83 3.43 
1.02 
15.61 
.00 

Well-informed 
decision-making 

3.37 
.85 3.43 
.85 
.01 
.92 

Learning from 
product labels 

3.38 
.90 2.94 
1.01 
16.24 
.00 

Social/conspicuous 
orientation: 

10.70 
.00 

Perfection or high-qual. 
consciousness 

3.66 
.79 3.63 
.92 
.44 
.51 

Rec. or hedonistic 
shopping orientation 

2.84 
1.24 3.44 
1.28 
17.23 
.00 

Brand status 
consciousness 

2.69 
.90 3.05 
.98 
11.45 
.00 

Undesirable orientation a 
Confused by overchoice 
2.92 
.97 2.58 
.90 
10.00 
.00 
Impulsiveness 
2.57 
.94 2.79 
.93 
4.04 
.05 
Influence in family 
purchase decisions a 
Adolescent 'durable' 
products 

3.65 
.66 3.80 
.92 
.04 
.84 

Adolescent 
'convenience' products 

3.37 
.83 3.11 
1.10 
6.64 
.01 

a Multivariate F-values and probabilities are not available because univariate 

ANCOVA was run for each variable in the group. 
</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,107.51,251.04,6.03;8,45.69,115.45,105.30,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Can culture affect prices? A cross-cultural study of shopping and retail prices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Ackerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Tellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Retail</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,123.44,251.03,6.03;8,45.69,131.38,153.78,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Face consciousness and risk aversion: do they affect consumer decision-making?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Bao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Su</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychol Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="733" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,139.37,251.03,6.03;8,45.69,147.36,76.28,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental style and consumer socialization of children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Carlson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Grossbart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="1988-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,155.30,251.03,6.03;8,45.69,163.29,152.59,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mothers&apos; communication orientation and consumer socialization tendencies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Carlson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Grossbart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Walsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Advert</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,171.23,251.06,6.03;8,45.69,179.23,239.08,6.03;8,45.69,187.22,30.92,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of parental socialization types on different family communication patterns regarding consumption</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Carlson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Grossbart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Stuenkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,195.16,251.03,6.03;8,45.69,203.15,78.09,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental influences on adolescent media use</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chaffee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mccleod</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Atkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Behav Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="363" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,211.09,251.06,6.03;8,45.70,219.08,132.46,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parent-child communications about consumption and advertising in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">U</forename><surname>Mcneal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="317" to="351" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,227.02,251.02,6.03;8,45.70,235.01,156.95,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chinese and European-American cultural models of the self reflected in mothers&apos; child-rearing beliefs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethos</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="328" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,243.00,251.10,6.03;8,45.70,250.94,239.08,6.03;8,45.70,258.93,106.34,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The parenting of immigrant Chinese and European American mothers: relations between parenting styles, socialization goals, and parenting practices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Dev Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="281" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,266.87,251.11,6.03;8,45.70,274.86,239.10,6.03;8,45.70,282.86,34.25,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental warmth, control, and indulgence and their relations to adjustment in Chinese children: a longitudinal study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Fam Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="401" to="420" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,290.79,251.00,6.03;8,45.70,298.79,239.10,6.03;8,45.70,306.73,34.61,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The values and lifestyles of idiocentrics and allocentrics in an individualist culture: a descriptive approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dutta-Bergman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wells</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,314.72,251.06,6.03;8,45.70,322.71,58.47,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumer decision making styles of young-adult Chinese</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Fan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Xiao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Aff</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="275" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,330.65,251.07,6.03;8,45.70,338.64,100.88,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chinese consumer behavior: a cultural framework and implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Gong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Acad Bus</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,346.58,251.05,6.03;8,45.70,354.57,239.04,6.03;8,45.70,362.51,34.49,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumer decision-making styles: comparisons between United States and Korean young consumers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hafstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Aff</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="146" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,370.50,251.03,6.03;8,45.70,378.50,111.58,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of culture on consumer impulsive buying behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kacen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,386.43,251.06,6.03;8,45.70,394.43,234.79,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural difference in child rearing: a comparison of immigrant Chinese and Caucasian American mothers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H-M</forename><surname>Tseng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Cross-Cult Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="444" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,402.36,251.08,6.03;8,45.70,410.36,137.52,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-cultural consumer values, needs and purchase behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-O</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Forsythe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Gu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Moon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="502" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,418.35,251.10,6.03;8,45.70,426.29,116.09,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical study of multidimensional ethnic change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Laroche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Joy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Cross-Cult Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="114" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,434.28,251.08,6.03;8,45.70,442.22,216.31,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How culture matters in children&apos;s purchase influence: a multi-level investigation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Laroche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M-O</forename><surname>Richard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Acad Mark Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="139" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,450.21,251.05,6.03;8,45.70,458.15,239.08,6.03;8,45.70,466.14,101.69,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship among perceived parental control, warmth, indulgence, and the family harmony of Chinese in Mainland China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wjf</forename><surname>Lew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cheung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Berndt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Dev Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="674" to="681" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,33.73,474.14,251.05,6.03;8,45.70,482.07,78.62,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Socialization and adolescents&apos; skepticism toward advertising</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mangleburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bristol</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Advert</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,56.48,251.04,6.03;8,313.68,64.48,221.07,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Socialization, gender, and adolescent&apos;s self-reports of their generalized use of product labels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mangleburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bristol</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Aff</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,72.42,251.04,6.03;8,313.68,80.41,121.18,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture and the self: implications for cognition, emotion, and motivation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychol Bull</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="224" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,88.35,251.01,6.03;8,313.68,96.34,191.51,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The construction of social reality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcleod</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chaffee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Tedeschi JT</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
			<publisher>The Social Influence Process</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="59" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago; Aldine-Atherton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,104.28,251.01,6.03;8,313.68,112.27,52.14,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">UK consumer decision-making styles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Bates</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Mark Manage</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="199" to="225" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,120.26,250.96,6.03;8,313.68,128.20,165.27,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of family communication on adolescent consumer socialization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Moschis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Consum Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="314" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,136.20,251.01,6.03;8,313.68,144.13,207.48,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationships between family communication and consumer activities of adolescents: an exploratory study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Palan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Acad Mark Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="338" to="387" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,152.13,251.08,6.03;8,313.68,160.12,117.13,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What&apos;s in a name? An empirical comparison of Chinese and Western brand names</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Pan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Asian J Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,168.06,251.06,6.03;8,313.68,176.05,133.25,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family communication patterns: an epistemic analysis and conceptual interpretation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Commun Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="548" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,183.99,251.09,6.03;8,313.68,191.98,108.59,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Advertising and children: a cross-cultural study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Robertson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ward</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Gatignon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Klees</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Commun Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="459" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,199.97,251.01,6.03;8,313.68,207.91,159.63,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumer socialization, parental style, and developmental timetables in the United States and Japan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="124" />
			<date type="published" when="1999-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,215.90,251.05,6.03;8,313.68,223.84,239.06,6.03;8,313.68,231.83,54.62,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of family communication patterns on parental reactions toward advertising: a cross-national examination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Boush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Kahle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Advert</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,239.77,251.08,6.03;8,313.68,247.76,199.90,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family communication and children&apos;s purchasing influence: a cross-national examination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Boush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Shoham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="867" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,255.66,250.98,6.38;8,313.68,263.70,239.08,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A five-nation study of developmental timetables, reciprocal communication and consumer socialization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Dalakas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Kropp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="943" to="952" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,271.69,250.97,6.03;8,313.68,279.63,135.75,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adolescent consumer decision-making styles: the consumer socialization perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Shim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychol Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="547" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,287.62,251.10,6.03;8,313.68,295.61,98.16,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A methodology for profiling consumers&apos; decision-making styles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Sproles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kendall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Aff</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,303.55,251.06,6.03;8,313.68,311.54,239.04,6.03;8,313.68,319.48,33.32,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Values and lifestyles of individualists and collectivists: a study on Chinese, Japanese, British, and US consumers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Horn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Merritt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="318" to="349" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,327.47,251.05,6.03;8,313.68,335.41,94.76,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">German consumer decision-making styles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Walsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V-W</forename><surname>Mitchel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Henning-Thurau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Consum Aff</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,343.40,251.04,6.03;8,313.68,351.40,174.13,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumer decision-making styles on domestic and imported brand clothing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C-L</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nym</forename><surname>Siu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Asy</forename><surname>Hui</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Mark</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1/2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,359.33,251.07,6.03;8,313.68,367.33,239.10,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adolescent influence in family purchase decisions: an update and cross-national extension</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Holloway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Beatty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Bus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1117" to="1141" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,375.27,251.02,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Chinese family business enterprise</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Weidenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Calif Manage Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="141" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,383.26,251.03,6.03;8,313.68,391.25,77.20,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conservative protestant childrearing: authoritarian or authoritative?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Wilcox</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Soc Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="796" to="809" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,399.19,251.01,6.03;8,313.68,407.18,239.08,6.03;8,313.68,415.12,227.71,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Parental control: psychocultural interpretations of Chinese patterns of socialization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dyh</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Lau S</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Chinese University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="28" />
			<pubPlace>Hong Kong</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Growing Up The Chinese Way: Chinese Child and Adolescent Development</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,423.11,251.04,6.03;8,313.68,431.05,178.91,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mainland Chinese parenting styles and parent-child interaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jam</forename><surname>Farver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Zeng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Yu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Cai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Behav Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="524" to="555" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,439.05,251.04,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consumption patterns of Chinese children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ying</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Fam Econ Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="382" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,447.04,191.78,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Chinese way with money</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="7" />
			<pubPlace>Shanghai Star</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,301.72,454.98,251.02,6.03;8,313.68,462.97,134.16,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family communication patterns and conflict styles in Chinese parent-child relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Commun Q</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
