<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Why Seeking Help From Teammates Is a Blessing and a Curse: A Theory of Help Seeking and Individual Creativity in Team Contexts</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dishan</forename><surname>Kamdar</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pennsylvania</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Indian School of Business</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Management</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Organizational Behavior</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">Indian School of Business, Gachibowli</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Penn</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>-sylvania; Dishan Kamdar</addrLine>
									<region>Hyderabad</region>
									<country key="IN">India</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pennsylvania</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>3620 Locust Walk, Suite 3014 SHDH</addrLine>
									<postCode>19104</postCode>
									<settlement>Philadelphia</settlement>
									<region>PA</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Why Seeking Help From Teammates Is a Blessing and a Curse: A Theory of Help Seeking and Individual Creativity in Team Contexts</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0021574</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:11+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>creativity</term>
					<term>help seeking</term>
					<term>help giving</term>
					<term>intrinsic motivation</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Research has not explored the extent to which seeking help from teammates positively relates to a person's own creativity. This question is important to explore as help seeking is commonly enacted in organizations and may come with reciprocation costs that may also diminish creativity. Results based on 291 employees in a single division of a large multinational organization revealed that seeking help predicted creativity and mediated the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity. However, help seekers also incurred reciprocation costs in that they tended to give more help to teammates, and giving help to teammates was negatively related to creativity. In general, giving higher levels of help attenuated the positive relationship between help seeking and creativity. We also tested an integrated model to show that help giving moderated the mediated relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity via help seeking, such that higher levels of help giving attenuated this mediated effect. We discuss theoretical and practical implications recommending additional research regarding the interpersonal creative process in team contexts.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Creativity, defined as the production of novel and useful ideas, fuels innovation, thereby promoting competitive advantage as well as organizational renewal <ref type="bibr" coords="1,146.34,373.85,60.37,8.10" target="#b2">(Amabile, 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,210.33,373.85,49.73,8.10" target="#b65">Kanter, 1988)</ref>. Ironically, however, the process of developing creative ideas necessitates that creative actors fail often <ref type="bibr" coords="1,185.91,395.85,60.33,8.10" target="#b43">(Fleming, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,250.81,395.85,37.26,8.10;1,48.00,406.85,21.00,8.10" target="#b100">Simonton, 1984)</ref> and embrace uncertainty about when and if they will find a creative solution <ref type="bibr" coords="1,112.21,417.85,61.09,8.10" target="#b74">(Metcalfe, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,176.66,417.85,94.17,8.10" target="#b75">Metcalfe &amp; Wiebe, 1987)</ref>. To mitigate the failure and uncertainty that often accompany creative problem solving, modern organizations have increasingly placed creative actors in team contexts (S. G. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,199.35,450.85,88.70,8.10" target="#b27">Cohen &amp; Bailey, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,48.00,461.85,102.03,8.10" target="#b107">Stevens &amp; Campion, 1994)</ref>, structures theorized to support the ability for creative actors to seek the help they need <ref type="bibr" coords="1,251.81,472.85,36.24,8.10;1,48.00,483.85,19.37,8.10" target="#b3">(Amabile, 1996)</ref>. Indeed, research suggests that help seeking, one person's request for resources from another, is one of the most frequently enacted creative problem-solving strategies employed in group contexts <ref type="bibr" coords="1,81.08,516.85,103.85,8.10" target="#b61">(Hargadon &amp; Bechky, 2006)</ref>. Interestingly, however, no research to date has explored how this pervasive behavior, help seeking, relates to a person's own creativity.</p><p>The creativity literature has amassed an impressive amount of evidence showing that help seeking positively relates to creativity but has focused on help seeking as a group-level process and how this process influences group-level creativity. Specifically, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,521.10,351.85,20.82,8.10;1,306.00,363.20,84.51,8.10" target="#b61">Hargadon and Bechky (2006)</ref> noted that groups with strong help-seeking norms performed more creatively. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,430.15,374.56,51.47,8.10" target="#b109">Taggar (2002)</ref> found that grouplevel averages of all types of different proactive behaviors enacted in teams (including, but not limited to, help seeking) related positively to group creativity. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,414.16,408.61,131.90,8.10;1,306.00,419.97,51.94,8.10" target="#b6">Amabile, Conti, Coon, Lazenby, and Herron (1996)</ref> showed that work groups with high levels of workgroup supports-an overall work environment variable that encompasses norms for help seeking-tended to perform more creatively. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,335.23,454.01,103.42,8.10" target="#b108">Sutton and Hargadon (1996)</ref> noted that help seeking often occurred during successful group brainstorming tasks. Given the pervasive evidence that help seeking as a group-level process positively relates to group creativity, research might assume that help seeking at the individual level should also positively relate to creativity.</p><p>However, a closer examination at the literature on help seeking in addition to the theory of creativity at the individual level sheds considerable doubt on whether help seeking does indeed facilitate a person's own creativity. Indeed, network theory and empirical research suggest that seeking help from others one interacts with frequently (as comembership in a team structure might imply) should diminish a person's own creativity by exposing him or her to redundant information <ref type="bibr" coords="1,397.84,601.44,71.87,8.10" target="#b86">(Perry-Smith, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,471.82,601.44,70.43,8.10;1,306.00,612.78,35.35,8.10" target="#b87">Perry-Smith &amp; Shalley, 2003)</ref>. In addition, individual-level help seeking may involve interpersonal costs-seekers need to reciprocate help <ref type="bibr" coords="1,507.32,624.13,38.74,8.10;1,306.00,635.47,19.42,8.10" target="#b18">(Bergeron, 2007</ref>)-a cost that is not apparent when focusing on help seeking at the group level <ref type="bibr" coords="1,371.83,646.81,61.57,8.10" target="#b60">(Hackman, 2003)</ref>. We propose that the interpersonal cost experienced by creative actors is important to consider because it can have negative implications for creativity. Specifically, in the current investigation, we show that help seeking incurs the price of help giving and explain why giving help during creative problem solving is particularly detrimental to one's own creative output.</p><p>In sum, the question of whether and how help seeking relates to individual-level creativity is a complex one that research has not yet answered. To fill this gap, we integrate the literature on help seeking, help giving, and individual-level creativity to expand each. First, combining research on help seeking and creativity answers a recent call for research to expand what is known about how interpersonal relationships influence creativity at the individual level <ref type="bibr" coords="2,83.82,153.85,55.90,8.10" target="#b48">(George, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,143.39,153.85,111.75,8.10" target="#b87">Perry-Smith &amp; Shalley, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,258.80,153.85,29.25,8.10;2,48.00,164.85,87.15,8.10" target="#b98">Shalley, Zhou, &amp; Oldham, 2004)</ref>. Currently, the theory of individual-level creativity tends to focus more on intrapsychic processes (e.g., cognitions, felt emotions) rather than on interpersonal processes like help seeking. For example, the intrinsic motivation principle states that a person's own feelings of enjoyment and challenge promote creativity because they stimulate cognitions believed to promote creative outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="2,149.08,230.85,58.32,8.10" target="#b3">(Amabile, 1996)</ref>. In the current investigation, we infuse the intrinsic motivation principle with an interpersonal perspective by providing theory and evidence to suggest that intrinsic motivation can propel creative actors to engage in relational activities like seeking help. Second, our integration answers a call to broaden the understanding of the ways in which intrinsic motivation relates to creativity as some research has failed to find a positive relationship (cf. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,184.62,307.85,52.76,8.10" target="#b48">George, 2007)</ref>. Our results suggest that in group contexts, help-seeking behaviors partially mediate the relationship between intrinsic motivation and an individual's creativity. Third, exploring individual-level help-seeking behaviors during the creative process allows us to identify interpersonal costs that are not apparent when focusing on intrapsychic creative processes or group-level help seeking. Fourth, these interpersonal costs are important to explore because they may reduce creativity, a view that expands the help-seeking literature, which tends not to link interpersonal costs with actual performance-related outcomes. In sum, we expand the theory of individual-level creativity by adapting this theory to better reflect the interpersonal costs and benefits individuals prominently encounter when using creative problem solving in groups. To test our model of help seeking and creativity, we employed field data from 291 employees within 55 teams, tasked with finding new and improved ways to increase efficiency and productivity in an oil refinery.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theory and Hypotheses</head><p>Although the empirical exploration of the help-seeking and creativity relationship is relatively recent, help-seeking behaviors are indirectly implicated by classical theory describing the creative process. The creative process occurs when individuals gather and then use information to arrive at a creative outcome. Specifically, building upon <ref type="bibr" coords="2,100.34,593.85,51.15,8.10" target="#b114">Wallas (1926)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="2,168.81,593.85,56.16,8.10" target="#b83">Nystrom (1979)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,230.89,593.85,57.15,8.10" target="#b3">Amabile (1996)</ref> identified several cognitive and behavioral activities that creative actors engage in during creative problem solving. This taxonomy includes the search for information related to the problem. Theory suggests that greater information-seeking efforts will yield a broader base of information that a person can then use to combine in novel and useful ways. Amabile's theory of creative cognition indicates that the thoughts and behaviors experienced by creative actors are the most proximal predictors of creative outcomes.</p><p>We focused exclusively on help seeking from teammates during creative problem solving (as opposed to help seeking broadly defined); this integrates a novel perspective into <ref type="bibr" coords="2,224.20,714.85,63.88,8.10" target="#b3">Amabile's (1996)</ref> theory of creative processes. Specifically, help seeking is a specific type of information-seeking behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="2,444.83,87.85,40.95,8.10" target="#b70">(Lee, 1997)</ref>. However, help seeking is particularly relevant to team contexts because seeking help is inherently interpersonal and visible, as it necessitates a request for help from another person <ref type="bibr" coords="2,440.32,120.85,92.05,8.10" target="#b32">(DePaulo &amp; Fisher, 1980)</ref>. In contrast, information seeking and even feedback seeking, which is also a type of information seeking <ref type="bibr" coords="2,436.32,142.85,105.74,8.10;2,306.00,153.85,87.75,8.10" target="#b112">(VandeWalle, Ganesan, Challagalla, &amp; Brown, 2000)</ref>, can occur without interpersonal interaction (e.g., observing a conversation or browsing the Internet). In addition, unlike information seeking and feedback seeking, both of which can theoretically occur even in the face of a seeker's successful outcome, we propose that help seeking during creative problem solving requires seekers to view the prior way of framing or thinking about the problem as flawed. This view is consistent with the help-seeking literature, which proposes that seeking help requires seekers to view that they are attempting to overcome difficulties or problems <ref type="bibr" coords="2,400.17,252.85,100.43,8.10" target="#b32">(DePaulo &amp; Fisher, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,505.33,252.85,36.67,8.10" target="#b70">Lee, 1997</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.00,263.85,16.20,8.10" target="#b71">Lee, , 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,328.48,263.85,16.40,8.10" target="#b72">Lee, , 2002</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,351.22,263.85,82.81,8.10" target="#b113">Vogel &amp; Wester, 2003)</ref>. Hence, in a feedback-seeking paradigm, an employee may ask for confirmation that his or her existing idea is correct. In contrast, we focused on instances when seekers request assistance because they perceive that the prior way of solving the problem is inadequate to generate a creative solution.</p><p>A focus on help seeking from teammates during creative problem solving is important because it provides a mechanism to explain how actors might harness the creative resources available in the form of other teammates' perspectives and knowledge. Ironically, this is because help seeking involves the seekers' view that prior creative problem-solving attempts were either unsuccessful or inadequate. Prior theory of creative processing suggests that two conditions are necessary for creativity to emerge. Greater exposure to different ideas may provide seekers with a higher likelihood of combining different ideas and creating something new, but this is only true if seekers are open to integrating the information <ref type="bibr" coords="2,352.29,450.84,59.41,8.10" target="#b3">(Amabile, 1996)</ref>. In other words, mere exposure to information is necessary but insufficient to ensure a creative actor actually uses the information. This is because, during creative problem-solving efforts, creative actors solve problems using problem representations, mental structures that people develop to help simplify problem-solving efforts <ref type="bibr" coords="2,446.11,505.84,99.95,8.10" target="#b28">(Cronin &amp; Weingart, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.00,516.84,93.50,8.10" target="#b64">Jones &amp; Schkade, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,403.93,516.84,91.38,8.10" target="#b80">Newell &amp; Simon, 1972)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,503.61,516.84,42.42,8.10;2,306.00,527.84,60.07,8.10" target="#b28">Cronin and Weingart (2007)</ref> suggested that problem representations can blind people to ways of thinking about the problem outside of their own representation because the representation helps guide the seeker to efficiently integrate information deemed useful and relevant to the problem. This view is consistent with research on the confirmation bias, which suggests that actors will naturally seek out information that tends to confirm their existing biases and beliefs about a given problem <ref type="bibr" coords="2,338.51,604.84,65.25,8.10" target="#b82">(Nickerson, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,406.27,604.84,49.13,8.10">Wason, 1960)</ref>. However, the theory of cognitive representations suggests that even if seekers are exposed to information outside their representation (e.g., a mathematician exposed to a concept used in biology), they will have a lower likelihood of integrating this information unless they view their current representation of the problem as flawed or incomplete.</p><p>When seeking help, seekers are more likely to approach creative problem solving with the view that they need help; the past way of representing the problem was flawed, was incorrect, or failed to generate a solution. This allows seekers greater probability of being open to new and different perspectives, thereby breaking perceptual sets and performance scripts that dominate much of general problem solving and diminish creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,225.83,87.93,58.34,8.10" target="#b2">(Amabile, 1988)</ref>. In addition, seeking help may cue recipients of the request to approach the problem differently than the seeker has and to divulge information that they expect the seeker might not know. This is because help requests are interpreted by the request recipient to imply that the prior strategy used to solve the problem is flawed or incomplete <ref type="bibr" coords="3,92.17,154.41,89.28,8.10" target="#b20">(Bohns &amp; Flynn, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,185.62,154.41,39.29,8.10" target="#b72">Lee, 2002)</ref>, so, rather than confirming the prior strategy, help-request recipients are prompted to divulge different and new ways of solving the problem. This is especially important in team contexts where group pressures to divulge information common to both parties is particularly high <ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,209.81,143.31,8.10" target="#b102">(Stasser, Stewart, &amp; Wittenbaum, 1995)</ref>. In this way, help seeking should aid individual creativity by allowing the individual greater likelihood of accessing as well as integrating different ideas and perspectives held by teammates.</p><p>Hypothesis 1: Seeking help from teammates during creative problem solving positively relates to individual-level creativity.</p><p>The literature regarding help seeking can inform the theory describing the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity in team contexts. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,145.08,327.47,65.82,8.10" target="#b3">Amabile's (1996)</ref> intrinsic motivation principle of creativity explains that intrinsic motivation facilitates creativity because it directly increases engagement in the creative process, including search behaviors. This is because intrinsic motivation propels creative actors to feel greater curiosity, enjoyment, and challenge about a given problem <ref type="bibr" coords="3,187.35,382.81,59.72,8.10" target="#b3">(Amabile, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,250.06,382.81,34.20,8.10;3,48.00,393.88,52.08,8.10" target="#b29">Csikszentmihalyi, 1997)</ref>. This causes creative actors to expend extra effort to engage in search behaviors as opposed to simply using the most accessible or direct pathway to the goal. In addition, because creativity is associated with a high failure rate <ref type="bibr" coords="3,228.49,427.09,59.57,8.10" target="#b43">(Fleming, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,438.15,60.47,8.10" target="#b100">Simonton, 1984)</ref>, people who enjoy and feel challenged by the work will persist in light of setbacks or difficulties. Hence, intrinsically motivated actors may persist by seeking help in light of failure as opposed to less intrinsically motivated actors, who may discontinue creative problem-solving efforts subsequent to failure.</p><p>The help-seeking literature has also shown that when actors seek help, they face a higher likelihood that observers will view them as lacking competence; seeking help implies dependence on the help giver and an inability to achieve the task alone <ref type="bibr" coords="3,223.12,526.70,37.79,8.10" target="#b70">(Lee, 1997</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,267.80,526.70,16.20,8.10" target="#b71">(Lee, , 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,537.77,15.50,8.10" target="#b72">(Lee, , 2002</ref>. In addition, research has also shown that employees are aware of the competence costs incurred when seeking help <ref type="bibr" coords="3,268.05,548.84,15.99,8.10;3,48.00,559.90,98.45,8.10" target="#b63">(Hofmann, Lei, &amp; Grant, 2009)</ref>, as certain groups of employees seek help less frequently than they might need <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.85,570.97,40.52,8.10" target="#b70">(Lee, 1997)</ref>. The feeling of enjoyment and challenge in the work may be a critical lever explaining why employees would willingly pay the perceived competence cost of seeking help. Indeed, self-determination theory suggests that, rather than simply focusing on avoiding punishment or drive reduction, people are naturally inclined toward engaging in activities that promote growth <ref type="bibr" coords="3,179.86,637.38,81.63,8.10" target="#b30">(Deci &amp; Ryan, 1985)</ref>. Such activities can take the form of an increased interest in and exploration of a specific content domain but may also involve a person's inclination to build a sense of belonging and relatedness with others <ref type="bibr" coords="3,74.79,681.66,82.01,8.10" target="#b94">(Ryan &amp; Deci, 2000)</ref>. Self-determination theory would explain that, even in the face of potential costs, creative actors would still engage in creative problem solving in the form of help-seeking behaviors if they felt a sense of interest and enjoy-ment in the work. While seeking help from teammates may be a particularly important mechanism explaining why intrinsic motivation relates to creativity in team context, we acknowledge that help seeking is not the only means through which intrinsic motivation relates to creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,401.25,120.86,131.38,8.10" target="#b93">(Ruscio, Whitney, &amp; Amabile, 1998)</ref>. In sum, we integrate the intrinsic motivation principle with helpseeking literature and propose that in team contexts, help-seeking behaviors partially explain why intrinsic motivation relates to creativity.</p><p>Hypothesis 2: Seeking help from teammates during creative problem solving partially mediates the relationship between intrinsic motivation and individual-level creativity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Interpersonal Costs of Seeking Help</head><p>Research and theory provide compelling evidence that seeking help increases the extent to which seekers reciprocate by giving help <ref type="bibr" coords="3,323.59,274.35,106.63,8.10" target="#b24">(Clark, Gotay, &amp; Mills, 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,432.31,274.35,88.38,8.10" target="#b26">S. Cohen &amp; Wills, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,522.79,274.35,23.26,8.10;3,306.00,285.35,141.45,8.10" target="#b46">Flynn, Reagans, Amanatullah, &amp; Ames, 2006)</ref>. Sociological research has identified that most social relations are defined by norms for reciprocity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,348.28,307.35,46.04,8.10" target="#b19">(Blau, 1964;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,397.62,307.35,58.04,8.10" target="#b41">Emerson, 1976;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,458.96,307.35,58.91,8.10" target="#b56">Gouldner, 1960)</ref>. Additionally, prominent theories of relationship formation note that relationships are characterized by interdependence that involves some type of give and take <ref type="bibr" coords="3,415.05,340.35,130.97,8.10" target="#b92">(Reis, Collins, &amp; Berscheid, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,351.35,92.64,8.10" target="#b110">Thibaut &amp; Kelley, 1959)</ref>. In exchange relationships most commonly found among peers in organizational settings <ref type="bibr" coords="3,511.48,362.35,34.57,8.10;3,306.00,373.35,43.03,8.10" target="#b25">(Clark &amp; Mills, 1993)</ref>, norms for reciprocity are dictated by relatively equal exchange with appropriate delay <ref type="bibr" coords="3,435.51,384.35,48.88,8.10" target="#b42">(Fiske, 1992)</ref>. Helping is an exchange resource (S. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,386.94,395.35,78.98,8.10" target="#b26">Cohen &amp; Wills, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,467.99,395.35,64.10,8.10" target="#b46">Flynn et al., 2006)</ref>, so giving help comes with the expectation of some future reciprocation, unless giving help repays a past helping debt <ref type="bibr" coords="3,493.67,417.35,48.50,8.10" target="#b85">(Parris, 2003)</ref>. Social exchange theory proposes that individuals will more likely give help if helping another will result in some type of payoff <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,450.35,60.48,8.10" target="#b41">(Emerson, 1976)</ref>. Thus, asking for help provides a person with resources but requires that askers reciprocate somethingotherwise, askers risk the possibility that their help requests will remain unfilled as teammates may see little personal gain in filling them <ref type="bibr" coords="3,326.87,494.35,40.98,8.10" target="#b70">(Lee, 1997)</ref>. Indeed, one study showed that helping another ensured that future help-seeking attempts were fulfilled <ref type="bibr" coords="3,520.08,505.35,22.28,8.10;3,306.00,516.35,125.21,8.10" target="#b38">(Eisenberger, Cotterell, &amp; Marvel, 1987)</ref>. We propose that help seekers often reciprocate by helping others on the team as this will increase their ability to gain the resources they need when sought.</p><p>Hypothesis 3: Seeking help from teammates during creative problem solving positively relates to individual-level help giving during creative problem solving.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>How Reciprocation Costs Relate to Creative Performance</head><p>Helping teammates is a necessary cost of seeking help, as helping allows seekers to meet basic social obligations and ensure that help-seeking requests are fulfilled. However, reciprocation costs of helping may also contribute to performance costs as well. Evidence suggests that giving help can reduce a team member's own performance <ref type="bibr" coords="3,372.60,692.85,74.92,8.10" target="#b14">(Barnes et al., 2008)</ref> because the act of helping can diminish the amount of time and energy a person has to devote to his or her own tasks <ref type="bibr" coords="3,401.08,714.85,62.29,8.10" target="#b18">(Bergeron, 2007)</ref>. In addition, helping diminishes the perception that one has time to achieve creative goals <ref type="bibr" coords="4,70.76,87.93,96.11,8.10" target="#b21">(Bolino &amp; Turnley, 2005)</ref>; this may further diminish creativity as empirical evidence shows that extremely high time pressure negatively influences creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="4,196.66,110.09,91.40,8.10" target="#b5">(Amabile &amp; Conti, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,178.29,121.17,82.68,8.10" target="#b13">Baer &amp; Oldham, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,263.28,121.17,24.75,8.10;4,48.00,132.25,111.95,8.10" target="#b23">Byron, Khazanchi, &amp; Nazarian, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,162.95,132.25,74.35,8.10" target="#b76">Mueller et al., 2002)</ref>.</p><p>One additional reason why giving help might diminish a person's own creativity involves the way helpers approach creative problem solving during the act of helping. To reiterate, creative problem-solving theory indicates that the extent to which creative actors combine divergent pieces of information increases the likelihood of arriving at a novel solution. However, if activities occur in an actor's environment to reinforce a person's worldview, the person will experience less likelihood of viewing divergent information as relevant to a given problem. This view is consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="4,66.96,243.05,110.84,8.10" target="#b28">Cronin and Weingart's (2007)</ref> idea that people are naturally resistant to changing their problem representation, and this tendency is magnified if people encounter situations that reinforce their problem representation. We propose that helping others serves to validate the helpers' own problem representations as more accurate or better than the person whom they help. This is because the social dynamics of helping another promote the perception that the person receiving help is less competent in the given domain than the helper and dependent upon the helper <ref type="bibr" coords="4,269.29,331.61,18.74,8.10;4,48.00,342.68,19.37,8.10" target="#b72">(Lee, 2002)</ref>. Moreover, helping others does not require that helpers question their own problem representations or views of the problem but instead requires them to use their existing worldview to improve upon seekers' clearly less valid way of viewing the problem. Hence, while helpers are exposed to seekers' ideas and thoughts about a given problem, helpers do not absorb seekers' perspectives because helpers view these perspectives and solutions as inferior to their own.</p><p>In sum, we propose that a certain amount of helping is necessary to meet basic social obligations to ensure help-seeking requests are fulfilled <ref type="bibr" coords="4,81.01,453.36,49.64,8.10" target="#b44">(Flynn, 2003)</ref>. However, controlling for help received, helping negatively relates to a person's own ability to perform creatively. Hence, we hypothesize the following:</p><p>Hypothesis 4: Controlling for help received, helping teammates during creative problem solving negatively relates to individual-level creativity.</p><p>Resource allocation theory notes that the time and energy a person has are finite <ref type="bibr" coords="4,125.01,548.84,52.87,8.10" target="#b17">(Becker, 1965)</ref>, so engaging in one behavior (like help giving) necessitates that a person has less time to engage in another behavior (like help seeking). During creative problem solving, seeking help can directly help team members gain the information or resources they need to solve a problem creatively. In contrast, giving help might indirectly aid creative problem solving by fulfilling social obligations to ensure future helpseeking requests yield help receipt but directly diminishes the time team members have to engage in performing their own creative work <ref type="bibr" coords="4,69.79,648.45,61.40,8.10" target="#b18">(Bergeron, 2007)</ref>. In addition, theory of problem representation change suggests that anything that diminishes a person's adherence and attachment to a specific way of thinking about a problem will enhance the likelihood of integrating novel information outside of the representation. We propose that help seeking and giving each have opposite influences on adherence to a person's problem representation-help seeking diminishes and help giving enhances adherence to preexisting ways of thinking about creative problems. Taken together, both perspectives suggest that employees may need to make tradeoffs when deciding to give and seek help.</p><p>We have proposed that reciprocity norms enhance the likelihood that seekers will repay givers by giving help in return. However, employees may decide to give help regardless of whether the helping repays past seeking attempts as research shows that helpers enjoy higher levels of social status and positive evaluations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,306.00,175.86,50.08,8.10" target="#b44">(Flynn, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,359.41,175.86,94.23,8.10" target="#b45">Flynn &amp; Brockner, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,456.96,175.86,67.85,8.10" target="#b46">Flynn et al., 2006)</ref>. Additionally, seeking help does not always necessitate repayment by giving help; theory suggests that seekers may repay helpers by emphasizing helpers' relatively high status <ref type="bibr" coords="4,465.51,208.86,70.14,8.10" target="#b16">(Baumeister, 1982)</ref> or implicating that helping might aid helpers' public image <ref type="bibr" coords="4,516.81,219.86,29.24,8.10;4,306.00,230.86,20.50,8.10" target="#b12">(Apsler, 1975;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,329.38,230.86,46.50,8.10" target="#b105">Steele, 1975)</ref>. However, the decision to give high levels of help may diminish the extent to which help seeking relates to creativity. Giving help may decrease the actual amount of time seekers have to work individually. By diminishing the actual amount of time a person has to spend on his or her own creative work, giving help may also increase perceptions of time pressure that may result in the person finding a more direct and efficient (and less creative) way of solving the problem . In addition, the extent to which seekers give help may undo the cognitive flexibility associated with less rigid cognitive representations that seekers gain when they seek help. Hence, it is possible that help seekers have more resources to give to their own creative endeavors and more flexible ways of thinking about them when they choose to give lower levels of help.</p><p>Hypothesis 5: Giving help to teammates during creative problem solving moderates the relationship between help seeking during creative problem solving and individual-level creativity such that the positive relationship between help seeking and creativity decreases as the level of help giving increases.</p><p>Assuming that the extent to which a team member gives help to teammates moderates the association between help seeking and creativity, it is also likely that the level of help giving to teammates may influence the strength of the indirect relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity. <ref type="figure" coords="4,434.41,501.85,30.66,8.10" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref> illustrates this pattern of moderated mediation between the study variables.</p><p>Because we predict that giving help to teammates will attenuate the positive relationship between help seeking and creativity, we expect the following:</p><p>Hypothesis 6: Help giving moderates the positive indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity (through help seeking). Specifically, higher levels of giving help to teammates attenuate the extent to which help seeking mediates the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedures and Participants</head><p>We collected survey data from engineers working within a single division of a large multinational refinery in central India. The engineers within this division work within teams (n ϭ 55). Employees are responsible for the design and operation of mea-surement instruments that are used in the automated systems within the company's oil refinery. Employees are expected to manage instrumentation projects from inception to completion and are responsible for recommending improvements in the instrumentation systems. Specifically, the organization encourages employees and work groups to creatively improve operations, lower costs, and increase availability of approximately 4,500 instruments associated with the plant's control system. Creative restructuring of work and process flow can reduce random failure-random failure has cost the company approximately 20 million US dollars from January 2005 to January 2008. For example, a team last year was able to creatively brainstorm and problem solve to identify a bad valve that in turn was connected to 120 other valves. This solution and others have helped save the company millions of dollars. This company explicitly encourages creativity of its employees through explicit formal statements as well as informal management practices.</p><p>Data collection was identical for each team in the study. Specifically, participants were scheduled to take surveys with their teams at an on-site training room for 30 min of company time. In general, teams ranged in size from three to six members (M ϭ 5.29, SD ϭ .96). At each session, employees were briefed by the primary investigator ensuring the confidentiality of their responses. Supervisors were scheduled into a separate room so that no employee was in the general vicinity of his or her supervisor while completing the questionnaire. To ensure confidentiality and because we asked team supervisors to rate each employee on different dimensions, we coded the rating sheets so that employees' names were detached from the overall rating subsequent to completion. Response rates were 68% for employees, 72% for administrative fellows, and 80% for supervisors.</p><p>The current study employed questionnaire responses from three different sources. We asked employees to assess their own helpseeking and help-giving behaviors as well as personality and motivation. We asked each team leader to rate each employee's creativity, and we asked administrative fellows (senior team members who were responsible for coaching and coordinating other members of the team) to rate each participant's social status. Our sample comprised 291 individuals nested in 55 unique work groups. Team leaders rated participants from a single group; hence, 55 team leaders and 55 administrative fellows rated the 291 employees. Employees were mostly male (74%), with a mean age of approximately 32 (SD ϭ 6.10) years and 5 (SD ϭ 2.95) years of organizational tenure, and 70% had a bachelor's degree or higher.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>With the exception of personality variables and the measure of social status, all measures involved a rating scale with anchors from 1 (strongly disagree) to 7 (strongly agree).</p><p>Self-report predictors: Intrinsic motivation. We adapted a measure of intrinsic motivation based on the measure employed by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.00,560.85,49.06,8.10" target="#b58">Grant (2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,360.12,560.25,36.32,9.00">␣ ϭ .87)</ref>. The intrinsic motivation scale asked employees to rate "why you are motivated by your work" on the following five items: "because I enjoy the work itself," "because it's fun," "because I find the work engaging," "because I find it challenging in a positive way," and "because I enjoy it."</p><p>Help-seeking behavior. The help-seeking behavior scale was based on a scale developed by S. E. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,434.90,626.85,111.15,8.10" target="#b11">Anderson and Williams (1996)</ref> and adapted to focus on asking for help from teammates regarding task-related problems that required creativity to solve. Each employee rated his or her own help-seeking behavior on seven items. Sample items included "I often approach teammates for advice when I don't understand how to solve a problem," "I frequently ask other teammates for assistance in creative problem solving," and "I often request help from teammates when struggling to solve problems creatively" (␣ ϭ .89). Help-giving behavior. Help-giving behavior was measured using an eight-item scale adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="6,193.04,87.85,95.02,8.10;6,48.00,98.85,23.99,8.10" target="#b96">Settoon and Mossholder's (2002)</ref> measure of interpersonal citizenship behavior. We rewrote items to focus on giving help to teammates regarding problems that required creativity to solve-as opposed to help broadly defined. The scale included the following sample items: "I assist teammates with difficult problem-solving assignments, even when assistance is not directly requested," "I go out of my way to help teammates refine their creative ideas," and "I take on extra responsibilities in order to help teammates solve problems creatively" (␣ ϭ .90).</p><p>Dependent variable: Creative performance. Supervisors rated employee creativity employing a three-item scale that research has shown to correlate with objective ratings of creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.00,230.85,108.52,8.10" target="#b84">(Oldham &amp; Cummings, 1996)</ref>. Creativity research has commonly employed supervisory ratings of creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="6,215.72,241.85,72.33,8.10;6,48.00,252.85,86.39,8.10" target="#b4">(Amabile, Barsade, Mueller, &amp; Staw, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,268.55,252.85,14.62,8.10;6,48.00,263.85,98.08,8.10" target="#b73">Madjar, Oldham, &amp; Pratt, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,148.16,263.85,42.70,8.10" target="#b116">Zhou, 2003)</ref>, as supervisory ratings are generally correlated with objective measures of creative performance <ref type="bibr" coords="6,74.92,285.85,83.03,8.10" target="#b95">(Scott &amp; Bruce, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,161.37,285.85,122.80,8.10" target="#b111">Tierney, Farmer, &amp; Graen, 1999)</ref>. Supervisors who were familiar with employees' work rated the creativity, originality, and practicality of each person's work (␣ ϭ .91). A single supervisor rated each employee.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Controls</head><p>We identified many different controls to ensure that our findings extended prior literature. We controlled for a host of demographic variables, namely, sex of subject, organizational tenure, and education, as this is generally standard in the literature. Second, we were concerned that asking for and giving help might relate to creativity primarily because they tended to covary with other measures identified in the creativity literature. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,215.77,427.49,3.50,4.95">1</ref> We therefore controlled for the following variables.</p><p>Creative personality. In her componential model, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,257.05,450.85,31.00,8.10;6,48.00,461.85,23.99,8.10" target="#b3">Amabile (1996)</ref> noted that creative-relevant processing-a thinking style or personality orientation that promotes creative thinking-promotes individual-level creativity. We employed the creative personality scale developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,120.63,494.85,49.88,8.10" target="#b55">Gough (1979)</ref>, finding that help seeking (r ϭ .17, p Ͻ .01) and help giving (r ϭ .22, p Ͻ .01) were both significantly correlated with creative personality. Hence, we controlled for the likelihood that creative personality, and not help seeking and giving, predicted creativity.</p><p>Status. To measure social status, we asked one administrative fellow to rate each employee on a single item adapted from C. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.00,571.85,207.12,8.10" target="#b10">Anderson, Srivastava, Beer, Spataro, and Chatman (2006)</ref>: "Please rate the extent to which each person on this team has status (e.g., prestige and social standing) within the team," on a scale of 0 to 10 (0 ϭ none, 5 ϭ a moderate amount, 10 ϭ a great deal). Other than the inclusion of their status ratings, administrative fellows were not included as participants in the study. Research suggests that social status is highly related to help seeking <ref type="bibr" coords="6,190.94,637.85,40.82,8.10" target="#b72">(Lee, 2002)</ref>, giving <ref type="bibr" coords="6,264.05,637.85,24.00,8.10;6,48.00,648.85,40.95,8.10" target="#b46">(Flynn et al., 2006)</ref>, and creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="6,145.94,648.85,142.10,8.10;6,48.00,659.85,74.86,8.10" target="#b47">(Galinsky, Magee, Gruenfeld, Whitson, &amp; Liljenquist, 2008)</ref>, making status a very important and likely third variable.</p><p>Help receipt. Individuals can receive help without seeking help <ref type="bibr" coords="6,65.65,692.85,76.51,8.10" target="#b31">(Deelstra et al., 2003)</ref>; hence, individuals may still experience social obligations to reciprocate to others on the team without ever seeking help. To control for the possibility that reciprocity costs were incurred by help exchange behaviors other than help seeking, we employed a five-item measure of self-rated help receipt. Sample items included the following: "Teammates assist me with difficult problem-solving assignments, even when assistance is not directly requested" and "Teammates take on extra responsibilities in order to help me solve problems creatively" (␣ ϭ .91).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analytic Strategy</head><p>To test our hypotheses, we used multilevel modeling by employing SAS PROC MIXED, which allowed us to control for group-level variance and nonindependence <ref type="bibr" coords="6,472.36,193.85,52.72,8.10" target="#b101">(Singer, 1998)</ref>. We employed a mixed model with fixed and random effects. We included group as a random variable, which controlled for random variance at the group level to account for interdependence within nested data <ref type="bibr" coords="6,350.46,237.85,108.81,8.10" target="#b81">(Nezlek &amp; Zyzniewski, 1998)</ref>. 2 To reduce the correlation between slopes and intercepts in our analysis, we grandmean-centered all variables <ref type="bibr" coords="6,409.45,259.85,96.59,8.10" target="#b62">(Hofmann &amp; Gavin, 1998)</ref>.</p><p>To test for mediation in a multilevel context, we used the framework suggested <ref type="bibr" coords="6,429.02,281.85,93.63,8.10">MacKinnon (1999, 2001)</ref>, who proposed that the first condition for testing mediation involves showing that there is an overall effect to be mediated. The second condition involves showing that the predictor variable significantly relates to the mediator and that the mediator relates to the criterion variable when including the predictor variable in the model. The third condition requires that the indirect effect be statistically significant in the hypothesized direction. Because our data were nested, we used a macro developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,454.06,369.85,91.98,8.10;6,306.00,380.85,23.99,8.10" target="#b15">Bauer, Preacher, and Gil (2006)</ref> to test the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity via help seeking in a multilevel context. This macro uses SAS PROC MIXED to generate a significance test of the indirect effect as well as a 95% confidence interval of the average indirect effect. This procedure accounts for Level 2 variance of the intercepts and slopes when assessing the magnitude of the indirect effect. In addition, we used the approach developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,504.89,446.85,41.17,8.10;6,306.00,457.85,23.99,8.10" target="#b15">Bauer et al. (2006)</ref> to test for moderated mediation using multilevel data but adapted this procedure to follow the general logic of moderated mediation proposed by several scholars <ref type="bibr" coords="6,451.37,479.85,94.68,8.10;6,306.00,490.85,20.50,8.10" target="#b78">(Muller, Judd, &amp; Yzerbyt, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,329.76,490.85,126.14,8.10" target="#b91">Preacher, Rucker, &amp; Hayes, 2007)</ref>. 3 Hence, instead of exploring the extent to which the indirect effect varied across groups, 1 Running the major models without controls did not alter any findings. 2 When assessing employee creativity, team leaders were asked to recall and draw upon prior formal creativity ratings they submitted to the human resources department. Because team leaders were required by the human resources department to rank order subordinates' creativity, the creativity measure we employed was characterized by negative nonindependence, intraclass correlation coefficient-ICC(1) ϭ Ϫ.12. Hence, to account for negative nonindependence, we employed a method developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,522.67,604.04,23.33,7.20;6,306.00,614.04,132.36,7.20" target="#b66">Kenny, Mannetti, Pierro, Livi, and Kashy (2002)</ref> that specifies a covariance structure using SAS PROC MIXED. Employing this method did not alter the results.</p><p>3 To our knowledge, the <ref type="bibr" coords="6,398.91,645.54,64.09,7.20" target="#b15">Bauer et al. (2006)</ref> methodology for testing moderated mediation is the only procedure to date that accounts for the variance at Level 2 when assessing the indirect effect of the independent variable on the dependent variable via the mediator for different values of the moderator. Other methods for testing moderated mediation (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,306.00,695.54,93.72,7.20" target="#b37">Edwards &amp; Lambert, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,403.78,695.54,68.17,7.20" target="#b78">Muller et al., 2005)</ref> do not take Level 2 variance into account and may inaccurately estimate the magnitude of the indirect effect <ref type="bibr" coords="6,353.97,715.54,65.97,7.20" target="#b15">(Bauer et al., 2006).</ref> we controlled for this variance using SAS PROC MIXED and focused on all variables at the individual level to assess the extent to which our indirect effect was conditional on different values of help giving. <ref type="table" coords="7,57.00,153.85,27.07,8.10" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> shows the descriptive statistics and correlations between all major individual-level variables.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>To test Hypothesis 1, asserting a positive relationship between help seeking and creativity, we ran a multilevel model controlling for random team variance as well as gender, tenure, education, creative personality, status, and help received, including help seeking as our major predictor variable.</p><p>In <ref type="table" coords="7,68.14,230.85,27.51,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Model 3 shows a significant positive relationship between help seeking and creativity, ␥ ϭ .62, t(228) ϭ 8.75, p Ͻ .01. We estimated the R 2 change for the help-seeking-creativity relationship by subtracting the total amount of variance explained by the predictor variables from the variance contained within the null model. We estimated that 26% of the variance was explained by all the variables in Model 3 in <ref type="table" coords="7,176.31,296.85,26.97,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>. We calculated the R 2 change estimating that 20% of variance was attributed to help seeking alone. Thus, we found support for Hypothesis 1.</p><p>Hypothesis 2 asserts that help seeking should mediate the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity. We employed a procedure suggested by <ref type="bibr" coords="7,143.11,351.85,106.96,8.10" target="#b69">Krull and MacKinnon (2001)</ref> to test for mediation when employing multilevel modeling (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="7,256.59,362.85,31.48,8.10;7,48.00,373.85,55.33,8.10" target="#b90">Preacher &amp; Hayes, 2004)</ref>. The first step to show mediation involves regressing the criterion variable onto the predictor variable and thereby showing that there is an effect to be mediated. In <ref type="table" coords="7,231.62,395.85,26.71,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Model 2 shows the multilevel model demonstrating that intrinsic motivation significantly and positively relates to creativity, ␥ ϭ .35, t(228) ϭ 6.18, p Ͻ .01, when controlling for random team variance, gender, tenure, education, creative personality, status, and help received. This result shows that there is a significant relationship between the independent variable, intrinsic motivation, and creativity; hence, the first condition is met to test for mediation.</p><p>According to <ref type="bibr" coords="7,107.70,483.85,98.03,8.10" target="#b90">Preacher and Hayes (2004)</ref>, the second condition required to test for mediation involves showing that the indirect effect is statistically significant and in the predicted direction. In <ref type="table" coords="7,48.00,516.85,28.28,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Model 1 shows that intrinsic motivation significantly predicts help seeking, ␥ ϭ .32, t(228) ϭ 7.70, p Ͻ .01, when controlling for all major control variables as well as random team-level variance. The multilevel model that includes both help seeking and intrinsic motivation when predicting creativity shows that when controlling for random team variance, tenure, gender, education, creative personality, status, and help received, help seeking remains significantly related to creativity, <ref type="table" coords="7,232.17,593.85,26.44,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Model 4, ␥ ϭ .51, t(227) ϭ 6.74, p Ͻ .01, and in the hypothesized positive direction. In this model, intrinsic motivation is also significantly related to creativity, <ref type="table" coords="7,158.52,626.85,25.94,8.10" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, Model 4, ␥ ϭ .12, t(227) ϭ 3.23, p Ͻ .05, which suggests that, assuming there is a statistically significant indirect effect, help seeking may partially mediate the direct effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="7,241.76,659.85,46.31,8.10;7,48.00,670.85,48.01,8.10" target="#b90">(Preacher &amp; Hayes, 2004)</ref>. A Sobel test confirmed that help seeking carries significant influence from intrinsic motivation to creativity (z ϭ 2.86, p Ͻ .05). In addition, we employed a macro developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="7,48.00,703.85,68.18,8.10" target="#b15">Bauer et al. (2006)</ref> that utilizes SAS PROC MIXED to control for variance of the slopes and intercepts when calculating the simple indirect effect and a 95% confidence interval of this effect. Specifically, we identified that the simple indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity through help seeking was significant and that the Monte Carlo confidence interval did not overlap with zero (␥ ϭ .24, p Ͻ .01, SE ϭ .07, Monte Carlo CI [0.12, 0.41], ␣ ϭ .05). 4 Therefore, Hypothesis 2 was confirmed, showing that help seeking partially mediated the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity.</p><p>Hypothesis 3 asserts that help seeking should come with an interpersonal cost such that seeking help would require seekers to reciprocate by giving help in return. To test Hypothesis 3, we employed a multilevel model controlling for random team variance, gender, tenure, education, status, creative personality and help receipt, which showed that seeking help positively related to giving help; see <ref type="table" coords="7,367.08,232.29,26.73,8.10" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, Model 1, ␥ ϭ .59, t(228) ϭ 11.13, p Ͻ .01. Hence, Hypothesis 3 was confirmed.</p><p>Hypothesis 4 asserts that reciprocation costs in the form of helping should translate to performance costs. Specifically, Hypothesis 4 states that helping behavior negatively relates to creativity when controlling for help receipt. We employed a multilevel model controlling for random team variance, gender, tenure, education, creative personality, status, help receipt, and help seeking (since help seeking is highly related to help giving and is hypothesized to have an opposite relationship with creativity). In <ref type="table" coords="7,306.00,343.22,28.27,8.10" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, Model 2 shows that, controlling for all the variables mentioned above, help giving negatively related to creativity, ␥ ϭ Ϫ.29, t(226) ϭ Ϫ3.91, p Ͻ .01. Thus, Hypothesis 4 was supported.</p><p>Hypothesis 5 asserts that the relationship between help seeking and creativity depends on the level of help giving. Specifically, the relationship between help seeking and creativity should diminish as employees engage in more help giving. The multilevel model controlling for random team variance, gender, tenure, education, creative personality, status, intrinsic motivation, and help receipt shows a significant interaction between help seeking and help giving, <ref type="table" coords="7,333.35,465.21,25.96,8.10" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, Model 3, ␥ ϭ Ϫ.20, t(225) ϭ Ϫ3.90, p Ͻ .01. The shape of this interaction is modeled in <ref type="figure" coords="7,452.28,476.31,30.13,8.10" target="#fig_2">Figure 2</ref>, showing that at high (one standard deviation above the mean), mean, and low (one standard deviation below the mean) levels of help giving, the relationship between help seeking and creativity is positive but diminishing in slope.</p><p>The overall interaction term indicates that amount of change in the slope of the regression of creativity on help seeking when help giving changes by one unit is significant <ref type="bibr" coords="7,460.42,553.94,81.72,8.10" target="#b0">(Aiken &amp; West, 1991)</ref>. Hence, all three lines are statistically different from one another, and we can confirm Hypothesis 5 and conclude that the relationship between help seeking and creativity does diminish in size as individuals engage in more help giving. We also calculated the simple intercepts and simple slopes to explore the two-way interaction using the coefficients generated from the multilevel model. We identified that at high levels of help giving (represented as one standard deviation above the mean), the simple slope for the relationship between help seeking and creativity was positive and statistically significant (Intercept ϭ 2.95, ␥ ϭ .56, SE ϭ .11, t(216) ϭ 5.13, p Ͻ .01). For the mean level of help giving, the simple slope of the relationship between help seeking and creativity was positive and statistically significant, intercept ϭ 3.20, ␥ ϭ .70, SE ϭ .09, t(216) ϭ 7.84, p Ͻ .01. For low levels of help giving (one standard deviation below the mean), the simple slope of the relationship between help seeking and creativity was the highest of the three conditions, and this positive relationship was statistically significant, intercept ϭ 3.45, ␥ ϭ .89, SE ϭ .10, t(216) ϭ 8.76, p Ͻ .01.</p><p>Hypothesis 6, depicted in <ref type="figure" coords="8,150.78,381.85,29.13,8.10" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>, asserts moderated mediation such that help giving should attenuate the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity through help seeking.</p><p>To test the conditional indirect effect, we employed a macro developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="8,98.55,425.85,67.57,8.10" target="#b15">Bauer et al. (2006)</ref>  The last estimate suggests that the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity via intrinsic motivation was 10% weaker among employees who gave help at one standard deviation above the mean relative to employees who gave help at one standard deviation below the mean. Hence, Hypothesis 6 was supported.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Our results suggest that seeking help on balance positively influences creativity. First, we showed a positive relationship between help seeking and creativity and identified that help seeking partially mediated the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity. In addition, we added to the story of how help seeking relates to creativity by showing that help seekers incur  interpersonal costs. Specifically, help seekers in our sample tended to reciprocate by helping other teammates; however, helping others was costly as helping was negatively related to creativity. Indeed, we showed that the extent to which seeking related to creativity depended upon the amount that seekers chose to help teammates. There was a weaker relationship between help seeking and creativity when help giving was high than when help giving was low. However, we found no evidence that the interpersonal cost incurred when help giving rendered the help-seekingcreativity relationship nonsignificant or negative. Last, we tested our full model, depicted in <ref type="figure" coords="9,147.47,440.85,29.42,8.10" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>, to show that help giving also attenuated the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity through help seeking. In sum, we showed evidence of moderated mediation in that employees in our sample who felt intrinsically motivated achieved creative outcomes mostly because they sought help from teammates; however, this relationship was diminished when employees gave high levels of help to teammates.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical Implications</head><p>Our study adds to the broader creativity literature by identifying the ways in which interpersonal processes predict individual creativity in groups. The perspective differs dramatically from classical theory, which suggests that intrinsic motivation should relate to creativity by stimulating a person's own creative cognitionirrespective of the person's social interactions. Indeed, traditional creativity theory views the creative process as one in which actors engage alone-even when surrounded by others. For example, one  important study explored the role of creative coworkers in enhancing a person's own creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="10,153.76,87.85,45.67,8.10" target="#b116">(Zhou, 2003)</ref>. This study showed that employees with high levels of creative personality and supportive autonomy were more creative in the presence of creative coworkers. The theory explaining these results proposes that employees performed creatively because they learned by indirectly observing creative coworkers. We would propose an alternative explanation for the relationship between a person's own creativity and the presence of creative coworkers. Specifically, people may seek help from creative coworkers, who in turn may give help to employees. Future research should test the possibility that seeking help from the most creative coworkers may further enhance creative performance.</p><p>By broadening the understanding of the ways in which intrinsic motivation relates to creativity, we may begin to shed light on the mixed support for the intrinsic motivation-creativity link <ref type="bibr" coords="10,256.33,241.85,31.73,8.10;10,48.00,252.85,20.50,8.10" target="#b48">(George, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,71.90,252.85,91.82,8.10">Grant &amp; Berry, in press;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,167.11,252.85,74.05,8.10" target="#b98">Shalley et al., 2004)</ref>. In general, studies have found no relationship <ref type="bibr" coords="10,175.03,263.85,59.25,8.10" target="#b1">(Amabile, 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,236.79,263.85,51.25,8.10" target="#b33">Dewett, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,48.00,274.85,69.37,8.10" target="#b86">Perry-Smith, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,119.99,274.85,107.47,8.10" target="#b97">Shalley &amp; Perry-Smith, 2001)</ref>, an inconsistent relationship <ref type="bibr" coords="10,92.82,285.85,156.11,8.10" target="#b8">(Amabile, Hill, Hennessey, &amp; Tighe, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,251.25,285.85,36.81,8.10;10,48.00,296.85,35.01,8.10" target="#b111">Tierney et al., 1999)</ref>, or a positive relationship <ref type="bibr" coords="10,192.55,296.85,95.50,8.10;10,48.00,307.85,20.50,8.10" target="#b39">(Eisenberger &amp; Rhoades, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,71.65,307.85,75.19,8.10" target="#b99">Shin &amp; Zhou, 2003)</ref> between intrinsic motivation and creativity. Our findings suggest that help seeking partially explains the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity. If help seeking partially explains why intrinsic motivation relates to creativity, then it follows that one reason why the intrinsic motivation-creativity link has yielded such mixed support may involve the extent to which actors were able to seek help in each study. In contexts where individuals were unable to seek help or sought low levels of help (e.g., laboratory tasks, individuals in work environment that discouraged help seeking), some intrinsically motivated individuals may have engaged in the types of creative processes that promoted creativity. However, it is possible that many other individuals who were highly intrinsically motivated may have engaged in these creative cognitions but came across an obstacle: Their idea failed to meet an important criterion <ref type="bibr" coords="10,48.00,472.85,105.97,8.10" target="#b9">(Amabile &amp; Mueller, 2007)</ref>, or they felt stuck <ref type="bibr" coords="10,236.61,472.85,51.45,8.10;10,48.00,483.85,50.82,8.10" target="#b115">(Weinstein &amp; Morton, 2003)</ref>. In these instances, the intrinsic motivation may not have related to creativity simply because these individuals needed to seek help to overcome the obstacles they faced but could or did not.</p><p>Network theory proposes that strong ties provide an informational liability for creativity by providing actors with redundant information <ref type="bibr" coords="10,93.36,549.84,44.62,8.10" target="#b22">(Burt, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,140.85,549.84,68.60,8.10" target="#b57">Granovetter, 1973;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,212.32,549.84,71.94,8.10;10,48.00,560.84,37.05,8.10" target="#b87">Perry-Smith &amp; Shalley, 2003)</ref>. However, our results show that help seeking from teammates-presumably one type of strong tie-positively influences creativity. This suggests that even similar others may have novel and unique ways of thinking about problem solving, so rather than an informational liability, strong ties may involve an interactional liability whereby the processes governing information exchange with similar others may inhibit the exchange of novel or unique information. Indeed, research has shown that group contexts promote the sharing of common as opposed to unique information <ref type="bibr" coords="10,124.82,659.84,87.19,8.10" target="#b103">(Stasser &amp; Titus, 1985</ref>, and group members may choose to conform and voice similar ideas or views rather than suffer evaluation apprehension <ref type="bibr" coords="10,201.65,681.84,82.36,8.10" target="#b34">(Diehl &amp; Stroebe, 1987</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,71.01,692.84,84.63,8.10" target="#b54">Goncalo &amp; Staw, 2006)</ref>. So, in the absence of help seeking, seeking information from strong ties may evoke conformity pressures that promote the acquisition of redundant and commonly held information. However, help seeking may help actors overcome interactional liabilities associated with strong ties by cuing the recipients of help requests to approach the problem in a different or new way-as seekers are requesting help presumably because the past way of solving the problem is flawed. In sum, interaction processes occurring in strong-tie relationships may involve processes that positively relate to creativity (e.g., help seeking) and processes that negatively relate to creativity (e.g., common information effect), which would explain why <ref type="bibr" coords="10,523.56,164.84,22.49,8.10;10,306.00,175.84,48.85,8.10" target="#b86">Perry-Smith (2006)</ref> found no relationship between strong ties and creativity. Future research should disentangle the extent to which help seeking may diminish the liability of strong ties for creativity.</p><p>Another contribution of the current investigation is to provide evidence that not all relationships between variables and creativity are isomorphic across levels. Some theorists have argued that the theory of creativity is homologous, in that the very factors that influence creativity at the individual level should have the same relationship to group-level creativity when aggregated to the group level <ref type="bibr" coords="10,327.32,274.84,136.01,8.10" target="#b36">(Drazin, Glynn, &amp; Kazanjian, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,467.15,274.84,50.58,8.10" target="#b52">Gilson, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,521.54,274.84,24.50,8.10;10,306.00,285.84,79.98,8.10" target="#b88">Pirola-Merlo &amp; Mann, 2004)</ref>. Past theory has identified that group-level help giving is positively related to group-level creativity <ref type="bibr" coords="10,355.61,307.84,103.21,8.10" target="#b61">Hargadon &amp; Bechky, 2006)</ref>. However, the current study provides evidence that help giving has a negative relationship with a person's own creativity. While homologous theories have the advantage of parsimony, they may lack predictive validity if, indeed, differences between levels exist <ref type="bibr" coords="10,468.11,351.84,77.96,8.10;10,306.00,362.84,19.37,8.10" target="#b67">(Klein &amp; Kozlowski, 2000)</ref>. We propose that many other such differences may exist between the individual-and group-level factors that predict individual-and group-level creativity. Future research should identify key differences between the factors that influence individual and group creativity. This would allow the field to build separate yet related theories of individual-and group-level creativity as opposed to viewing the factors that promote each as isomorphic. From a practical perspective, if group-level creativity benefits from helping norms but individuals diminish their own creativity when they help others, this suggests that organizations may face a dilemma when structuring the work environment to facilitate creativity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and Future Research</head><p>Future research should explore other interpersonal behaviors encompassed by the creative process in team contexts. For example, research on voice-another type of proactive interpersonal behavior )-has only recently considered the performance and social repercussions of voicing creative ideas about a person's own work as opposed to improvements in the organization. Indeed, research suggests that in demographically diverse groups, individuals in the numerical minority may have more difficulty voicing creative ideas; however, when they do, group performance improves <ref type="bibr" coords="10,422.62,626.85,123.39,8.10;10,306.00,637.85,20.50,8.10" target="#b53">(Goncalo, Chatman, &amp; Duguid, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,329.48,637.85,117.02,8.10" target="#b89">Polzer, Milton, &amp; Swann, 2002)</ref>. Additionally, idea selling may constitute another interpersonal behavior that may influence the extent to which organizations implement creative ideas <ref type="bibr" coords="10,527.56,659.85,13.87,8.10;10,306.00,670.85,85.60,8.10" target="#b77">(Mueller &amp; Melwani, 2006)</ref>.</p><p>The current theory of help seeking focuses on seeking help within a dyadic context. While we have expanded this view to consider seeking help from teammates, interpersonal dynamics at the dyad level may qualify our findings. Our measure of help seeking explicitly asked participants to rate the extent to which they sought help from all or most of their teammates. In our individual data-collection sessions with participants, we clarified that if participants sought help from only one teammate, this qualified as low on our measure of help seeking from most or all teammates. Even still, our measure of help seeking cannot specify the exact number of teammates an employee sought help from, nor can our measure assess the frequency of helping requests made to each teammate. We propose that both the frequency and the breadth of help seeking within a team should positively relate to creativity in equal measure; help seeking reflects a cognitive shift toward greater openness to novelty, as well as a higher likelihood of cuing others (even similar others) to identify previously unconsidered options. In addition, we do not expect that seeking help from a broader range of teammates will interact with the frequency of help seeking, as individuals may benefit from seeking high levels of help from one person who is extremely knowledgeable. Indeed, people tend to seek help only from those they view as most capable <ref type="bibr" coords="11,78.25,274.85,101.17,8.10" target="#b79">(Nadler, Ellis, &amp; Bar, 2003)</ref>. However, our current methodology does not allow us to disentangle this puzzle as our goal was to take a first step toward infusing individual-level creativity theory with an interpersonal perspective. As such, future research should take a more fine-grained dyadic approach to studying the dynamics of help seeking during creative problem solving in team contexts.</p><p>Our use of cross-sectional field data has not allowed us to make assessments of causality or directionality. For example, it is possible that creative people generally tend to ask for help and that less creative people tend to give help. To help account for this possibility, we controlled for creative personality, but creative personality did not diminish the relationship among help seeking, help giving, and creative outcomes in our study. At face value, one would expect uncreative individuals to seek more and give less help simply because people who fail to perform creatively would need more resources and have fewer to give. In addition, members who have achieved creative competence would be expected to give more help because team members are likely to approach them for help. Our findings run contrary to these face-valid associations, lending greater plausibility to the likelihood that help-seeking behaviors facilitate creativity while help-giving behaviors diminish creativity, not vice versa.</p><p>Another important limitation is our use of perceptual outcome measures. This limits our ability to claim whether we have truly captured more objective indicators of creativity. Although the use of supervisory assessments of individual creativity is often employed in the creativity literature (cf. , it is possible that the positive relationship with help seeking is explained by matching employees' behaviors against a prototype of a creative person and not actual performance <ref type="bibr" coords="11,221.00,604.84,63.19,8.10" target="#b106">(Sternberg, 1985)</ref>. There are three main reasons why we do not think this limitation was problematic for the current sample. First, help seeking differs from simply asking questions out of curiosity because help seeking is fueled by uncertainty or inability to solve a problem creatively. Specifically, the help-seeking questionnaire we used in the current study included items such as "I often approach teammates for advice when I don't understand how to solve a problem" and "I often request help from teammates when struggling to solve problems creatively." Consistent with the help-seeking definition, our scale focused on instances when seekers were unable to solve a problem creatively on their own. Theory would suggest that the inability to achieve creative solutions is unlikely to be seen as matching a prototype of the creative person <ref type="bibr" coords="11,471.42,98.84,74.64,8.10;11,306.00,109.84,19.37,8.10" target="#b40">(Elsbach &amp; Kramer, 2003)</ref>. Second, we have evidence that help giving diminished creativity. Surely, giving help on creative problems would match the prototype of a creative person-yet we did not find this unqualified association. Third, in the current organization, employee promotions and awards for creative performance were calculated based on supervisory ratings. Although we were not able to capture the supervisors' actual ratings that were given to the human resources department, we did ask supervisors to reference their past employee ratings when making creativity assessments for the current study. Hence, supervisory ratings for our sample were likely very correlated with important objective outcomes such as raises or promotions received by subordinates.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusions</head><p>Help seeking from teammates is a blessing and only somewhat of a curse. While seeking help from teammates can result in improved creative performance, it also incurs the need to reciprocate help, which diminishes creative performance and attenuates the positive relationship between help seeking and creativity. As we have shown that help seeking is the mechanism that partially explains the relationship between intrinsic motivation and creativity, organizations would benefit from learning how to attenuate the interpersonal and related performance costs associated with seeking help. Indeed, some organizations have formalized help seeking by assigning formal roles to diminish these costs. In sum, by identifying the important role help seeking plays and the costs it incurs, we have taken a first step in understanding how to diminish the burden felt by employees who are the engine of creative problem solving in organizations.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,142.28,316.50,309.47,8.00"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Model of help seeking and individual creativity in team contexts. H ϭ hypothesis.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="8,168.39,425.85,119.65,8.10;8,48.00,436.85,240.06,8.10;8,48.00,447.85,240.05,8.10;8,48.00,458.25,240.01,9.00;8,306.00,282.25,240.01,9.00;8,306.00,293.25,240.01,9.00;8,306.00,304.25,240.00,9.00;8,306.00,315.85,16.50,8.10"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>that tests the value of the indirect effect of intrinsic motivation on creativity (through help seeking) at three levels of help giving: one standard deviation above the mean (␥ ϭ 1.05, p Ͻ .01, SE ϭ .20, Monte Carlo CI [0.64, 1.45], ␣ ϭ .05), mean (␥ ϭ 1.16, p Ͻ .01, SE ϭ .22, Monte Carlo CI [0.72, 1.61], ␣ ϭ .05), and one standard deviation below the mean (␥ ϭ 1.29, p Ͻ .01, SE ϭ .25, Monte Carlo CI [0.80, 1.78], ␣ ϭ .05).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="9,162.17,715.54,269.69,7.20"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Interaction between help seeking and help giving predicting creativity.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="8,48.00,76.85,497.50,181.65"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics for All Major </figDesc><table coords="8,48.00,107.54,497.50,150.97">Variable 
M 
S D 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1 0 

Control variables 
1. Gender (0 ϭ female, 1 ϭ male) 
.74 
.44 
-
2. Organizational tenure 
5.00 
2.95 
.02 
-
3. Education 
1.97 
0.76 
.01 
.21 ‫ءءء‬ 
-
4. Creative personality 
5.52 
3.44 
.07 Ϫ.04 
.00 
-
5. Help receipt 
4.48 
1.43 
.02 Ϫ.04 
Ϫ.05 
.12 
-
6. Status 
5.63 
2.45 
Ϫ.08 
.08 
.12 ‫ءء‬ 
.03 
.03 
-
Predictor variables 
7. Intrinsic motivation 
4.51 
1.62 
Ϫ.02 Ϫ.09 
Ϫ.05 
.17 ‫ءءء‬ 
.42 ‫ءءء‬ 
.02 
-
8. Seeking help 
5.12 
1.18 
.05 Ϫ.08 
Ϫ.03 
.17 ‫ءءء‬ 
.29 ‫ءءء‬ 
Ϫ.20 ‫ءءء‬ 
.48 ‫ءءء‬ 
-
9. Giving help 
4.03 
1.39 
Ϫ.05 Ϫ.01 
.08 
.22 ‫ءءء‬ 
.40 ‫ءءء‬ 
.34 ‫ءءء‬ 
.34 ‫ءءء‬ 
.49 ‫ءءء‬ 
-
Dependent variable 
10. Creativity 
3.79 
1.43 
.01 Ϫ.12 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.06 
.11 ‫ء‬ 
.09 
Ϫ.24 ‫ءءء‬ 
.35 ‫ءءء‬ 
.51 ‫ءءء‬ 
.04 
-

‫ء‬ p Ͻ .10. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءءء‬ p Ͻ .01. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="8,117.00,491.35,360.03,231.65"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Multilevel Models Identifying That Help Seeking Partially Mediates the Relationship Between Intrinsic Motivation and Creativity</figDesc><table coords="8,117.00,533.04,360.03,189.97">Variable 
Help seeking: Model 1 

Creativity 

Model 2 
Model 3 
Model 4 

Control variables 
Gender (0 ϭ female, 1 ϭ male) 
.11 (.13) 
Ϫ.02 (.19) 
Ϫ.11 (.18) 
Ϫ.06 (.18) 
Organizational tenure 
Ϫ.01 (.02) 
Ϫ.03 (.03) 
Ϫ.04 (.03) 
Ϫ.03 (.03) 
Education 
.03 (.08) 
.01 (.11) 
Ϫ.02 (.10) 
Ϫ.02 (.10) 
Creative personality 
.02 (.02) 
.02 (.02) 
.02 (.02) 
.01 (.02) 
Help receipt 
.09 ‫ء‬ (.05) 
Ϫ.07 (.06) 
Ϫ.05 (.06) Ϫ.11 ‫ءء‬ (.06) 
Status 
Ϫ.10 ‫ءءء‬ (.03) 
Ϫ.15 ‫ءءء‬ (.03) Ϫ.09 ‫ءءء‬ (.03) Ϫ.10 ‫ءء‬ (.03) 
Mediator 
Intrinsic motivation 
.32 ‫ءءء‬ (.04) 
.35 ‫ءءء‬ (.06) 
.12 ‫ءء‬ (.06) 
Predictor variable 
Help seeking 
.62 ‫ءءء‬ (.07) 
.51 ‫ءء‬ (.08) 

R 2 
.27 
.18 
.26 
.29 
R 2 change 
.15 
.11 
.20 
.11 

Note. Unstandardized coefficients are reported; standard errors are in parentheses. Tests were two tailed (n ϭ 
291 at individual level; n ϭ 55 at group level). 
‫ء‬ p Ͻ .10. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءءء‬ p Ͻ .01. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="9,117.00,76.85,360.03,229.65"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Multilevel Models Exploring the Costs and Benefits of Seeking Help</figDesc><table coords="9,117.00,107.54,360.03,198.97">Variable 
Help giving: Model 1 

Creativity 

Model 2 
Model 3 

Control variables 
Gender (0 ϭ female, 1 ϭ male) 
Ϫ.16 (.13) 
Ϫ.12 (.17) 
Ϫ.10 (.17) 
Organizational tenure 
Ϫ.01 (.02) 
Ϫ.04 (.03) 
Ϫ.04 (.03) 
Education 
.15 ‫ء‬ (.08) 
.02 (.11) 
Ϫ.00 (.10) 
Creative personality 
.03 ‫ء‬ (.02) 
.02 (.02) 
.01 (.02) 
Help receipt 
.24 ‫ءءء‬ (.05) 
Ϫ.05 (.06) 
Ϫ.09 (.06) 
Status 
.25 ‫ءءء‬ (.03) 
Ϫ.03 (.04) 
Ϫ.03 (.04) 
Predictor variables 
Intrinsic motivation 
.00 (.04) 
.19 ‫ءء‬ (.06) 
.12 ‫ءء‬ (.06) 
Help seeking 
.59 ‫ءءء‬ (.06) 
.69 ‫ءءء‬ (.09) 
.68 ‫ءءء‬ (.08) 
Help giving 
Ϫ.29 ‫ءء‬ (.08) 
Ϫ.25 ‫ءء‬ (.08) 
Help Seeking ϫ Giving 
Ϫ.20 ‫ءءء‬ (.05) 

R 2 
.38 
.32 
.35 
R 2 change 
.27 
.03 
.03 

Note. Unstandardized coefficients are reported; standard errors are in parentheses. Tests were two tailed (n ϭ 
291 at individual level; n ϭ 55 at group level). 
‫ء‬ p Ͻ .10. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءءء‬ p Ͻ .01. 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="265">HELP SEEKING AND CREATIVITY IN TEAM CONTEXTSThis document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="4">To simplify our model, we employed the SAS macro developed by<ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.00,705.54,60.45,7.20" target="#b15">Bauer et al. (2006)</ref> without using the controls employed inTables 2 and 3. Running analyses with and without the controls yielded identical findings.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" />
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,475.54,240.03,7.20;11,314.00,485.54,211.30,7.20" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multiple regression: Testing and interpreting interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Newbury Park, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,495.54,240.01,7.20;11,314.00,505.54,232.01,7.20;11,314.00,515.54,180.65,7.20" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivation and creativity: Effects of motivational orientation on creative writers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.48.2.393</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="393" to="399" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,525.54,240.02,7.20;11,314.00,535.54,232.01,7.20;11,314.00,545.54,135.96,7.20" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A model of creativity and innovation in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Research in organization behavior</title>
		<editor>B. K. Staw</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Greenwich, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="167" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,555.54,240.01,7.20;11,314.00,565.54,189.51,7.20" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Creativity in context: Update to &quot;The Social Psychology of Creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Westview Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boulder, CO</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,575.54,240.01,7.20;11,314.00,585.54,232.03,7.20;11,314.00,595.54,136.96,7.20" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Affect and creativity at work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Barsade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Staw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2189/asqu.2005.50.3.367</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="367" to="403" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,605.54,239.99,7.20;11,314.00,615.54,232.01,7.20;11,314.00,625.54,99.25,7.20" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changes in the work environment for creativity during downsizing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Conti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/256984</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="630" to="640" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,635.54,240.02,7.20;11,314.00,645.54,232.03,7.20;11,314.00,655.54,148.50,7.20" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Assessing the work environment for creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Conti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Coon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lazenby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Herron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/256995</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1154" to="1184" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,665.54,240.01,7.20;11,314.00,675.54,153.36,7.20" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Creativity under the gun</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hadley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="52" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,306.00,685.54,240.02,7.20;11,314.00,695.54,232.02,7.20;11,314.00,705.54,231.99,7.20;11,314.00,715.54,138.96,7.20" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Work Preference Inventory: Assessing intrinsic and extrinsic motivational orientations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hennessey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tighe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.66.5.950</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="950" to="967" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,77.04,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,87.17,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,97.31,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,107.44,152.47,7.20" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Studying creativity, its processes, and its antecedents: An exploration of the componential theory of creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of organizational creativity</title>
		<editor>C. Shalley &amp; J. Zhou</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Mahwah, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="62" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,117.58,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,127.72,232.04,7.20;12,56.00,137.85,232.00,7.20;12,56.00,147.99,109.34,7.20" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowing your place: Self-perceptions of status in face-to-face groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Srivastava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Beer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Spataro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Chatman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.6.1094</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1094" to="1110" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,158.12,240.02,7.20;12,56.00,168.26,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,178.40,192.20,7.20" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interpersonal, job, and individual factors related to helping processes at work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.81.3.282</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="282" to="296" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,188.53,240.04,7.20;12,56.00,198.67,231.91,7.20;12,56.00,208.81,60.22,7.20" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of embarrassment on behavior toward others</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Apsler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0076699</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,218.94,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,229.08,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,239.21,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,249.35,192.20,7.20" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The curvilinear relation between experienced creative time pressure and creativity: Moderating effects of openness to experience and support for creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Baer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Oldham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.91.4.963</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="963" to="970" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,259.49,240.04,7.20;12,56.00,269.62,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,279.76,232.00,7.20;12,56.00,289.90,92.89,7.20" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Harmful help: The costs of backing-up behavior in teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Barnes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hollenbeck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Derue</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Nahrgang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Schwind</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.93.3.529</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="529" to="539" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,300.03,240.03,7.20;12,56.00,310.17,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,320.30,232.03,7.20;12,56.00,330.44,152.44,7.20" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conceptualizing and testing random indirect effects and moderated mediation in multilevel models: New procedures and recommendations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1082-989X.11.2.142</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="142" to="163" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,340.58,240.03,7.20;12,56.00,350.71,208.65,7.20" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A self-presentational view of social phenomena</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.91.1.3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,360.85,240.00,7.20;12,56.00,370.98,114.00,7.20" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A theory of the allocation of time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2228949</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="493" to="517" />
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,381.12,240.03,7.20;12,56.00,391.26,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,401.39,79.38,7.20" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The potential paradox of organizational citizenship behavior: Good citizens at what cost?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bergeron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Review</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1078" to="1095" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,411.53,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,421.66,21.55,7.20" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Exchange and power in social life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1964" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,431.80,240.03,7.20;12,56.00,441.94,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,452.07,107.82,7.20" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Underestimating the discomfort of help-seeking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Bohns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Flynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="402" to="409" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Why didn&apos;t you just ask?</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,462.21,240.00,7.20;12,56.00,472.34,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,482.48,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,492.62,167.83,7.20" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The personal costs of citizenship behavior: The relationship between individual initiative and role overload, job stress, and work-family conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bolino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Turnley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.90.4.740</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="740" to="748" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,502.75,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,512.89,151.17,7.20" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural holes and good ideas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Burt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/421787</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="349" to="399" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,523.02,240.02,7.20;12,56.00,533.16,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,543.30,231.99,7.20;12,56.00,553.43,31.55,7.20" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship between stressors and creativity: A meta-analysis examining competing theoretical models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Byron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Khazanchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Nazarian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ a0017868</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,563.57,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,573.70,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,583.84,232.00,7.20;12,56.00,593.98,68.22,7.20" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acceptance of help as a function of similarity of the potential helper and opportunity to repay</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Gotay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1559-1816.1974.tb02642.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="224" to="229" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,604.11,240.02,7.20;12,56.00,614.25,232.01,7.20;12,56.00,624.38,221.45,7.20" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The difference between communal and exchange relationships: What it is and is not</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167293196003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="684" to="691" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,634.52,240.02,7.20;12,56.00,644.64,231.97,7.20;12,56.00,654.77,46.00,7.20" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stress, social support, and the buffering hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.98.2.310</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="310" to="357" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,664.89,240.00,7.20;12,56.00,675.02,232.03,7.20;12,56.00,685.14,214.27,7.20" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What makes teams work: Group effectiveness research from the shop floor to the executive suite</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/014920639702300303</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="290" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,48.00,695.27,240.01,7.20;12,56.00,705.39,232.02,7.20;12,56.00,715.52,114.86,7.20" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Representational gaps, information processing, and conflict in functionally diverse teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cronin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Weingart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="761" to="773" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,77.02,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,87.15,185.05,7.20" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Creativity: Flow and the psychology of discovery and invention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Csikszentmihalyi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>HarperCollins</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,97.29,239.90,7.20;12,314.00,107.43,215.28,7.20" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Intrinsic motivation and selfdetermination in human behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Deci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>Plenum Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,117.56,240.04,7.20;12,314.00,127.70,232.03,7.20;12,314.00,137.83,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,147.97,138.95,7.20" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Receiving instrumental support at work: When help is not welcome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Deelstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C W</forename><surname>Peeters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Schaufeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Stroebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">R H</forename><surname>Zijlstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Van Doornen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.88.2.324</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="324" to="331" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,158.11,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,168.24,229.06,7.20" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The costs of asking for help</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Depaulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1207/s15324834basp0101_3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Basic and Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,178.38,240.00,7.20;12,314.00,188.52,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,198.65,125.56,7.20" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Linking intrinsic motivation, risk taking, and employee creativity in an R&amp;D environment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Dewett</surname></persName>
			<affiliation>
				<orgName type="collaboration">R&amp;D Management</orgName>
			</affiliation>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9310.2007.00469.x</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="208" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,208.79,240.00,7.20;12,314.00,218.92,232.00,7.20;12,314.00,229.06,214.86,7.20" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Productivity loss in brainstorming groups: Toward the solution of a riddle</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Diehl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Stroebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.53.3.497</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="509" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,239.20,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,249.33,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,259.47,215.82,7.20" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Productivity loss in idea-generating groups: Tracking down the blocking effect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Diehl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Stroebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.61.3.392</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="392" to="403" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,269.61,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,279.74,232.02,7.20;12,314.00,289.88,192.03,7.20" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multilevel theorizing about creativity in organizations: A sensemaking perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Drazin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Glynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kazanjian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/259083</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="286" to="307" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,300.01,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,310.15,232.02,7.20;12,314.00,320.29,231.87,7.20;12,314.00,330.42,39.78,7.20" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for integrating moderation and mediation: A general analytical framework using moderated path analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lambert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1082-989X.12.1.1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,340.56,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,350.69,231.91,7.20;12,314.00,360.83,92.89,7.20" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reciprocation ideology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Eisenberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Cotterell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Marvel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.53.4.743</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="743" to="750" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,370.97,240.03,7.20;12,314.00,381.10,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,391.24,105.34,7.20" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incremental effects of reward on creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Eisenberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Rhoades</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.81.4.728</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="728" to="741" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,401.37,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,411.51,232.03,7.20;12,314.00,421.65,231.88,7.20;12,314.00,431.78,60.22,7.20" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing creativity in Hollywood pitch meetings: Evidence for a dual-process model of creativity judgments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Elsbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/30040623</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="283" to="301" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,441.92,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,452.05,201.31,7.20" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social exchange theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Emerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.so.02.080176.002003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="335" to="362" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,462.19,240.04,7.20;12,314.00,472.33,232.00,7.20;12,314.00,482.46,107.11,7.20" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The four elementary forms of sociality: Framework for a unified theory of social relations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Fiske</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.99.4.689</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="689" to="723" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,492.60,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,502.73,116.19,7.20" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recombinant uncertainty in technological search</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="132" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,512.87,240.01,7.20;12,314.00,523.01,232.02,7.20;12,314.00,533.14,231.93,7.20;12,314.00,543.28,60.22,7.20" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How much should I give and how often? The effects of generosity and frequency or favor exchange on social status and productivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Flynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/30040648</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="539" to="553" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,553.41,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,563.55,232.03,7.20;12,314.00,573.69,222.56,7.20" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s different to give than to receive: Predictors of givers&apos; and receivers&apos; reactions to favor exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Flynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Brockner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.88.6.1034</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1034" to="1045" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,583.82,240.00,7.20;12,314.00,593.96,232.00,7.20;12,314.00,604.09,231.99,7.20;12,314.00,614.23,204.20,7.20" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Helping one&apos;s way to the top: Self-monitors achieve status by helping others and knowing who helps whom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Flynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Reagans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Amanatullah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ames</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.6.1123</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1123" to="1137" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,624.37,240.03,7.20;12,314.00,634.50,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,644.63,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,654.75,232.00,7.20" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Power reduces the press of the situation: Implications for creativity, conformity, and dissonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Galinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Magee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Gruenfeld</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Whitson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Liljenquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0012633</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1450" to="1466" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,664.88,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,675.00,111.89,7.20" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Creativity in organizations. Academy of Management Annals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="477" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,306.00,685.13,240.02,7.20;12,314.00,695.25,232.02,7.20;12,314.00,705.37,232.01,7.20;12,314.00,715.50,64.66,7.20" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When openness to experience and conscientiousness are related to creative behavior: An international approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ 0021-9010.86.3.513</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="513" to="524" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,77.04,240.01,7.20;13,56.00,87.34,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,97.65,231.99,7.20;13,56.00,107.96,64.66,7.20" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding when bad moods foster creativity and good ones don&apos;t: The role of context and clarity of feelings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ 0021-9010.87.4.687</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="687" to="697" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,118.27,239.99,7.20;13,56.00,128.57,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,138.88,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,149.19,14.00,7.20" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dual tuning in a supportive context: Joint contributions of positive mood, negative mood, and supervisory behaviors to employee creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="605" to="622" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,159.49,240.01,7.20;13,56.00,169.80,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,180.11,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,190.41,159.51,7.20" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why be creative: A review of the practical outcomes associated with creativity at the individual, group, and organizational levels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of organizational creativity</title>
		<editor>C. Shalley &amp; J. Zhou</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Mahwah, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="303" to="322" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,200.72,240.01,7.20;13,56.00,211.03,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,221.34,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,231.64,112.64,7.20" xml:id="b53">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Political correctness and creativity in demographically homogeneous and heterogeneous groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Goncalo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Chatman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Duguid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-08" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Philadelphia, PA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Paper presented at the annual meeting of the</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,241.95,240.00,7.20;13,56.00,252.25,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,262.54,177.83,7.20" xml:id="b54">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Individualism-collectivism and group creativity. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Goncalo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Staw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.obhdp.2005.11.003</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="96" to="109" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,272.84,240.04,7.20;13,56.00,283.13,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,293.43,109.34,7.20" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A creative personality scale for the Adjective Check List</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Gough</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.37.8.1398</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1398" to="1405" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,303.72,240.03,7.20;13,56.00,314.02,218.19,7.20" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The norm of reciprocity: A preliminary statement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Gouldner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2092623</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="178" />
			<date type="published" when="1960" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,324.31,240.02,7.20;13,56.00,334.61,155.17,7.20" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The strength of weak ties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Granovetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/225469</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1360" to="1380" />
			<date type="published" when="1973" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,344.90,240.02,7.20;13,56.00,355.20,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,365.49,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,375.79,42.00,7.20" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does intrinsic motivation fuel the prosocial fire? Motivational synergy in predicting persistence, performance, and productivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.93.1.48</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="48" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,386.08,240.02,7.20;13,56.00,396.38,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,406.67,147.06,7.20" xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The necessity of others is the mother of invention: Intrinsic and prosocial motivations, perspective-taking, and creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Berry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in press</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,416.97,240.02,7.20;13,56.00,427.26,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,437.56,110.22,7.20" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Learning more by crossing levels: Evidence from airplanes, hospitals, and orchestras</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hackman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.226</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="905" to="922" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,447.85,240.03,7.20;13,56.00,458.15,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,468.45,210.71,7.20" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">When collections of creatives become creative collectives: A field study of problem solving at work. Organization Science</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Hargadon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bechky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1287/orsc.1060.0200</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="484" to="500" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,478.74,240.04,7.20;13,56.00,489.04,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,499.33,98.93,7.20" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Centering decisions in hierarchical linear models: Implications for research in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Gavin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="623" to="641" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,509.63,240.03,7.20;13,56.00,519.92,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,530.22,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,540.51,112.89,7.20" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seeking help in the shadow of doubt: The sensemaking processes underlying how nurses decide whom to ask for advice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Lei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0016557</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1261" to="1274" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,550.81,240.03,7.20;13,56.00,561.10,232.02,7.20;13,56.00,571.40,163.61,7.20" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Choosing and translating between problem representations. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Schkade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1006/obhd.1995.1017</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="214" to="223" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,581.69,240.02,7.20;13,56.00,591.99,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,602.28,232.01,7.20;13,56.00,612.58,136.91,7.20" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When a thousand flowers bloom: Structural, collective, and social conditions for innovation in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Research in organizational behavior</title>
		<editor>B. Staw &amp; L. L. Cummings</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Greenwich, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>JAI Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="169" to="211" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,622.87,240.03,7.20;13,56.00,633.17,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,643.46,215.82,7.20" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The statistical analysis of data from small groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mannetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pierro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Livi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kashy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.83.1.126</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="126" to="137" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,653.76,240.01,7.20;13,56.00,664.05,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,674.35,227.97,7.20" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From micro to meso: Critical steps in conceptualizing and conducting multilevel research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W J</forename><surname>Kozlowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/109442810033001</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="236" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,684.64,240.00,7.20;13,56.00,694.94,232.00,7.20;13,56.00,705.23,102.00,7.20" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multilevel mediation modeling in group-based intervention studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Krull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mackinnon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0193841X9902300404</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evaluation Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="418" to="444" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,48.00,715.53,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,77.03,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,87.34,30.96,7.20" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multilevel modeling of individual and group level mediated effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Krull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mackinnon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multivariate Behavioral Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="277" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,97.64,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,107.95,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,118.26,231.97,7.20;13,314.00,128.57,52.00,7.20" xml:id="b70">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">When the going gets tough, do the tough ask for help? Help seeking and power motivation in organizations. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1006/ obhd.1997.2746</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="336" to="363" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,138.87,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,149.18,231.91,7.20;13,314.00,159.49,68.22,7.20" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Verbal strategies for seeking help in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1559-1816.1999.tb00148.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1472" to="1496" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,169.79,240.00,7.20;13,314.00,180.10,209.30,7.20" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social costs of seeking help</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0021886302381002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Behavioral Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,190.41,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,200.72,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,211.02,232.03,7.20;13,314.00,221.33,101.33,7.20" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">There&apos;s no place like home? The contributions of work and nonwork creativity support to employees&apos; creative performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Madjar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Oldham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3069309</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="757" to="767" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,231.64,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,241.94,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,252.24,168.73,7.20" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Premonitions of insight predict impending error</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Metcalfe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0278-7393.12.4.623</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="623" to="634" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,262.53,239.99,7.20;13,314.00,272.83,176.04,7.20" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intuition in insight and noninsight problem solving</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Metcalfe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Wiebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Memory &amp; Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="238" to="246" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,283.13,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,293.42,232.03,7.20;13,314.00,303.72,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,314.01,130.39,7.20" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The influence of time pressure on creativity in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Simpson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hadley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002-08" />
			<pubPlace>Denver, CO</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Paper presented at the annual meeting of the Academy of Management</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,324.31,240.03,7.20;13,314.00,334.60,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,344.90,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,355.19,41.77,7.20" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The role that relationships play in the advancement of creative ideas in organizational contexts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Melwani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-08" />
			<pubPlace>Atlanta, GA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Paper presented at the annual meeting of the Academy of Management</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,365.49,240.03,7.20;13,314.00,375.78,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,386.08,193.16,7.20" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When moderation is mediated and mediation is moderated</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Muller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Judd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yzerbyt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.89.6.852</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="852" to="863" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,396.37,240.04,7.20;13,314.00,406.67,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,416.96,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,427.26,203.10,7.20" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">To seek or not to seek: The relationship between help seeking and job performance evaluations as moderated by task-relevant expertise</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nadler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Bar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1559-1816.2003.tb02075.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="109" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,437.55,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,447.85,76.20,7.20" xml:id="b80">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Human problem solving</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Newell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Simon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
			<publisher>Prentice Hall</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,458.14,240.03,7.20;13,314.00,468.44,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,478.73,85.09,7.20" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using hierarchical linear modeling to analyze grouped data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Nezlek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Zyzniewski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Group Dynamics: Theory, Research, and Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="313" to="320" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,489.03,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,499.32,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,509.62,60.66,7.20" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Confirmation bias: A ubiquitous phenomenon in many guises</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nickerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ 1089-2680.2.2.175</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of General Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="175" to="220" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,519.91,239.95,7.20" xml:id="b83">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Creativity and innovation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Nystrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,530.21,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,540.51,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,550.80,98.29,7.20" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employee creativity: Personal and contextual factors at work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Oldham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Cummings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/256657</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="607" to="634" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,561.10,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,571.39,232.00,7.20;13,314.00,581.69,88.22,7.20" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Work teams: Perceptions of a ready-made support system?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Parris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1023/A:1023572629983</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Employee Responsibilities and Rights Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="83" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,591.98,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,602.28,232.00,7.20;13,314.00,612.57,53.55,7.20" xml:id="b86">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social yet creative: The role of social relationships in facilitating individual creativity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Perry-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="101" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,622.87,240.02,7.20;13,314.00,633.16,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,643.46,142.72,7.20" xml:id="b87">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The social side of creativity: A static and dynamic social network perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Perry-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shalley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/30040691</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Review</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="106" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,653.75,240.01,7.20;13,314.00,664.05,232.01,7.20;13,314.00,674.34,232.00,7.20" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship between individual creativity and team creativity: Aggregating across people and time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pirola-Merlo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/job.240</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="235" to="257" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,684.64,240.00,7.20;13,314.00,694.93,232.02,7.20;13,314.00,705.23,192.47,7.20" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Capitalizing on diversity: Interpersonal congruence in small work groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Polzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Milton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Swann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3094807</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="296" to="324" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,306.00,715.52,240.05,7.20;14,56.00,77.04,232.02,7.20;14,56.00,87.04,187.96,7.20" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">SPSS and SAS procedures for estimating indirect effects in simple mediation models. Behavior Research Methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Instruments &amp; Computers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="717" to="731" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,97.04,240.03,7.20;14,56.00,107.04,232.02,7.20;14,56.00,117.04,145.08,7.20" xml:id="b91">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Addressing moderated mediation hypotheses: Theory, methods, and prescriptions. Multivariate Behavioral Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Rucker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="227" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,127.04,240.01,7.20;14,56.00,137.04,232.01,7.20;14,56.00,147.04,48.58,7.20" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship context of human behavior and development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Berscheid</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">126</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="844" to="872" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,157.04,240.00,7.20;14,56.00,167.04,232.03,7.20;14,56.00,177.04,232.02,7.20;14,56.00,187.04,67.55,7.20" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Looking inside the fishbowl of creativity: Verbal and behavioral predictors of creative performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Ruscio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Whitney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Amabile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1207/ s15326934crj1103_4</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Creativity Research Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="263" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,197.04,240.03,7.20;14,56.00,207.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,217.04,220.71,7.20" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-determination theory and the facilitation of intrinsic motivation, social development, and well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Deci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0003-066X.55.1.68</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,227.04,240.01,7.20;14,56.00,237.04,231.99,7.20;14,56.00,247.04,185.89,7.20" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of innovative behavior: A path model of individual innovation in the workplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bruce</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/256701</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="580" to="607" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,257.04,240.02,7.20;14,56.00,267.04,232.02,7.20;14,56.00,277.04,232.01,7.20;14,56.00,287.04,105.34,7.20" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relationship quality and relationship context as antecedents of person-and task-focused interpersonal citizenship behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Settoon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Mossholder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.87.2.255</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="267" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,297.04,240.03,7.20;14,56.00,307.04,232.03,7.20;14,56.00,317.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,327.04,231.88,7.20;14,56.00,337.04,52.00,7.20" xml:id="b97">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Effects of social-psychological factors on creative performance: The role of informational and controlling expected evaluation and modeling experience. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shalley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Perry-Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1006/ obhd.2000.2918</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="22" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,347.04,240.03,7.20;14,56.00,357.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,367.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,377.04,54.67,7.20" xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of personal and contextual characteristics on creativity: Where should we go from here</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shalley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Oldham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/ j.jm.2004.06.007</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="933" to="958" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,387.04,240.02,7.20;14,56.00,397.04,232.03,7.20;14,56.00,407.04,118.00,7.20" xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transformational leadership, conservation, and creativity: Evidence from Korea</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Shin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/30040662</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="703" to="714" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,417.04,240.02,7.20;14,56.00,427.04,175.29,7.20" xml:id="b100">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Genius, creativity, and leadership: Historiometric inquiries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Simonton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,437.04,240.02,7.20;14,56.00,447.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,457.04,150.43,7.20" xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using SAS PROC MIXED to fit multilevel models, hierarchical models, and individual growth models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Singer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="355" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,467.04,240.02,7.20;14,56.00,477.04,232.01,7.20;14,56.00,487.04,232.01,7.20;14,56.00,497.04,106.22,7.20" xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expert roles and information exchange during discussion: The importance of knowing who knows what</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Stasser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wittenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1006/jesp.1995.1012</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="265" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,507.04,240.00,7.20;14,56.00,517.04,232.01,7.20;14,56.00,527.04,232.00,7.20;14,56.00,537.04,68.66,7.20" xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pooling of unshared information in group decision making: Biased information sampling during discussion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Stasser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Titus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1037/ 0022-3514.48.6.1467</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1467" to="1478" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,547.04,240.03,7.20;14,56.00,557.04,232.03,7.20;14,314.00,77.04,232.02,7.20;14,314.00,87.04,138.66,7.20" xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of information load and percentage of shared information on the dissemination of unshared information during group discussion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Stasser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Titus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.53.1.81</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,97.04,240.02,7.20;14,314.00,107.04,196.86,7.20" xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Name-calling and compliance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Steele</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0076291</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="361" to="369" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,117.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,127.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,137.04,105.34,7.20" xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implicit theories of intelligence, creativity, and wisdom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sternberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.49.3.607</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="607" to="627" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,147.04,240.00,7.20;14,314.00,157.04,232.03,7.20;14,314.00,167.04,231.88,7.20;14,314.00,177.04,55.99,7.20" xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The knowledge, skill, and ability requirements for teamwork: Implications for human resource management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Stevens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Campion</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0149-2063</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90025" to="90031" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,187.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,197.04,232.03,7.20;14,314.00,207.04,133.32,7.20" xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brainstorming groups in context: Effectiveness in a product design firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Sutton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Hargadon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2393872</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="685" to="718" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,217.04,240.02,7.20;14,314.00,227.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,237.04,143.54,7.20" xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Individual creativity and group ability to utilize individual creative resources: A multilevel model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Taggar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3069349</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="330" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,247.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,257.04,80.87,7.20" xml:id="b110">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The social psychology of groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Thibaut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1959" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,267.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,277.04,232.02,7.20;14,314.00,287.04,231.89,7.20;14,314.00,297.04,68.22,7.20" xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An examination of leadership and employee creativity: The relevance of traits and relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Tierney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Farmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Graen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1744-6570.1999.tb00173.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personnel Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="591" to="620" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,307.04,240.03,7.20;14,314.00,317.04,232.02,7.20;14,314.00,327.04,231.99,7.20;14,314.00,337.04,92.89,7.20" xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An integrated model of feedback-seeking behavior: Disposition, context, and cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vandewalle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Challagalla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.85.6.996</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="996" to="1003" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,347.04,240.00,7.20;14,314.00,357.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,367.04,105.34,7.20" xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">To seek help or not to seek help: The risks of self-disclosure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vogel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-0167.50.3.351</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Counseling Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="361" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,377.04,237.90,7.20;14,306.00,387.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,397.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,407.04,108.67,7.20" xml:id="b114">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the failure to eliminate hypotheses in a conceptual task</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wallas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/17470216008416717</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</title>
		<editor>Harcourt, Brace. Wason, P. C.</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="140" />
			<date type="published" when="1926" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Art of thought</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,417.04,240.00,7.20;14,314.00,427.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,437.04,30.96,7.20" xml:id="b115">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stuck in a rut: The role of creative thinking in problem solving and legal education</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Weinstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Morton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="835" to="879" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,447.04,240.01,7.20;14,314.00,457.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,467.04,232.01,7.20;14,314.00,477.04,105.34,7.20" xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When the presence of creative coworkers is related to creativity: Role of supervisor close monitoring, developmental feedback, and creative personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0021-9010.88.3.413</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="422" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,487.04,240.03,7.20;14,314.00,497.04,232.02,7.20;14,314.00,507.04,162.72,7.20" xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When job dissatisfaction leads to creativity: Encouraging the expression of voice. Academy of Management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/3069410</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="682" to="696" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
