<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Wanting a bird&apos;s eye to understand why: Motivated abstraction and causal uncertainty</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2016-02-02">Available online 2 February 2016</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jae-Eun</forename><surname>Namkoong</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Managerial Sciences Department</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Nevada</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>N. Virginia Street MS 0028</addrLine>
									<postCode>89557</postCode>
									<settlement>Reno</settlement>
									<region>Nevada</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marlone</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Henderson</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Texas</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>108 E. Dean Keeton Stop A8000</addrLine>
									<postCode>78712-1043</postCode>
									<settlement>Austin</settlement>
									<region>TX</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Wanting a bird&apos;s eye to understand why: Motivated abstraction and causal uncertainty</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2016-02-02">Available online 2 February 2016</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2016.01.014</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 15 October 2014 Revised 29 January 2016 Accepted 29 January 2016</note>
					<note>H I G H L I G H T S • Causal uncertainty activates a goal to think abstractly. • Causal uncertainty increases resumption to interrupted abstract thinking task. • a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:11+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Causal uncertainty Abstract thinking Motivated cognition Goal pursuit</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>thinking task completion leads to post-fulfillment decrease in motivation.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>When negative events occur (e.g., a breakup, a mass shooting), people naturally ask themselves why such things happen. Recent research has shown that more abstract thinking about negative events fosters less uncertainty about why those events happened. The present research examined a downstream consequence of this effect, namely, whether causal uncertainty activates a goal to think more abstractly. We drew on principles of goal activation, to show that after leading participants to feel more uncertain about a negative event, they were more likely to resume an experience that afforded an opportunity to think more abstractly (i.e., focusing on similarities rather than differences; Experiments 1A and 1B). In further support of our motivational framework, we also show that after leading participants to feel more uncertain about a negative event, they no longer exhibited a more positive attitude toward an experience that afforded an opportunity to think more abstractly once they had the opportunity to actually engage in more abstract thinking (Experiment 2). Theoretical and practical implications are discussed.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>"Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try."</p><p>[From the book "Oh, the Thinks You Can Think!" by Dr. Seuss]</p><p>People are often motivated to achieve a variety of goals, including behavioral and performance standards <ref type="bibr" coords="1,191.45,625.03,102.05,7.54;1,42.52,635.46,19.63,7.54" target="#b39">(Gollwitzer &amp; Brandstätter, 1997)</ref>, emotional states <ref type="bibr" coords="1,130.67,635.46,74.07,7.54" target="#b42">(Gross &amp; John, 2003)</ref>, and general feelings of competence and belonging <ref type="bibr" coords="1,147.97,645.95,145.59,7.54;1,310.51,537.61,19.63,7.54" target="#b82">(Reis, Sheldon, Gable, Roscoe, &amp; Ryan, 2000)</ref>. Cognitive processes certainly play a key role in such goal pursuits. Indeed, research on motivated reasoning shows that people may strive to arrive at certain conclusions, which allows them to think what they want to think <ref type="bibr" coords="1,401.39,568.96,50.61,7.54" target="#b58">(Kunda, 1990)</ref>. Furthermore, as the opening quote illustrates, people can also be motivated to think in a certain way <ref type="bibr" coords="1,327.63,589.89,95.03,7.54" target="#b38">(Gollwitzer &amp; Bayer, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,424.75,589.89,102.50,7.54" target="#b57">Kruglanski &amp; Webster, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,529.34,589.89,32.26,7.54;1,310.51,600.37,19.25,7.54" target="#b78">Neuberg, 1989)</ref>. The present research tests whether the experience of causal uncertainty motivates people to think at a higher, more abstract level. Specifically, we test key motivational principles established in the goal literature to examine people's pursuit and fulfillment of an abstract thinking goal.</p><p>2002; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,57.37,57.81,90.58,7.54" target="#b27">Ferguson &amp; Bargh, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,150.45,57.81,134.29,7.54;2,33.73,68.24,20.97,7.54" target="#b33">Fitzsimons, Chartrand, &amp; Fitzsimons, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,56.97,68.24,113.09,7.54" target="#b41">Gollwitzer &amp; Moskowitz, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,172.28,68.24,112.51,7.54;2,33.73,78.73,48.34,7.54" target="#b46">Hassin, Aarts, Eitam, Custers, &amp; Kleiman, 2009</ref>). Much of this research focuses on tangible goals (for review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,68.77,89.16,109.94,7.54" target="#b41">Gollwitzer &amp; Moskowitz, 1996)</ref>. For example, motivation researchers commonly deal with goals that center on things such as reducing unhealthy food consumption <ref type="bibr" coords="2,186.08,110.09,98.71,7.54;2,33.74,120.57,19.25,7.54" target="#b81">(Papies, Stroebe, &amp; Aarts, 2008)</ref>, promoting prosocial behavior <ref type="bibr" coords="2,165.58,120.57,90.04,7.54" target="#b116">(Weinstein &amp; Ryan, 2010)</ref>, fostering academic success <ref type="bibr" coords="2,114.07,131.06,150.64,7.54" target="#b31">(Fishbach, Friedman, &amp; Kruglanski, 2003)</ref>, and even engaging in sexual intercourse <ref type="bibr" coords="2,161.67,141.50,119.34,7.54" target="#b0">(Aarts, Gollwitzer, &amp; Hassin, 2004)</ref>.</p><p>Of course, social psychologists have also long been interested in examining less tangible goals, including what we will refer to throughout this article as thinking goals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,217.19,172.91,67.61,7.54" target="#b1">(Andrade, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,183.34,129.25,7.54" target="#b48">Hauser-Cram, Sirin, &amp; Stipek, 2003)</ref>. Thinking goals are desired cognitive states associated with certain thought content or processes. Thinking goals, as they relate to thought content, refer to what people want to think. Motivated reasoning is a manifestation of these goals as it "concerns the outcome of a given reasoning task" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.74,235.67,79.64,7.54">(Kunda, 1990, p. 480)</ref>. For example, people often change their attitudes to match their behavior to reduce cognitive dissonance <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,256.59,82.95,7.54" target="#b24">(Elliot &amp; Devine, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,118.54,256.59,57.75,7.54" target="#b29">Festinger, 1957)</ref>. People also tend to be wishful thinkers who feel motivated to have positive illusions and expectations about themselves, others, and the world <ref type="bibr" coords="2,234.96,277.52,49.84,7.54;2,33.72,287.95,60.73,7.54" target="#b10">(Campbell &amp; Sedikides, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,96.71,287.95,98.94,7.54" target="#b17">Crocker &amp; Luhtanen, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,197.91,287.95,49.49,7.54" target="#b61">Lerner, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,249.65,287.95,35.18,7.54;2,33.72,298.44,53.28,7.54" target="#b75">Murray &amp; Holmes, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,89.09,298.44,61.86,7.54" target="#b117">Weinstein, 1980)</ref>. At other times, people may be motivated to lower the perceived value or importance of objects and events <ref type="bibr" coords="2,60.94,319.36,83.74,7.54" target="#b94">(Taber &amp; Lodge, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,147.17,319.36,137.57,7.54;2,33.72,329.79,19.92,7.54" target="#b106">Veling, Holland, &amp; van Knippenberg, 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Most germane to our research are thinking goals related to modes of thinking, which reflect how people want to think. Indeed, studies have shown that people can be motivated to think in different ways. For instance, people can be motivated to quickly seize definite answers <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.72,382.12,104.34,7.54" target="#b57">(Kruglanski &amp; Webster, 1996)</ref>, be free of biases <ref type="bibr" coords="2,203.11,382.12,56.97,7.54" target="#b78">(Neuberg, 1989)</ref>, think deliberately <ref type="bibr" coords="2,80.43,392.56,98.70,7.54" target="#b38">(Gollwitzer &amp; Bayer, 1999)</ref>, and be creative and openminded <ref type="bibr" coords="2,63.38,403.05,84.03,7.54" target="#b33">(Fitzsimons et al., 2008)</ref>. Since having a goal to think a certain way relates to a process of thinking, it is relatively free of what the end-product of the thought process may be. To illustrate, consider a person who recently ended a romantic relationship. She may have learned from similar past experiences that occupying her mind with distractions helps keep her sad feelings at bay. Thus, her breakup would activate a goal to be distracted. While her thinking goal (distracting oneself) remains constant, the specific content of the goal pursuit could manifest in many forms (e.g., suddenly gaining an interest in baseball, becoming curious about the etiology of words). Similarly, the present research explores the pursuit of a goal to think in a certain way, namely, more abstractly.</p><p>Regardless of whether motivated cognition relates to a particular content or a way of thinking, it can have meaningful effects on people's attention and perception <ref type="bibr" coords="2,161.88,549.50,94.96,7.54" target="#b2">(Balcetis &amp; Dunning, 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.72,559.99,78.67,7.54" target="#b7">Bradley et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,115.61,559.99,129.88,7.54" target="#b107">Veltkamp, Aarts, &amp; Custers, 2008)</ref>, memory <ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.72,570.42,251.10,7.54" target="#b21">(Dijksterhuis, van Knippenberg, Kruglanski, &amp; Schaper, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,580.91,74.89,7.54" target="#b60">Lemay &amp; Neal, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,110.48,580.91,106.58,7.54" target="#b90">Shu, Gino, &amp; Bazerman, 2011)</ref>, information processing <ref type="bibr" coords="2,62.32,591.34,129.40,7.54" target="#b18">(De Dreu, Koole, &amp; Oldersma, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,193.52,591.34,91.24,7.54;2,33.73,601.84,112.51,7.54" target="#b22">Ditto, Scepansky, Munro, Apanovitch, &amp; Lockhart, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,148.55,601.84,77.31,7.54" target="#b94">Taber &amp; Lodge, 2006)</ref>, social interactions (De Grada, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,100.14,612.21,143.39,7.54" target="#b20">Kruglanski, Mannetti, &amp; Pierro, 1999)</ref>, attitudes and judgments <ref type="bibr" coords="2,96.88,622.70,63.54,7.54" target="#b14">(Chernev, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,164.60,622.70,120.17,7.54" target="#b26">Fazio, Zanna, &amp; Cooper, 1977;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,33.73,633.13,94.66,7.54" target="#b62">Lerner &amp; Simmons, 1966)</ref>, and decision-making <ref type="bibr" coords="2,216.88,633.13,67.93,7.54;2,33.73,643.62,108.70,7.54" target="#b19">(De Dreu, Nijstad, &amp; van Knippenberg, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,147.80,643.62,118.50,7.54" target="#b108">Verplanken &amp; Holland, 2002)</ref>. As highlighted here, prior research on motivated cognition has mainly examined its consequences.</p><p>The present research aims to move beyond past work by examining more deeply what it means for a thinking style to be motivated. Specifically, we explore whether principles of goal pursuit apply to people's goal to think in a more abstract way. As far as we know, the present research is the first to directly use key experimental paradigms of motivational principles to test the activation and fulfillment of a goal to adopt a mode of thinking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.2.">Motivation to abstract</head><p>Recently, we investigated the role that abstraction plays in reducing causal uncertainty <ref type="bibr" coords="2,392.02,89.17,125.33,7.54" target="#b77">(Namkoong &amp; Henderson, 2014)</ref>. A basic property of human cognition is that individuals can mentally represent or construe objects and events at different levels of abstraction <ref type="bibr" coords="2,301.72,120.58,156.99,7.54" target="#b8">(Burgoon, Henderson, &amp; Markman, 2013)</ref>. Higher-level, more abstract construals tend to be relatively simpler and more cohesive than lower-level, more concrete construals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,467.70,141.51,52.91,7.54" target="#b83">(Reyna, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,523.09,141.51,29.67,7.54;2,301.73,151.99,65.06,7.54" target="#b98">Trope &amp; Liberman, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,371.88,151.99,109.42,7.54" target="#b101">Vallacher &amp; Wegner, 1987)</ref>. This is because higher-level construals of objects and events emphasize superordinate, central features and omit incidental features without significantly changing the meaning of events. For example, construing a relationship conflict more abstractly would likely involve thinking about more essential, defining aspects of the conflict (e.g., incompatible personality traits that endure over time, or a general theme that emerges consistently across arguments), whereas a more concrete construal would highlight idiosyncratic details about the conflict (e.g., when or where it occurred, or the particulars of how it differs from other conflicts).</p><p>People are at times motivated to think in a more abstract way. For example, people tend to make more global dispositional attributions to explain positive outcomes of their actions, but more situational and context-specific attributions for negative outcomes. This bias is largely based on one's motivation to view the self in a more positive light (for reviews, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,398.73,319.37,117.08,7.54" target="#b10">Campbell &amp; Sedikides, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,520.95,319.37,31.82,7.54;2,301.72,329.80,125.99,7.54" target="#b71">Mezulis, Abramson, Hyde, &amp; Hankin, 2004)</ref>. Similar to this self-serving bias, people may be motivated to generalize favorable aspects of their ingroups and negative aspects of their outgroups <ref type="bibr" coords="2,499.69,350.72,53.11,7.54;2,301.72,361.21,80.72,7.54" target="#b68">(Maass, Salvi, Arcuri, &amp; Semin, 1989)</ref>. These effects are partly explained by a highly salient protective motivation toward ingroups <ref type="bibr" coords="2,476.48,371.65,76.27,7.54;2,301.72,382.13,47.27,7.54" target="#b66">(Maass, Ceccarelli, &amp; Rudin, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,351.19,382.13,152.34,7.54" target="#b67">Maass, Milesi, Zabbini, &amp; Stahlberg, 1995)</ref>. In the present research, we explore another factor that may motivate people to think more abstractly, namely, when people feel uncertain about causal relationships.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.3.">Causal uncertainty as a trigger for an abstraction goal</head><p>Negative life events, such as a breakup, often baffle people because they are difficult to make sense of. One of the first questions people naturally ask themselves in these circumstances is why such things happen <ref type="bibr" coords="2,301.71,486.80,84.94,7.54" target="#b122">(Wong &amp; Weiner, 1981)</ref>. Indeed, the desire to understand causal relationships is such a powerful motive that the lack of understanding can produce a host of negative consequences. For example, research shows that causal uncertainty is associated with social anxiety, depression, and low self-esteem <ref type="bibr" coords="2,393.48,528.59,97.58,7.54" target="#b6">(Boucher &amp; Jacobson, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,492.89,528.59,59.87,7.54;2,301.72,539.02,49.92,7.54" target="#b23">Edwards, Weary, &amp; Reich, 1998)</ref>.</p><p>Prior work has examined the role that causal uncertainty plays in cognitive processing. Specifically, this work has highlighted the cognitive strategies people adopt in order to improve their causal understanding (for a review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,409.89,580.87,123.19,7.54" target="#b113">Weary, Tobin, &amp; Edwards, 2010)</ref>. For example, people who are chronically uncertain about causes and who place high importance on causal understanding tend to examine causal explanations more carefully <ref type="bibr" coords="2,402.94,612.28,81.34,7.54" target="#b96">(Tobin &amp; Weary, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,486.37,612.28,66.44,7.54;2,301.72,622.71,19.35,7.54" target="#b112">Weary &amp; Jacobson, 1997)</ref>. People with high causal uncertainty are also better at adjusting for cognitive heuristics and biases, such as the availability heuristic and correspondence bias <ref type="bibr" coords="2,397.31,643.63,93.33,7.54" target="#b105">(Vaughn &amp; Weary, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,493.61,643.63,59.14,7.54;2,301.72,654.12,92.73,7.54" target="#b114">Weary, Vaughn, Stewart, &amp; Edwards, 2006)</ref>.</p><p>Recently, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,348.04,664.55,98.32,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer and Edwards (2012)</ref> found that causal uncertainty activates an abstract construal, presumably because of people's desire to restore a sense of certainty. Extending their work, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,511.42,685.47,41.31,7.54;2,301.72,695.96,83.90,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref> showed that an abstract construal indeed reduces experiences of causal uncertainty. Together, these findings suggest that causal uncertainty may motivate people to construe events more abstractly. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,390.39,727.32,126.83,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref> provided indirect evidence for how an abstract thinking goal can originate in the first place under circumstances associated with high causal uncertainty. Indeed, it is possible that, over time, people repeatedly benefit from more abstract thinking when experiencing causal uncertainty. And, as a result, people would develop a positive association between causal uncertainty and a more abstract way of thinking. Because of this positive association, experiencing causal uncertainty may activate a goal to think more abstractly. The findings of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,71.83,131.06,107.90,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer and Edwards (2012)</ref> imply that many individuals who experience causal uncertainty may activate, and ultimately fulfill, a goal to think more abstractly. Taken together, previous research hints at the motivational process underlying the relationship between causal uncertainty and abstract thinking.</p><p>The present research directly tests the pursuit of a goal to think in a more abstract way, triggered by causal uncertainty. By doing so, the research presented in this article makes several important contributions to the literature. First, we provide a theoretical mechanism that integrates the findings of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,185.17,225.18,108.41,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer and Edwards (2012)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,58.74,235.67,128.48,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref> to provide a more complete picture of the role that abstraction plays in causal uncertainty. Specifically, we examine the motivational consequences of causal uncertainty both before and after people have an opportunity to actually think more abstractly, and extend the literature on motivated abstraction by introducing an important antecedent, namely, causal uncertainty. Second, we contribute more broadly to the field of motivated cognition, by directly testing the motivational properties of a thinking goal. To test our theory that causal uncertainty activates a goal to think in a more abstract way, the following experiments rely on established guidelines for distinguishing motivational from non-motivational effects <ref type="bibr" coords="3,187.57,350.71,106.04,7.54;3,42.53,361.20,110.71,7.54" target="#b5">(Bargh, Gollwitzer, Lee-Chai, Barndollar, &amp; Trötschel, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,155.43,361.20,138.10,7.54" target="#b34">Förster, Liberman, &amp; Friedman, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,42.53,371.64,78.99,7.54" target="#b70">Martin &amp; Tesser, 2009</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Experiment 1A</head><p>The first experiment used the task interruption and resumption paradigm taken from the self-regulation literature <ref type="bibr" coords="3,242.99,428.67,50.58,7.54;3,42.53,439.10,21.41,7.54" target="#b5">(Bargh et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,66.20,439.10,72.45,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007)</ref> to test our theory that causal uncertainty activates a goal to think more abstractly. A key characteristic of goal pursuit is the high rate of task resumption after disruption <ref type="bibr" coords="3,42.53,470.51,72.38,7.54" target="#b5">(Bargh et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,117.39,470.51,87.43,7.54" target="#b40">Gollwitzer &amp; Liu, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,207.25,470.51,52.67,7.54" target="#b115">Weiner, 1965)</ref>. That is, when people are interrupted while pursuing a goal, they want to return and complete the goal. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.05,491.44,70.33,7.54" target="#b5">Bargh et al. (2001)</ref> found that participants who were primed with a high-performance goal (vs. no goal) during a word puzzle task were more likely to reengage (rather than move on to a more enjoyable task) after the word puzzle had been disrupted.</p><p>Similarly, we hypothesized that participants who experienced high (vs. low) causal uncertainty would be more likely to resume a task after being interrupted if the task afforded the opportunity to think in a more abstract way. In fact, we predicted that heightened causal uncertainty would lead people to resume a task that affords more abstract thinking, but not a task that affords more concrete thinking, even when people could choose to complete a more enjoyable task.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Method</head><p>Eighty-five University of Texas undergraduate students (40 females; M age = 19.67, SD age = 1.03) participated in this experiment for course credit. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,65.76,682.82,3.42,5.03">1</ref> The experiment relied on a 2 (causal uncertainty: high vs. low) × 2 (task construal: abstract vs. concrete) between-participants design.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.1.">Manipulation of uncertainty</head><p>At the beginning of the session, we told participants that there would be a total of three independent parts to the survey (each lasting for 2 min). Specifically, we told them that they would engage in a Relationship Conflict Task, a Picture Impression Task, and a Humor Evaluation Task (in this order). See Appendix A for the descriptions of the tasks.</p><p>In the Relationship Conflict Task, participants recalled a relationship conflict and described it with either high or low casual uncertainty. Following the procedure of Namkoong and Henderson (2014; Experiment 1), we asked participants to either write about aspects of the conflict that they still had difficulty understanding in terms of why it happened (high causal uncertainty condition) or aspects that they now understood very well (low causal uncertainty condition). Specifically, we used the following instructions (low causal uncertainty instructions in parentheses):</p><p>A lot of times, conflicts happen and people don't understand why they happened. Other times, conflicts happen and people fully understand why they happened. For your particular conflict, what are some aspects of this conflict that you have a very difficult time understanding (clear understanding) in terms of why they happened? What things about it do you still not really understand (understand really well)?</p><p>To verify the effectiveness of our manipulation, we created a composite of participants' causal uncertainty by averaging their responses (r = .54, p b .0001) to two 7-point items ("I feel like I have a very good understanding about the conflict." and "I feel like there are many things about this conflict that I still don't fully understand." [reverse-coded]; 1 = Strongly disagree, 7 = Strongly agree).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.2.">Task construal and interruption</head><p>After manipulating and measuring causal uncertainty, we directed participants to an allegedly unrelated survey titled the Picture Impression Task. Here, we randomly assigned participants to either "Focus on Similarities" or "Focus on Differences" between pairs of pictures. Focusing on similarities between things fosters thinking at a more abstract level, whereas focusing on differences between things fosters thinking at a more concrete level <ref type="bibr" coords="3,494.54,518.10,67.02,7.54;3,310.51,528.59,17.52,7.54" target="#b36">(Fujita &amp; Roberts, 2010</ref>; also see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,367.13,528.59,78.24,7.54" target="#b8">Burgoon et al., 2013)</ref>. Indeed, a more abstract construal involves ignoring or assimilating details to create a simpler, more coherent representation of events <ref type="bibr" coords="3,466.58,549.51,94.93,7.54;3,310.51,559.94,48.50,7.54" target="#b64">(Liberman, Sagristano, &amp; Trope, 2002)</ref> For example, when thinking about a person enjoying a picnic at the park and another person doing homework in the library, identifying a common thread between the two events may require considerations of more abstract values and goals (e.g., "they are both engaged in activities that promote their overall wellbeing") while ignoring lower-level details about each event (e.g., "the former event took place at the park, and the latter event in the library").</p><p>In the Picture Impression Task, as the first pair of pictures started to load and when participants could only see the very top portion of the pictures, we abruptly interrupted participants with an unrelated task. The top portion of the pictures had no information so participants were unable to identify the content of the pictures and thus unable to experience a shift in construal level (see Appendix B). We interrupted participants with a typing task that supposedly measured their natural typing speed as a part of the survey data collection process. We emphasized that the sudden interruption was important for capturing their natural typing habits. Forty-nine nonsense words appeared on the screen with an instruction that said "Type all nonsense words accurately in your natural speed." It was important for us to insert an interruption that preoccupied participants' cognitive attention, as we were concerned that abstraction could be achieved by some participants via spontaneous thought (see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,52.78,110.09,95.09,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer &amp; Edwards, 2012)</ref>. The screens that we presented to participants for the task interruption procedure are shown in Appendix B.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.3.">Task resumption</head><p>The dependent variable of this experiment was the proportion of participants who decided to resume the interrupted task. After participants finished typing all nonsense words, they continued to the next screen where they could select to either resume the interrupted Picture Impression Task, or switch to the Humor Evaluation Task instead. We described the Humor Evaluation Task as involving reading and evaluating humorous stories (see Appendix A for the full description). We clearly stated that they could only complete one of the two remaining tasks. To ensure that the perceived duration and required effort of each task did not influence participants' choice, we reminded them again that both tasks would last 2 min, and even told them that each task consisted of the same number of episodes (5 pairs of pictures for the former, and 5 humorous stories for the latter).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.4.">Pilot test for construal manipulation check</head><p>To confirm the notion that focusing on similarities (vs. differences) is considered by participants as affording more abstract thinking, we ran a separate pilot test as a manipulation check. Ninety-seven University of Texas undergraduate students enrolled in psychology courses participated in this test. Except for not having the causal uncertainty manipulation, the procedure of the pilot study was the same as the main study (Experiment 1A). Specifically, participants in the pilot study were told they would be completing two tasks, namely the "Picture Impression Task" and the "Humor Evaluation Task," and they expected each to last 2 min. Then, they were randomly assigned to either the similarity focus condition or the difference focus condition, as in the main experiment. The descriptions used to explain the Picture Impression Task were also identical to those used in the main experiment. Then, as in the main experiment, participants were interrupted as the pictures began to load, but instead of the nonsense word typing task, they were shown manipulation check questions.</p><p>The manipulation check questions were created based on the abstraction literature. Abstract (vs. concrete) cognitive processing requires identifying central meaning and underlying reasons behind events, and finding overarching themes and general patterns (for a review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,69.55,549.55,75.73,7.54" target="#b8">Burgoon et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,147.61,549.55,85.60,7.54" target="#b97">Trope &amp; Liberman, 2003</ref>. Thus, we asked participants "to what extent do you think the Picture Impression Task -finding similarities (differences) across pairs of picturesthat you are about to do will require you to do the following? (1 = not at all, 7 = very much)" Below this question, participants saw the following items: "Focusing on the essence or central meaning of the pictures; Thinking about the fundamental reason behind the actions in each picture; Thinking more abstractly about the pictures; Looking for overarching themes between pictures; Thinking at a more general level; Looking for patterns in the pictures."</p><p>The six items were averaged to form a single measure (α = .77), and we used this measure to examine whether participants in the similarity focus condition found the Picture Impression Task to afford more abstract thinking than those in the difference focus condition. Note that, as in the main experiment, participants did not actually engage in the Picture Impression Task; they simply saw a description of the task and then were interrupted to answer the manipulation check questions. Also following the design of the main experiment, the pilot test was a between-participants design, so they evaluated either the similarity-focus task, or the difference-focus task, but not both. As predicted, an independent t-test revealed that participants in the similarity focus condition thought the Picture Impression Task would evoke more abstract thinking (M = 5.34, SD = .88) compared to those in the difference focus condition (M = 4.35, SD = 1.11; t(95) = 4.83, p b 0.0001, d = .98).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.5.">Pilot test to rule out alternative explanations</head><p>We conducted another pilot study to rule out potential alternative explanations related to perceived task enjoyment and effort. We wanted to ensure that the Humor Evaluation Task was indeed perceived as a more enjoyable alternative and would be chosen at a higher rate if people's goal to think abstractly was not activated. We also wanted to make sure that people experiencing high causal uncertainty were not simply choosing an easier task (as opposed to a task that afforded more abstract thinking). So, in this pilot study, we asked participants how enjoyable and difficult they thought each task would be. Forty-eight University of Texas undergraduate students (30 females; M age = 21.04, SD age = 1.18) participated in the pilot study. For each task (similarity-focused Picture Impression Task, difference-focused Picture Impression Task, and Humor Evaluation Task), participants first read the task description (identical to what was used in the main experiment; see Appendix A), then rated on 7-point scales how difficult they anticipated the task to be, and how fun or enjoyable they anticipated the task to be. We randomized the order of the evaluated tasks.</p><p>To analyze the pilot data, we ran a series of paired t-tests. We first examined the anticipated difficulty associated with each task. Participants thought that the similarity-focused Picture Impression Task (M = 2.85, SD = 1.53) would be significantly more difficult than both the difference-focused Picture Impression Task (M = 2.30, SD = 1.27; t(47) = 2.81, p = .007, d = .39), and the Humor Evaluation Task (M = 2.15, SD = 1.23; t(47) = 3.61, p = .001, d = .50). The difference was not significant between the difference-focused Picture Impression Task and the Humor Evaluation Task (t(47) = 1.29, p = .20). Second, we examined how fun or enjoyable participants thought each task would be. As expected, participants thought the Humor Evaluation Task would be more fun and enjoyable (M = 4.69, SD = 1.63), compared to both the similarity-focus Picture Impression Task (M = 3.85, SD = 1.35; t(47) = 2.98, p = .005, d = .56), and the difference-focus Picture Impression Task (M = 3.60, SD = 1.42; t(47) = 4.03, p = .0002, d = .71). Lastly, there was a marginal gap between the similarity-and difference-focus Picture Impression Tasks (t(47) = 1.95, p = .06, d = .29).</p><p>Returning to our main prediction, we expected that participants experiencing causal uncertainty would show higher rates of task resumption when the interrupted task was associated with more abstract (vs. concrete) thinking. To measure task resumption, we gave participants an opportunity to engage in a more enjoyable task that involved reading humorous stories. The pilot study confirmed that the Humor Evaluation Task was indeed perceived as a more enjoyable alternative to participants. Also, the similarity-focus Picture Impression Task was perceived as the most difficult task of all three, ruling out the possibility that people experiencing causal uncertainty would choose this task simply because it seems easier.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.1.">Manipulation check</head><p>The causal uncertainty manipulation was successful. Participants in the high (vs. low) causal uncertainty condition reported feeling more uncertain about the cause of their relationship conflict (M = 3.27, SD = 1.63 vs. M = 2.31, SD = 1.27; t(83) = 3.03, p b .01, d = .66).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.2.">Task resumption</head><p>A binary logistic regression with uncertainty condition, task construal, and their interaction entered as predictors and the task resumption rate as the dependent variable revealed only the expected interaction effect (B = 1.97, SE = .97, Wald =4.18, p = .04). Among participants in the high causal uncertainty condition, a significantly greater proportion of participants chose to resume if they were interrupted from a more abstract (vs. more concrete) thinking task (M = 78.95% vs. M = 47.83%; B = −1.41, SE = .70, Wald = 4.04, p = .04, OR = 4.09). This difference was not significant in the low causal uncertainty condition (M = 57.69% vs. M = 70.59%; B = .57, SE = .66, Wald = .73, p = .40, OR = 0.57). As shown in <ref type="figure" coords="5,129.42,402.68,36.93,7.54" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1 (left)</ref>, the significant difference in task resumption among participants in the high causal uncertainty condition is driven by both an increased resumption rate of participants interrupted from the similarity focus task, and a decreased resumption rate of participants interrupted from the difference focus task. In other words, as causal uncertainty increased, the likelihood of resuming increased for an opportunity that afforded more abstract thinking, but decreased for an opportunity that afforded more concrete thinking. This is consistent with the notion that goal pursuit involves both approach and avoidance processes <ref type="bibr" coords="5,78.40,496.86,115.49,7.54" target="#b32">(Fishbach, Zhang, &amp; Trope, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,195.75,496.86,67.55,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,265.02,496.86,28.61,7.54;5,42.51,507.29,19.25,7.54" target="#b51">Higgins, 2000)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Potential alternative explanations</head><p>Experiences that facilitate goal attainment are typically evaluated positively, whereas experiences that hinder goal attainment are typically evaluated negatively <ref type="bibr" coords="5,141.94,577.09,72.56,7.54" target="#b34">(Förster et al., 2007)</ref>. For instance, people with an active goal to eat healthy assign more positive value to healthy food and more negative value to unhealthy food <ref type="bibr" coords="5,528.81,287.55,32.69,7.54;5,310.50,298.04,63.64,7.54" target="#b59">(Laran &amp; Janiszewski, 2009</ref>). Indeed, we found that participants who experienced greater causal uncertainty were more (less) attracted to an activity that affords more abstract (concrete) thinking. However, one may wonder whether our effects can be accounted for by people's tendency to desire activities that are easy or emotionally comforting. In the next section, we discuss why these explanations are unlikely to account for our findings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.1.">Anticipated task difficulty</head><p>Is it possible that participants in this experiment expected that focusing on similarities (as opposed to differences) would be easier, leading those with high causal uncertainty to be more likely to resume after being interrupted? Prior research suggests that more abstract thinking is not inherently less effortful compared to more concrete thinking <ref type="bibr" coords="5,380.20,448.07,181.35,7.54" target="#b37">(Fujita, Eyal, Chaiken, Trope, &amp; Liberman, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,310.50,458.50,81.45,7.54" target="#b64">Liberman et al., 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,394.33,458.50,78.26,7.54" target="#b91">Smith &amp; Trope, 2006)</ref>. In fact, the pilot study indicated that identifying similarities between two different pictures was perceived to be more difficult than both of the other tasks. Thus, it is highly unlikely that participants were simply choosing a task that seemed easier.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.2.">Anticipated mood</head><p>One may also question whether participants who experienced causal uncertainty simply gravitated toward experiences that afforded more abstract thinking because they believed such experiences would elicit more positive feelings. Research has found that more abstract thinking can foster positive evaluations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,513.29,577.06,48.29,7.54;5,310.51,587.55,40.08,7.54" target="#b100">(Updegraff &amp; Suh, 2007)</ref>. However, whether more abstract thinking improves   <ref type="bibr" coords="6,100.28,89.16,125.76,7.54" target="#b56">(Kross, Ayduk, &amp; Mischel, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,229.42,89.16,55.36,7.54;6,33.73,99.65,54.52,7.54" target="#b109">Vess, Arndt, &amp; Schlegel, 2011)</ref>. On the other hand, more abstract construals can result in an over-generalization of negative incidents and lead to stronger emotional reactions to negative outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="6,197.15,120.57,87.62,7.54;6,33.73,131.06,20.60,7.54" target="#b15">(Corcoran &amp; Mussweiler, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,56.64,131.06,125.27,7.54" target="#b111">Watkins, Moberly, &amp; Moulds, 2008)</ref>. The task interruption and resumption paradigm used in this experiment rules out this alternative explanation because the alternative task that participants could choose to do involved reading humorous stories. The pilot study confirmed this, showing that participants thought the Humor Evaluation Task would be the most fun and enjoyable. If participants' goal was to simply be in a better mood state, rather than to think more abstractly, we would not have found our demonstrated effect; that for participants experiencing high causal uncertainty, being interrupted from a more abstract (vs. more concrete) task resulted in a higher task resumption rate. In sum, it seems unlikely that differences in anticipated mood can account for our observed effects.</p><p>Experiment 1A confirms our theory that more abstract thinking becomes an active goal when causal uncertainty increases. Using a task interruption and resumption paradigm from prior motivation research, we found that participants with high causal uncertainty were more likely to resume after being interrupted from a more abstract (vs. more concrete) construal task, even when they could choose a more pleasurable task instead. In contrast, task construal was not a significant determinant of task resumption in the low causal uncertainty condition.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Experiment 1B</head><p>The purpose of Experiment 1B was to replicate the effect of Experiment 1A with a larger sample size. We collected data from college students again (N = 212, 136 females; M age = 20.64, SD age = 4.22). Due to the way the subject pool system was set up for these students, the experiment did not take place in a controlled computer lab setting as it did in Experiment 1A. Rather, students received a URL (a web link) to the experiment, and had complete freedom when choosing when and where they could participate. <ref type="table" coords="6,144.62,465.78,26.66,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> summarizes the differences in sample characteristics between the original and replicated experiments. The design and procedure of this experiment were identical to those of Experiment 1A.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.1.">Manipulation check</head><p>The causal uncertainty manipulation was successful. Participants in the high (vs. low) causal uncertainty condition reported feeling more uncertain about the cause of their relationship conflict (M = 3.34, SD = 1.53 vs. M = 2.63, SD = 1.38; t(210) = 3.56, p b .0001, d = .49).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.2.">Task resumption</head><p>A binary logistic regression with uncertainty condition, task construal, and their interaction entered as predictors and the task resumption rate as the dependent variable revealed only the expected interaction effect (B = 1.31, SE = .65, Wald = 4.12, p = .04), replicating the finding from Experiment 1A. The interaction shows that, as causal uncertainty increases, the task resumption rate increases for participants interrupted from a similarity-focus task, but decreases for those interrupted from a difference-focus task. <ref type="figure" coords="6,53.46,695.97,19.87,7.54" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1</ref> shows the findings from Experiments 1A &amp; 1B, side-byside.</p><p>In this experiment, however, the simple effects analysis in the high causal uncertainty condition was not statistically significant (B = .59, SE = .45, Wald = 1.70, p = .19). As illustrated in <ref type="figure" coords="6,262.55,737.82,18.92,7.54" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1</ref>, this is because the overall task resumption rate in the difference focus condition was higher in Experiment 1B compared to Experiment 1A. That is, participants in this experiment were, in general, more likely to resume the Picture Impression Task in the difference focus condition. When people have limited cognitive capacity, they are more likely to focus on differences than on similarities <ref type="bibr" coords="6,301.72,120.60,146.38,7.54" target="#b88">(Sherman, Conrey, &amp; Groom, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,453.64,120.60,99.15,7.54" target="#b87">Sherman &amp; Frost, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,301.72,131.09,141.56,7.54" target="#b89">Sherman, Lee, Bessenoff, &amp; Frost, 1998)</ref>. And we have supporting evidence that many of our participants in this experiment were indeed under high cognitive load.</p><p>As summarized in <ref type="table" coords="6,384.43,162.45,26.09,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>, participants in Experiment 1A completed the study in a controlled lab setting, whereas participants in this experiment were sent a web address via email and completed the study on their own. As one might expect, this led to a significant number of students taking the survey in distracting conditions. Before participants exited Experiments 1A and 1B, we asked them: "Any problems or comments? Is there anything we should know that happened during your session? Were you interrupted by someone or something? … Please be honest and detailed when answering this question… This will not affect your completion status or extra credit earnings in any way."</p><p>In Experiment 1A, only 4 out of 85 students reported being distracted (4.7% of the sample): specifically, 1 student mentioned being distracted by another participant entering the computer lab, 1 student mentioned being distracted by the typing noise of other participants, and 2 students admitted they were listening to music through an earphone. In Experiment 1B, however, out of 212 respondents, 18 (8.5%) admitted to listening to music, 8 (3.8%) said they were watching a video or television, and 34 (16%) reported talking to someone or being in a space where people were talkinge.g., in a classroom during lecture. Together, more than 28% of the sample reported completing Experiment 1B in a distracting environment, which is almost six times greater than that of Experiment 1A. Furthermore, participants in Experiment 1B spent twice as much time completing the identical study, and also spent a longer time during the task interruption phase, compared to those in Experiment 1A (see <ref type="table" coords="6,319.51,434.38,25.40,7.54" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>).</p><p>As noted earlier, a series of studies by Sherman and colleagues have established that when people have limited cognitive resources, they experience an increased inclination to pay attention to differences and inconsistencies (as opposed to similarities and consistencies). This is a plausible explanation for why the baseline preference for the difference focus task is higher in Experiment 1B, compared to Experiment 1A.</p><p>Regardless of this difference between the two experiments, it is important to note that the predicted interaction between casual uncertainty and task construal remains constant in both: that is, as causal uncertainty increased, people were more likely to resume to an abstract thinking task (i.e., focusing on similarities; facilitates goal for abstraction), and less likely to resume to a concrete thinking task (i.e., focusing on differences; hinders goal for abstraction).</p><p>In the next experiment, we seek evidence for post-attainment decrement in motivation after goal satiation. That is, we test whether participants who experience high causal uncertainty cease to show an increased preference for more abstract stimuli once they have had an opportunity to actually engage in more abstract thinking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Experiment 2</head><p>The present experiment continues to examine the notion that causal uncertainty activates a goal to think more abstractly. In this experiment, we again made participants feel more (vs. less) causally uncertain about a relationship problem, and then allowed them to actually think more abstractly (goal fulfillment) or more concretely (goal failure) in order to examine the effect of goal completion on participants' preferences. Researchers have distinguished between motivational and non-motivational phenomena using a variety of goal activation principles, one of them being that motivation diminishes once a goal has been satisfied <ref type="bibr" coords="7,177.22,329.65,71.85,7.54" target="#b5">(Bargh et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,251.49,329.65,42.09,7.54;7,42.52,340.14,47.25,7.54" target="#b27">Ferguson &amp; Bargh, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,92.08,340.14,85.95,7.54" target="#b33">Fitzsimons et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,180.28,340.14,72.03,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,254.62,340.14,38.88,7.54;7,42.52,350.58,77.52,7.54" target="#b41">Gollwitzer &amp; Moskowitz, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,123.03,350.58,104.08,7.54" target="#b59">Laran &amp; Janiszewski, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,230.06,350.58,63.55,7.54;7,42.52,361.07,19.92,7.54" target="#b70">Martin &amp; Tesser, 2009)</ref>.</p><p>When a goal is active, individuals assign positive values to objects and activities that increase the chance of goal attainment, or negative values to objects and activities that hinder goal attainment, or both <ref type="bibr" coords="7,94.86,402.91,94.80,7.54" target="#b27">(Ferguson &amp; Bargh, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,191.40,402.91,70.30,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007)</ref>. For example, people report a greater preference for healthier (tastier) food options when their healthy-eating (indulgence) goal is active <ref type="bibr" coords="7,42.52,434.26,102.53,7.54" target="#b59">(Laran &amp; Janiszewski, 2009)</ref>. Similarly, unconsciously primed goals to seek prestige and thrift increase people's tendency to choose expensive and economic options, respectively <ref type="bibr" coords="7,218.83,455.24,74.71,7.54;7,42.51,465.67,77.73,7.54" target="#b13">(Chartrand, Huber, Shiv, &amp; Tanner, 2008)</ref>. Moreover, the evaluation of and engagement with an activity is higher when its strategic process fits with one's goal-pursuit orientation <ref type="bibr" coords="7,140.54,486.60,60.86,7.54" target="#b51">(Higgins, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,204.22,486.60,89.35,7.54;7,42.51,497.08,101.96,7.54" target="#b52">Higgins, Idson, Freitas, Spiegel, &amp; Molden, 2003)</ref>. These shifts in value serve a selfregulatory function, as people who assign more value to goalrelated targets tend to be more successful in their goal-pursuits <ref type="bibr" coords="7,42.51,528.44,97.86,7.54" target="#b28">(Ferguson &amp; Porter, 2009</ref>). Thus, we predicted that individuals with a goal to think more abstractly would value opportunities that afford more abstract thinking more highly compared to those who do not have this goal.</p><p>Germane to our experiment, decreased motivation is often expressed by a shift in preference or construct accessibility after a goal is fulfilled (for review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="7,169.68,591.21,91.64,7.54" target="#b30">Fishbach &amp; Dhar, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,264.75,591.21,28.80,7.54;7,42.51,601.69,131.74,7.54" target="#b120">Wilcox, Vallen, Block, &amp; Fitzsimons, 2009</ref>). For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="7,241.96,601.69,51.60,7.54;7,42.51,612.13,26.50,7.54" target="#b120">Wilcox et al. (2009)</ref> found that participants revealed a weaker preference for healthy over indulgent food items (e.g., salads over potato chips) if they believed they had fulfilled their health goal. Also, <ref type="bibr" coords="7,257.55,633.05,36.02,7.54;7,42.51,643.54,72.41,7.54" target="#b63">Liberman and Förster (2000)</ref> found that suppressing a construct activates a need to use the construct, but when this need is satisfied, the construct is no longer highly accessible. Thus, we hypothesized that the goal to think more abstractly after experiencing high (vs. low) causal uncertainty should be satisfied once people actually engage in more abstract thinking, leading them to no longer exhibit a more positive attitude toward opportunities that afford more abstract thinking.</p><p>A key benefit of this paradigm is that it allows us to confirm that our effects are indeed driven by motivation, rather than cognitive congruency between participants' actual construal level and evaluated stimuli (i.e., a cognitive fluency account). Research has shown that people are more favorable toward messages, pictures, and products when the level at which these things are represented are congruent with people's cognitive orientations, presumably because of increased ease of processing <ref type="bibr" coords="7,431.78,110.12,99.25,7.54" target="#b55">(Kim, Rao, &amp; Lee, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,536.00,110.12,25.51,7.54;7,310.49,120.61,98.85,7.54" target="#b119">White, MacDonnell, &amp; Dahl, 2011)</ref>. Since <ref type="bibr" coords="7,437.82,120.61,103.57,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer and Edwards (2012)</ref> have already found that priming causal uncertainty actually led to more abstract thinking, one might argue that any preference we observe in the current experiment for abstract stimuli among uncertain individuals is not a consequence of goal activation, but of the cognitive congruency between participants' actual construal level and the evaluated target.</p><p>The design of this experiment allows us to rule out this alternative explanation. If it is cognitive congruency that is driving people's preferences in this experiment, then engaging in an abstract thinking task should increase people's liking of more abstract stimuli. A motivational account, however, predicts the opposite. That is, a more abstract thinking task would satiate the abstract thinking goal, resulting in reduced attraction toward more abstract stimuli among individuals with high causal uncertainty. Because these two potential mechanisms (cognitive fluency vs. goal fulfillment) would lead to different predictions, we can empirically identify the underlying process through this experiment. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,433.36,296.80,3.42,5.03">2</ref> We argued that the abstract thinking goal activated by causal uncertainty is a generalized effect based on past experience <ref type="bibr" coords="7,310.51,329.77,122.08,7.54" target="#b77">(Namkoong &amp; Henderson, 2014)</ref>, and an abstract thinking style is a general mode of processing information which often affects unrelated contexts <ref type="bibr" coords="7,365.61,350.69,79.97,7.54" target="#b8">(Burgoon et al., 2013)</ref>. Thus, the effect of an abstract thinking goal should have an impact even in unrelated contexts. Consistent with this prediction, <ref type="bibr" coords="7,450.71,371.61,110.81,7.54;7,310.51,382.10,26.22,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref> found that thinking at an abstract level in one context successfully reduced causal uncertainty in another, unrelated context. So, in this experiment, we measured participant's preference for advertising messages unrelated to the causal uncertainty manipulation.</p><p>Persuasive messages often vary in their levels of abstractness <ref type="bibr" coords="7,310.51,444.86,207.85,7.54" target="#b16">(Corcoran, Epstude, Damisch, &amp; Mussweiler, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,522.76,444.86,38.88,7.54;7,310.51,455.30,52.16,7.54" target="#b45">Hansen &amp; Wänke, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,364.58,455.30,82.56,7.54" target="#b49">Haws &amp; Poynor, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,449.00,455.30,58.96,7.54" target="#b55">Kim et al., 2009)</ref>. For instance, a marketer may decide to highlight the general desirability of a product (e.g., safety) or specific features of the product (e.g., six airbags). We measured whether participants' preference toward a more abstract advertisement in the high causal uncertainty condition shifted downward as a result of fulfilling an abstract thinking goal.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.">Method</head><p>One hundred and twenty-six University of Texas students (52 females) participated for course credit. This experiment relied on a 2 (causal uncertainty: high vs. low) × 2 (task construal: abstract vs. concrete) between-participants design.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.1.">Manipulation of uncertainty</head><p>As in Experiments 1A and 1B, we first asked participants to recall a specific relationship conflict they had with a close other. On the next screen, participants wrote about causal aspects of the conflict that they either had difficulty understanding (high causal uncertainty) or 2 Given that participants were prevented from actually adopting a higher level of construal in Experiments 1A and 1B, we already have suggestive evidence that a cognitive fluency account is unlikely to explain our findings. understood very well (low causal uncertainty). Then they answered the same manipulation check questions used in the previous experiments.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.2.">Categorization task</head><p>To manipulate goal fulfillment or failure, we then directed participants to an allegedly separate survey where they either completed a more abstract or more concrete thinking task. Specifically, we used a breadth of categorization task modeled after <ref type="bibr" coords="8,202.01,141.50,82.71,7.54;8,33.74,151.98,77.45,7.54" target="#b99">Ülkümen, Chakravarti, and Morwitz's (2010)</ref> task. Categorizing objects into broad and narrow categories reflect more abstract and concrete thinking, respectively <ref type="bibr" coords="8,33.74,172.91,85.78,7.54" target="#b8">(Burgoon et al., 2013)</ref>. In this task, participants categorized 13 daily activities (e.g., doing homework, cleaning the house) either as broadly or as narrowly as possible. To describe what we meant by broad (narrow) categorization to participants, we used the following instructions: "Categorize all activities AS BROADLY (NAR-ROWLY) AS POSSIBLE. Use a SMALL (LARGE) NUMBER OF CATEGORIES. Focusing on the similarities (differences) between these activities is known to help."</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1.3.">Preference</head><p>Finally, in an ostensibly separate survey, we asked participants to indicate their relative preference between two advertisements about a BMW automobile, one being more abstract, and the other being more concrete. We used the abstract and concrete versions of advertisements from <ref type="bibr" coords="8,53.47,319.36,89.24,7.54" target="#b49">Haws and Poynor (2008)</ref>. The abstract advertisement described the automobile using general statements (e.g., "The enjoyment provided to the driver of such an extraordinary mode of transport is practically immeasurable"). The concrete advertisement described the same automobile using detail-oriented information (e.g., "The 750Li offers more legroom for rear-seat occupants, standard 20-way comfort front seats, and chrome roof moldings"). We assessed participants' relative preference by asking them "Which ad message do you like better?" (1 = Definitely Option A, 6 = Definitely Option B). Whether the abstract or concrete advertisement was presented as Option A or B was counterbalanced, although this did not alter the pattern of our results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.">Results and discussion</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.1.">Manipulation checks</head><p>As predicted, the high (vs. low) causal uncertainty group felt more uncertain about their relationship conflict (M = 3.14, SD = 1.61 vs. M = 2.43, SD = 1.12; t(124) = 2.87, p b .01, d = .51). The categorization manipulation was also successful; participants in the broad (vs. narrow) categorization group generated fewer categories (M = 3.83, SD = 2.26 vs. M = 5.55, SD = 2.74, t(124) = 3.85, p b .001, d = .69).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2.2.">Preference</head><p>A 2 (uncertainty: high vs. low) × 2 (construal level: narrow categorization vs. broad categorization) between-participants ANOVA revealed only a significant interaction between causal uncertainty and actual construal level, F(1,122) = 4.26, p = .04, partial η 2 = .03 <ref type="figure" coords="8,228.52,591.35,24.39,7.54" target="#fig_1">(Fig. 2)</ref>. Further analyses of simple effects showed that the narrow categorization conditions, in which the goal to think more abstractly was presumably not fulfilled, conceptually replicated the finding of previous experiments. That is, we found that participants who felt uncertain (vs. certain) about the cause of a problem expressed a greater relative preference for an advertisement with general (vs. detailed) descriptions (M = 4.59, SD = 1.55 vs. M = 3.60, SD = 1.68, t(60) = 2.38, p = .02, d = .61). A very different pattern emerged in the broad categorization conditions. As expected, high causal uncertainty was not associated with a greater preference for the general advertisement, suggesting that participants' abstract thinking goal in the high causal uncertainty condition was satisfied through the broad categorization activity (M uncertain = 3.59, SD uncertain = 1.71 vs. M certain = 3.85, SD certain = 1.77, t(62) = .59, p = .56, d = .15). Also consistent with our theory, participants in the high causal uncertainty condition felt less attracted to the general ad after they completed the broad (vs. narrow) categorization task (M = 3.59, SD = 1.71 vs. M = 4.59, SD = 1.55, t(62) = 2.40, p = .02, d = .61).</p><p>These results support and extend the findings from previous experiments, which demonstrated that causal uncertainty created greater attraction toward opportunities that afforded abstraction, presumably because the goal to think more abstractly was active. In addition, this experiment shows that participants in the high causal uncertainty condition no longer experienced increased attraction toward an experience that afforded more abstract thinking once they completed an activity that actually fostered more abstract (vs. concrete) thinking. Postattainment decrement in motivation is one of the key principles of goal pursuit <ref type="bibr" coords="8,349.48,183.34,75.44,7.54" target="#b34">(Förster et al., 2007)</ref>. Hence, the fact that participants were less likely to prefer the experience that afforded more abstract thinking once they had engaged in abstraction confirms that attraction toward abstraction is indeed a product of goal pursuit rather than cognitive congruency. This finding also extends Helzer and Edwards' (2012) findings, as they did not examine what happens to people's preferences after engaging in abstraction.</p><p>For participants in the low causal uncertainty condition, there should not have been an active goal to think more abstractly. Consequently, no goal should have been satisfied by the categorization task and thus no changes in participants' preferences should have been observed. The results were consistent with this expectation, as the level of abstraction of the categorization task had no effect on participants' advertisement preference in the low causal uncertainty conditions, M abstract = 3.85, SD abstract = 1.77 vs. M concrete = 3.60, SD concrete = 1.68, t(60) = .57, p = .57, d = .15.</p><p>In the absence of a thinking goal (i.e., in low causal uncertainty conditions), the cognitive congruency between the categorization task and the advertisement could have enhanced people's preference for the congruent advertisement message, but it did not. So why did we did not observe the effect of cognitive congruency in the low causal uncertainty condition after participants engaged in a broad or narrow categorization task? One possible explanation is that our experimental procedure focused on testing goal activation, which could have disrupted participants' fluency experience originating from cognitive congruency.</p><p>Indeed, research has shown that the cognitive congruency effect has many boundary conditions. For example, the cognitive congruency effect on persuasion was observed among novices but not among participants who had more knowledge about the topic being evaluated <ref type="bibr" coords="8,301.72,486.71,60.12,7.54" target="#b55">(Kim et al., 2009)</ref>. Moreover, relying on the "feels right" experience, or the mood-as-information heuristic, is less likely when people have the ability and motivation to engage in more deliberate processing <ref type="bibr" coords="8,534.39,507.63,18.33,7.54;8,301.72,518.12,43.56,7.54" target="#b55">(Kim et al., 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,347.86,518.12,86.32,7.54" target="#b86">Schwarz &amp; Clore, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,436.81,518.12,41.21,7.54" target="#b93">Srull, 1987)</ref>. Thus, it is possible that the procedure of recalling a negative event with significant personal relevance, independent of causal uncertainty and the activation of a goal to think more abstractly, lowered the likelihood that participants would rely on heuristics based on cognitive congruency <ref type="bibr" coords="8,516.26,559.96,36.51,7.54;8,301.72,570.39,19.69,7.54" target="#b85">(Schwarz, 2001)</ref>. This may explain why participants who focused on aspects of their negative experiences that they were certain about, were unaffected by the cognitive congruency between their actual construal level and the subsequently presented advertisement.</p><p>Experiment 2 provides further evidence in support of our theory that causal uncertainty motivates people to think more abstractly. That is, the findings from this experiment were consistent with our prediction that an active goal to think at a more abstract level would lead people to prefer more abstract stimuli, but that once the goal is fulfilled, they would no longer be attracted to more abstract thinking.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5.">General discussion</head><p>Tiger got to hunt,Bird got to fly;Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"Tiger got to sleep,Bird got to land;Man got to tell himself he understand.-From the novel Cat's Cradle, Kurt Vonnegut Similar to how people can be motivated to do and be certain things, they can also be motivated to think in certain ways. The present research examines a specific type of thinking goal, namely, a goal to think more abstractly, and demonstrates that this goal is triggered when people experience causal uncertainty. Understanding the cause of events, especially negative ones, is a fundamental human need, and the lack of such understanding can be damaging to one's psychological well-being <ref type="bibr" coords="9,83.56,131.06,100.01,7.54" target="#b6">(Boucher &amp; Jacobson, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,185.82,131.06,76.01,7.54" target="#b23">Edwards et al., 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,264.00,131.06,29.57,7.54;9,42.52,141.50,49.35,7.54" target="#b122">Wong &amp; Weiner, 1981)</ref>.</p><p>In three experiments, we relied on principles of goal activation to test whether people adopt a goal to think in a more abstract way. Specifically, we found that participants who experienced heightened causal uncertainty were more likely to resume an experience that afforded more abstract (vs. concrete) thinking <ref type="figure" coords="9,173.53,193.83,78.60,7.54" target="#fig_0">(Experiments 1A &amp; 1B)</ref>. Moreover, we demonstrated that individuals experiencing high causal uncertainty were more likely to exhibit reduced attraction to an experience that afforded more abstract thinking once they had attained their goal to think more abstractly (Experiment 2). These findings are consistent with the principles of goal activation that highlight persistence prior to goal attainment and decrement in motivation after goal attainment <ref type="bibr" coords="9,42.52,267.03,67.62,7.54" target="#b5">(Bargh et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,112.08,267.03,66.81,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007)</ref>.</p><p>The research presented in this article provides a unique extension of prior work on causal uncertainty and abstract construals. Specifically, we add to Namkoong and Henderson's research (2014) by demonstrating that the uncertainty-reducing benefit of more abstract thinking contributes to an overgeneralized association between causal uncertainty and an abstract thinking style; as a result, experiencing causal uncertainty motivates people to think more abstractly. Our findings also complement <ref type="bibr" coords="9,75.17,350.71,136.00,7.54">Helzer and Edwards' research (2012)</ref> by elucidating the full process by which causal uncertainty may ultimately lead to more abstract construals. That is, whereas Helzer and Edwards demonstrated what happens when people have an unimpeded opportunity to think more abstractly as a function of causal uncertainty, our findings demonstrate what happens when such opportunities are impeded <ref type="bibr" coords="9,263.14,403.05,26.54,7.54;9,42.51,413.48,54.86,7.54">(Experiments 1A &amp; 1B)</ref>, and what happens after such opportunities are taken advantage of (Experiment 2). In other words, integrating our findings with those of <ref type="bibr" coords="9,101.48,434.40,109.80,7.54" target="#b50">Helzer and Edwards (2012)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="9,234.94,434.40,58.64,7.54;9,42.52,444.89,65.33,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref> provides a complete picture of the motivational process by which people pursue an abstract thinking goal to reduce feelings of causal uncertainty. Hence, a key contribution of the current work is that it places causal uncertainty within the broader context of motivated social cognition research, as we directly illustrate the motivational process thought to underlie the often observed causal uncertainty effects on social cognitive processes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.">Broader theoretical implications</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.1.">Motivated abstraction</head><p>Prior research has demonstrated that people are often motivated to evaluate causal relationships at a more abstract level. For example, people often think of personal successes as more global and stable, driven by dispositional, internal forces rather than contextual, external factors <ref type="bibr" coords="9,42.52,612.32,74.00,7.54" target="#b71">(Mezulis et al., 2004)</ref>. Related to this is the goal of ingroup protection, which presumably motivates people to think more abstractly about desirable ingroup behaviors and undesirable outgroup behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="9,267.79,633.24,25.80,7.54;9,42.52,643.67,40.27,7.54" target="#b66">(Maass et al., 1996)</ref>. Furthermore, unexpected behaviors of others are well remembered, possibly because individuals extend cognitive effort to understand unexpected behaviors in connection with other behaviors which may require a more big-picture perspective <ref type="bibr" coords="9,223.28,675.08,50.16,7.54" target="#b47">(Hastie, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,275.46,675.08,18.09,7.54;9,42.52,685.52,19.25,7.54" target="#b92">Srull, 1981)</ref>. As these lines of research demonstrate, people are often motivated to think at a higher or lower level due to a variety of factors. Across our studies, we demonstrate that the experience of causal uncertainty is another factor that can motivate a more abstract construal. We posited such an effect based on prior research demonstrating that abstraction reduces feelings of causal uncertainty <ref type="bibr" coords="9,176.52,737.85,113.27,7.54" target="#b77">(Namkoong &amp; Henderson, 2014)</ref>.</p><p>That is, the benefit of more abstract thinking is presumably learned and generalized over time, leading people to seek abstract thinking under causal uncertainty. Thus, our findings both complement and extend prior work on motivated abstraction.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.2.">Motivated cognition</head><p>Numerous studies have examined the unique characteristics and consequences associated with active and fulfilled goals <ref type="bibr" coords="9,516.42,141.49,45.16,7.54;9,310.51,151.98,47.66,7.54" target="#b27">(Ferguson &amp; Bargh, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,361.48,151.98,74.11,7.54" target="#b34">Förster et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,438.86,151.98,122.68,7.54" target="#b39">Gollwitzer &amp; Brandstätter, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,310.51,162.42,94.44,7.54" target="#b59">Laran &amp; Janiszewski, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,406.97,162.42,67.02,7.54" target="#b120">Wilcox et al., 2009)</ref>. While these studies focused on behavioral goals, or goals related to performance standards, we extend the literature by examining the motivational process behind a goal to adopt a thinking style. Importantly, we demonstrate that thinking goals share a similar feature with behavioral or performance goals. Our findings show that the activation and fulfillment of a thinking goal shape people's preferences toward means that can help them achieve their goal. People also persist through obstacles to satisfy a thinking goal. Therefore, the present research complements prior research on various types of motivated cognition <ref type="bibr" coords="9,497.13,256.59,64.41,7.54" target="#b29">(Festinger, 1957;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,310.51,267.02,91.39,7.54" target="#b33">Fitzsimons et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,406.50,267.02,101.22,7.54" target="#b38">Gollwitzer &amp; Bayer, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,512.28,267.02,49.30,7.54;9,310.51,277.51,55.95,7.54" target="#b57">Kruglanski &amp; Webster, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,368.84,277.51,48.63,7.54" target="#b58">Kunda, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,419.81,277.51,48.69,7.54" target="#b61">Lerner, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,470.82,277.51,90.69,7.54" target="#b75">Murray &amp; Holmes, 1997)</ref> by adding insight into what consequences they might have as active and fulfilled goals.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.3.">Practical implications</head><p>The fact that we demonstrate the effects of causal uncertainty about real problems on people's preferences in unrelated domains implies a number of practical applications of our findings. Many services and products are offered to people who experience uncertainty <ref type="bibr" coords="9,530.81,371.69,30.75,7.54;9,310.51,382.12,20.54,7.54" target="#b43">(Guerra, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,332.63,382.12,77.48,7.54" target="#b110">Villarica &amp; Bailey, 2009</ref>). In times of crises when causal uncertainty is presumably high, telephone "hotlines" are set up, and leaders often try to communicate their support to those who suffer from uncertainty <ref type="bibr" coords="9,310.52,413.53,48.34,7.54" target="#b9">(Burke, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,360.52,413.53,46.72,7.54" target="#b54">Kerley, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,408.99,413.53,63.12,7.54" target="#b76">Nagourney, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,473.78,413.53,55.55,7.54" target="#b118">Wheaton, 2011)</ref>. In business, Toyota developed a problem-solving tool specifically geared toward reducing causal uncertainty related to their business problems <ref type="bibr" coords="9,310.53,444.94,66.94,7.54" target="#b69">(Marksberry, 2012)</ref>. The present research highlights the role of an active abstract-thinking goal, in determining people's behaviors and their attitudes toward framed messages.</p><p>Goals can guide behavior and cognition so that people act and think in ways that are expected to increase their chances of goal fulfillmentthese behaviors include making choices that are relevant to one's goal, but also persistence and continued effort until the goal is fulfilled, even when there are temptations and other obstacles <ref type="bibr" coords="9,508.88,518.14,48.71,7.54" target="#b4">(Bargh, 1994)</ref>. For example, when a consumer is uncertain why her product has failed, and thus is motivated to think more abstractly, she might increase her effort in searching for abstract information or engaging in tasks that involve more abstract cognitive processing (e.g., talking to other consumers about the similarities between this and other product failures). Our findings in Experiments 1A and 1B also suggest that this consumer will show a high level of persistence while doing so, even at emotional costs and even when it requires more cognitive effort.</p><p>Prior work highlights that self-regulatory concerns can determine the effectiveness of framed messages <ref type="bibr" coords="9,458.50,622.75,103.05,7.54;9,310.53,633.24,19.45,7.54" target="#b11">(Cesario, Corker, &amp; Jelinek, 2013)</ref>. Consistent with this idea, our findings in Experiment 2 suggest that when targeting people who are uncertain about why negative events happen, presenting information at a higher, more abstract level can be effective at capturing their attention and interest. For example, a couple trying to understand why they constantly argue should be more attracted to a counselor whose practice aims to facilitate more global communication between them. Our findings also imply that marketers should benefit from using broader descriptions about their products and services when targeting consumers who are known to be casually uncertain about a problem; similarly, abstract language in advertisements should be more beneficial in industries that are inherently associated with higher causal uncertainty (e.g., medical services or death care businesses).</p><p>The present research can also provide insight for effective communication strategies for political leaders. Constituencies should be particularly receptive to public officials who frame their messages in more abstract terms during times when people are prone to feel causally uncertain (e.g., during the aftermath of a natural disaster). Indeed, leaders' approval during times of public uncertainty often hinges on their ability to communicate a broad vision or higher level meaning and avoid bombarding people with trivial details <ref type="bibr" coords="10,180.81,403.02,40.61,7.54" target="#b65">(Loth, 2009</ref>). Moreover, because causal uncertainty activates a motivational process toward achieving an abstract thinking style, such implications are pertinent only until this goal is satisfied. This makes the timing of targeted communication strategies a highly relevant factor in determining their effectiveness.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6.4.">Future directions</head><p>A promising direction for future research would be to examine moderating factors that intensify or dampen the effects found in the present research. For example, one should expect that the degree to which more abstract construals have reduced one's causal uncertainty in the past should moderate the degree to which causal uncertainty motivates one to think more abstractly in the future. In other words, if thinking more abstractly was not beneficial in the past, it is unlikely that one develops a positive association between the experience of causal uncertainty and more abstract thinking. To illustrate, consider feelings of causal uncertainty associated with positive events (e.g., pleasant surprises). People may be eager to know what caused positive events and even successfully reduce feelings of causal uncertainty via an abstraction process; however, uncovering the reason behind these events can dampen the excitement <ref type="bibr" coords="10,169.80,643.65,115.00,7.54;10,33.73,654.08,49.65,7.54" target="#b121">(Wilson, Centerbar, Kermer, &amp; Gilbert, 2005)</ref>. In other words, for positive events, causal uncertainty is likely associated not only with reduced causal uncertainty but also with reduced pleasant emotions. Thus, the positive association between abstract thinking and causal uncertainty could be weaker, and the goal to think abstractly may not be activated as strongly for positive events. As we only examined the effects of causal uncertainty surrounding negative events in this research, we look forward to future work that examines similar processes in the context of positive events.</p><p>Another potential moderator, related to the discussion above, is culture. As we further explored the data of this paper's experiments, we found an additional, notable pattern. Interestingly, when we only analyzed the responses of participants whose reported first language is English, we found that our proposed effect was significantly stronger in all studies (Experiments 1A, 1B, and 2). <ref type="table" coords="10,463.53,361.22,27.12,7.54">Table 2</ref> summarizes the key findings. We do not believe this is due to language barrier (e.g., inability to comprehend study questions or instructions) for a couple of reasons. First, participants in all of our experiments were university students at a well-established institution. Second, the overall fluency level was very high. For example in Experiment 2, we asked "How fluent is your English?" (1 = not at all, 7 = very much), and only 5% of the sample selected a point below 7, despite the fact that 19% of the participants said their first language was not English. In addition, when English fluency was included in the model as a control variable, it was not significant and had no impact on other variables.</p><p>Thus, we believe that culture is a potential moderator, independent of language fluency. In an attempt to better understand our findings, we examined the data from <ref type="bibr" coords="10,387.47,507.67,118.57,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref>, because the proposed psychological mechanism of the present research was based on this paper. The present research proposes that an abstract-thinking goal should be activated when facing causal uncertainty because, as shown in <ref type="bibr" coords="10,336.85,549.51,119.98,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref>, people feel less uncertain about why things happen after they get a chance to think abstractly. As individuals repeatedly experience the benefit of abstract thinking for reducing causal uncertainty, later, a goal to think abstractly is presumably automatically activated when people experience causal uncertainty. Indeed, when we examined the data from <ref type="bibr" coords="10,495.38,601.78,57.39,7.54;10,301.72,612.21,63.58,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref>, all of which were collected via Amazon Mechanical Turk, the percentages of non-native English speakers were only 4% or less across all of the experiments, significantly lower than those of the present research. This suggests that the proposed mechanism and effect of this line of research may not apply the same way to people with different cultural backgrounds.</p><p>Prior research suggests that culture can determine how people process similarities and differences. For example, individuals in Eastern cultures tend to think more holistically than their Western counterparts, meaning, they are more prone to see connections between disparate events <ref type="bibr" coords="10,329.11,716.82,85.33,7.54" target="#b44">(Han &amp; Schmitt, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,417.71,716.82,80.34,7.54" target="#b73">Monga &amp; John, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,501.33,716.82,51.38,7.54;10,301.73,727.31,97.41,7.54" target="#b79">Nisbett, Peng, Choi, &amp; Norenzayan, 2001)</ref>. For individuals with an Eastern cultural background, focusing on similarities the same way those from Western <ref type="table" coords="10,33.73,58.07,21.22,6.03">Table 2</ref> Comparison of key findings (interactions, and simple effects in high causal uncertainty conditions) examined with (left) and without (right) participants whose reported first language is not English.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>All participants</head><p>Participants whose first language is English cultures do may not be as beneficial, because the holistic thinking style would lead them to see relationships between highly distinctive events even when lacking logical connections. Despite the consistent pattern we observe in our data, closely examining this potential cultural moderator is beyond the scope of the present research because we do not have a large enough number of non-native English speakers in our samples.</p><p>We also lack information about the precise cultural background of the non-native English speakers in our samples. Thus, we believe this is an important area for future research. Researchers should also examine whether an abstract thinking goal is activated and/or operated automatically <ref type="bibr" coords="11,197.85,162.42,49.45,7.54" target="#b4">(Bargh, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,249.51,162.42,44.08,7.54;11,42.52,172.91,47.26,7.54" target="#b12">Chartrand &amp; Bargh, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,92.68,172.91,66.38,7.54" target="#b74">Moskowitz, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,162.01,172.91,131.55,7.54;11,42.52,183.34,59.51,7.54" target="#b80">Oettingen, Grant, Smith, Skinner, &amp; Gollwitzer, 2006)</ref>. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="11,153.35,183.34,44.93,7.54" target="#b4">Bargh (1994)</ref>, the activation and pursuit of a goal can be automatic in different ways. For example, people may lack awareness of the activation and pursuit of a goal. People may also lack the ability to decide when to activate or deactivate a goal, even if they have awareness. Finally, if a goal is automatic, it would take very little effort to pursue the goal. The present research hints at some of these possibilities for an abstract thinking goal. For instance, the fact that we found preference shifts in domains unrelated to the source of causal uncertainty (both Experiments 1 and 2) suggests that participants lack awareness in one or more stages of their goal pursuit. For example, it is likely people are unaware that experiencing causal uncertainty causes any preference for stimuli that can afford more abstract thinking. Yet, people may become aware that they are seeking abstract things or opportunities to think in more abstract ways. Also, we found that distracting people with a typing task prevented them from spontaneously engaging in abstract thoughts (Experiment 1), which could mean that pursuing an abstract thinking goal is not highly efficient. These are questions that are worth exploring not only from a theoretical point of view but also from a practical point of view, because they can shed light on the strength and effectiveness of subtle abstract persuasive appeals.</p><p>Future research should also examine whether the effect of causal uncertainty on abstract thinking applies only to causal uncertainty or more broadly to other types of uncertainty. The present research focuses on understanding causality in past events, but people experience uncertainty in various domains, including uncertainties about future outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="11,69.39,455.32,114.98,7.54" target="#b104">(Van Dijk &amp; Zeelenberg, 2007)</ref>, the environment <ref type="bibr" coords="11,258.74,455.32,34.85,7.54;11,42.52,465.81,65.91,7.54" target="#b72">(Mittal &amp; Griskevicius, 2014)</ref>, affective states <ref type="bibr" coords="11,168.88,465.81,86.21,7.54" target="#b95">(Tiedens &amp; Linton, 2001)</ref>, and even the self <ref type="bibr" coords="11,71.60,476.30,47.78,7.54" target="#b53">(Hogg, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,121.77,476.30,171.69,7.54" target="#b84">Rios, Markman, Schroeder, &amp; Dyczewski, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,42.52,486.73,91.49,7.54" target="#b103">Van den Bos &amp; Lind, 2002)</ref>. We based our predictions on previous findings by <ref type="bibr" coords="11,70.99,497.22,123.46,7.54" target="#b77">Namkoong and Henderson (2014)</ref>, which demonstrated that abstract thinking enables people to form simpler mental representations of causal relationships, thus reducing feelings of causal uncertainty. It is possible that abstraction also simplifies mental representations of future events, the environment, affective experiences, and selfconcepts. Consequently, experiencing uncertainty in these domains could activate an abstract thinking goal, although this remains to be an open question and potential for future research. On the other hand, it is also possible that certain types of uncertainty might even trigger concrete-thinking goals. For example, one might argue that uncertainty about how (as opposed to why) things happen is better resolved by focusing on the details <ref type="bibr" coords="11,393.82,162.46,133.96,7.54" target="#b35">(Freitas, Gollwitzer, &amp; Trope, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,531.40,162.46,30.13,7.54;11,310.54,172.95,57.97,7.54" target="#b97">Trope &amp; Liberman, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,370.46,172.95,93.98,7.54" target="#b102">Vallacher &amp; Wegner, 1989)</ref>.</p><p>More broadly, it may be of interest to researchers to test the motivational principles underlying other types of motivated cognitions beyond abstraction. For example, how would people react when their goal to form accurate impressions of others <ref type="bibr" coords="11,444.39,214.79,60.52,7.54" target="#b78">(Neuberg, 1989)</ref> is interrupted? Also, what would happen after people fulfill their need for cognitive closure <ref type="bibr" coords="11,328.39,235.71,108.95,7.54" target="#b57">(Kruglanski &amp; Webster, 1996)</ref>? Similarly, how would people respond if their attempt at restoring their belief in a just-world <ref type="bibr" coords="11,532.97,246.14,28.62,7.54;11,310.53,256.63,21.62,7.54" target="#b61">(Lerner, 1980)</ref> was interrupted or if other means to reach the same goal were provided? As illustrated by these empirical questions, using experimental paradigms for testing motivational principles can provide a more indepth understanding about the constructs of interest.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="7.">Coda</head><p>The present research demonstrated a novel reaction to causal uncertainty, namely, the pursuit of a goal to think more abstractly. This is a useful goal to have, as indicated by recent findings showing that abstraction makes people feel more certain about why negative events happen. The research presented in this article demonstrates how directly examining the pursuit and completion of a thinking goal can shed unique insights into what it means for a cognition to be motivated. We look forward to continued research that examines the interplay between motivation and cognitive processing more broadly.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,42.52,229.85,519.00,6.03;5,42.52,238.42,110.14,6.03"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Task resumption rate in Experiments 1A (left) and 1B (right). Predicted probabilities (based on a binary logistic regression model) of task resumption as a function of causal uncertainty and interrupted task focus.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="7,42.52,210.18,251.08,6.03;7,42.52,218.74,250.99,6.03;7,42.52,227.31,250.98,6.03;7,42.52,235.92,251.10,6.03;7,42.52,244.48,17.45,6.03"><head>Fig. 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Advertisement preference in Experiment 2. Mean liking of general advertisement relative to detailed advertisement (1 = Definitely like detailed advertisement, 6 = Definitely like general advertisement) as a function of causal uncertainty and categorization activity in Experiment 2. Error bars denote one standard error around the mean.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="5,42.52,638.16,509.59,102.14"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Summary of data characteristics of Experiments 1A (left) and 1B (right). emotional states when people are focused on negative events is unclear. On one hand, research suggests that more abstract construals can provide a psychological buffer against negative evaluations and experiences</figDesc><table coords="5,48.47,661.23,503.64,79.06">Experiment 1A (N = 85) 
Experiment 1B (N = 212) 

Gender; age 
40 females; M age = 19.67, SD age = 1.03 
136 females; M age = 20.64, SD age = 4.22 
Institution 
Undergraduate students in University of Texas 
marketing classes 

Undergraduate students in (1) University of Texas psychology classes, and (2) University of 
Nevada marketing classes 
Participation environment Computer lab with proctor guidance 
Survey link distributed to students; students completed survey at their own time &amp; location 
without proctor 
Avg. study duration 
11 min 
21 min 
Avg. typing interruption 
duration 

96 s 
118 s 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="10,39.68,102.81,464.17,160.24"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>SE = .97, p = .04 B = 3.26, SE = 1.40, p = .02 Task resumption in high causal uncertainty M similarity = 78.95% M difference = 47.83% B = 1.41, SE = .70, p = .04, OR = 4.09 M similarity = 92.31% M difference = 47.37% B = 2.59, SE = 1.14 p = .02, OR = 13.33 Exp. 1B Sample size 212 171 Interaction B = 1.31, SE = .65, p = .04 B = 2.01, SE = .76, p = .008 Task resumption in high causal uncertainty M similarity = 78.26% M difference = 66.67% B = .59, SE = .45 p = .19, OR = 1.80</figDesc><table coords="10,39.68,102.81,449.89,160.24">Exp. 1A 
Sample size 
85 
64 
Interaction 
B = 1.97, M similarity = 84.62% 
M difference = 64.00% 
B = 1.13, SE = .53 
p = .03, OR = 3.09 
Exp. 2 
Sample size 
126 
102 
Interaction 
F(1,122) = 4.26, p = .04 
partial η 2 = .03 

F(1,98) = 4.11, p = .04 
partial η 2 = .04 
Preference for general ad in high causal uncertainty 
M broad = 3.59 
M narrow = 4.59 
t(62) = 2.40, p = .02 
d = .61 

M broad = 3.53 
M narrow = 4.84 
t(49) = 2.71, p = .009 
d = .76 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">Sample sizes were determined based on the availability of subject pool resources.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank Bertram Gawronski for his helpful feedback on the manuscript, and offer special thanks to Bob Josephs.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" />			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,73.95,251.09,6.03;13,54.48,81.89,239.10,6.03;13,54.48,89.88,70.68,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Goal contagion: Perceiving is for pursuing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Aarts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hassin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.87.1.23</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.87.1.23" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,97.82,251.03,6.03;13,54.48,105.81,189.57,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Teaching with rubrics: The good, the bad, and the ugly</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Andrade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3200/CTCH.53.1.27-31</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.3200/CTCH.53.1.27-31" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">College Teaching</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,113.75,251.10,6.03;13,54.48,121.75,239.02,6.03;13,54.47,129.74,131.51,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">See what you want to see: Motivational influences on visual perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Balcetis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Dunning</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.4.612</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.91.4.612" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="612" to="625" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,137.68,251.03,6.03;13,54.47,145.68,239.06,6.03;13,54.47,153.62,55.20,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive dissonance and the perception of natural environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Balcetis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Dunning</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9280.2007.02000.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9280.2007.02000.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="917" to="921" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,161.61,251.03,6.03;13,54.48,169.61,239.19,6.03;13,54.48,177.54,216.08,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The four horsemen of automaticity: Intention, awareness, efficiency, and control in social cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bargh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of social cognition</title>
		<editor>R. S. WyerJr., &amp; T. K. Srull</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hillsdale, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="40" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.)1.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,185.54,251.00,6.03;13,54.47,193.48,239.05,6.03;13,54.47,201.47,239.04,6.03;13,54.47,209.41,61.39,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The automated will: Nonconscious activation and pursuit of behavioral goals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bargh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lee-Chai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Barndollar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Trötschel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.81.6.1014</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.81.6.1014" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1014" to="1027" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,217.41,250.99,6.03;13,54.47,225.40,239.07,6.03;13,54.47,233.34,28.44,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal uncertainty during initial interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Boucher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/ejsp.1876</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ejsp.1876" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="652" to="663" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.50,241.34,251.09,6.03;13,54.46,249.27,239.06,6.03;13,54.46,257.27,185.76,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Activation of the visual cortex in motivated attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sabatinelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Fitzsimmons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Desai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0735-7044.117.2.369</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0735-7044.117.2.369" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="369" to="380" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.49,265.27,251.09,6.03;13,54.46,273.20,239.09,6.03;13,54.46,281.20,198.85,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">There are many ways to see the forest for the trees: A tour guide for abstraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Burgoon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Henderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Markman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1745691613497964</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1745691613497964" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="501" to="520" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.48,289.14,251.10,6.03;13,54.44,297.13,239.13,6.04;13,54.44,305.08,217.90,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">World Trade Center tragedy: How you can help</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Burke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.nursezone.com/nursing-news-events/more-news/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nursing News</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Update-World-Trade-Center-Tragedy-How-You-Can-Help_29042.aspx</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,313.02,251.02,6.03;13,54.48,321.02,239.16,6.03;13,54.48,328.96,87.18,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-threat magnifies the self-serving bias: A meta-analytic integration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Sedikides</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1089-2680.3.1.23</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/1089-2680.3.1.23" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of General Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="43" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,336.95,251.03,6.03;13,54.48,344.89,239.09,6.03;13,54.48,352.89,77.09,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A self-regulatory framework for message framing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cesario</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Corker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jelinek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2012.10.014</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2012.10.014" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="238" to="249" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,360.88,251.02,6.03;13,54.48,368.82,239.16,6.03;13,54.48,376.82,239.12,6.03;13,54.47,384.75,104.59,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Automatic activation of impression formation and memorization goals: Nonconscious goal priming reproduces effects of explicit task instructions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chartrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bargh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.71.3.464</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.71.3.464" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="464" to="478" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,392.75,250.99,6.03;13,54.47,400.69,239.09,6.03;13,54.47,408.68,22.78,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nonconscious goals and consumer choice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chartrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Shiv</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tanner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/588685</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/588685" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="189" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,416.68,251.10,6.03;13,54.47,424.62,239.16,6.03;13,54.47,432.61,59.29,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of common features on consumer preferences: A case of confirmatory reasoning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Chernev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/319622</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/319622" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="475" to="488" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,440.55,251.00,6.03;13,54.47,448.55,239.05,6.03;13,54.47,456.54,166.49,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cognitive miser&apos;s perspective: Social comparison as a heuristic in self-judgements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Corcoran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mussweiler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/10463283.2010.508674</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10463283.2010.508674" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Review of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="113" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.50,464.48,251.13,6.03;13,54.46,472.48,239.06,6.03;13,54.46,480.41,239.04,6.03;13,54.46,488.41,29.52,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fast similarities: Efficiency advantages of similarity-focused comparisons</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Corcoran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Epstude</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Damisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mussweiler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0023922</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0023922" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1280" to="1286" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.50,496.40,251.00,6.03;13,54.47,504.34,239.01,6.03;13,54.46,512.34,37.52,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Collective self-esteem and ingroup bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Crocker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Luhtanen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.58.1.60</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.58.1.60" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.50,520.28,250.99,6.03;13,54.46,528.27,239.04,6.03;13,54.46,536.16,239.19,6.08;13,54.48,544.16,93.92,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the seizing and freezing of negotiator inferences: Need for cognitive closure moderates the use of heuristics in negotiation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K W</forename><surname>De Dreu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Koole</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Oldersma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167299025003007</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167299025003007" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="348" to="362" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.52,552.16,251.02,6.03;13,54.48,560.09,239.07,6.03;13,54.48,568.09,194.90,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated information processing in group judgment and decision making</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K W</forename><surname>De Dreu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nijstad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Van Knippenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1088868307304092</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1088868307304092" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="22" to="49" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,576.03,250.98,6.03;13,54.48,584.02,239.06,6.03;13,54.48,592.02,239.05,6.03;13,54.47,599.96,90.86,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated cognition and group interaction: Need for closure affects the contents and processes of collective negotiations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>De Grada</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kruglanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mannetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pierro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1006/jesp.1999.1376</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1006/jesp.1999.1376" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="346" to="365" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,607.95,251.12,6.03;13,54.47,615.89,239.06,6.03;13,54.47,623.89,239.14,6.03;13,54.48,631.82,15.69,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated social cognition: Need for closure effects on memory and judgment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dijksterhuis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Van Knippenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kruglanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Schaper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1006/jesp.1996.0012</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1006/jesp.1996.0012" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="254" to="270" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,639.82,250.95,6.03;13,54.48,647.81,239.06,6.03;13,54.48,655.75,239.09,6.03;13,54.48,663.75,57.47,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated sensitivity to preference-inconsistent information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Ditto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Scepansky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Munro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Apanovitch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lockhart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.75.1.53</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.75.1.53" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="53" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,671.69,251.00,6.03;13,54.48,679.68,239.06,6.03;13,54.48,687.68,179.30,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal uncertainty: Factor structure and relation to the Big Five personality factors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Reich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167298245001</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167298245001" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="451" to="462" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.51,695.62,251.00,6.03;13,54.47,703.61,239.06,6.03;13,54.47,711.55,178.79,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the motivational nature of cognitive dissonance: Dissonance as psychological discomfort</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Devine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.67.3.382</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.67.3.382" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="382" to="394" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,42.50,719.54,251.10,6.03;13,54.46,727.48,239.00,6.03;13,54.46,735.48,211.90,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Approach-avoidance motivation in personality: Approach and avoidance temperaments and goals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Thrash</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.82.5.804</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.82.5.804" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="804" to="818" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,56.52,251.05,6.03;13,322.45,64.51,239.06,6.03;13,322.45,72.45,239.10,6.03;13,322.45,80.45,72.55,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dissonance and self-perception: An integrative view of each theory&apos;s proper domain of application</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fazio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Zanna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0022-1031(77)90031-2</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/0022-1031" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90031" to="90033" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,88.35,251.11,6.07;13,322.47,96.34,239.02,6.03;13,322.47,104.28,131.51,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Liking is for doing: The effects of goal pursuit on automatic evaluation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ferguson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bargh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.87.5.557</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.87.5.557" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="557" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,112.28,251.09,6.03;13,322.46,120.27,239.04,6.03;13,322.46,128.21,129.29,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Goals and (implicit) attitudes: A social-cognitive perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ferguson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Porter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The psychology of goals</title>
		<editor>G. B. Moskowitz, &amp; H. Grant</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="454" to="460" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,136.21,251.09,6.03;13,322.46,144.15,16.04,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A theory of cognitive dissonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Festinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1957" />
			<publisher>Stanford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Stanford, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,152.14,251.11,6.03;13,322.47,160.14,239.04,6.03;13,322.46,168.07,78.44,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dynamics of goal-based choice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fishbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Dhar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of consumer psychology</title>
		<editor>C. P. Haugtvedt, P. M. Herr, &amp; F. R. Kardes</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Psychology Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="611" to="637" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,176.07,251.11,6.03;13,322.46,184.01,239.09,6.03;13,322.46,192.00,229.47,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leading us not into temptation: Momentary allurements elicit overriding goal activation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fishbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Friedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kruglanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.84.2.296</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.84.2.296" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="296" to="309" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,200.00,251.13,6.03;13,322.46,207.94,239.06,6.03;13,322.46,215.93,166.04,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Counteractive evaluation: Asymmetric shifts in the implicit value of conflicting motivations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fishbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2009.09.008</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2009.09.008" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,223.87,251.04,6.03;13,322.45,231.77,239.05,6.38;13,322.45,239.80,200.00,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Automatic effects of brand exposure on motivated behavior: How Apple makes you &quot;think different</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fitzsimons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chartrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Fitzsimons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/527269</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/527269" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.48,247.80,251.02,6.03;13,322.44,255.80,239.05,6.03;13,322.44,263.73,239.07,6.03;13,322.44,271.73,83.27,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seven principles of goal activation: A systematic approach to distinguishing goal priming from priming of non-goal constructs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Förster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Friedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1088868307303029</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1088868307303029" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="233" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.48,279.67,251.01,6.03;13,322.45,287.66,239.05,6.03;13,322.45,295.66,239.05,6.03;13,322.45,303.60,36.16,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of abstract and concrete mindsets on anticipating and guiding others&apos; self-regulatory efforts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Freitas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2004.04.003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2004.04.003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="739" to="752" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,311.59,251.11,6.03;13,322.45,319.49,239.07,6.08;13,322.47,327.48,68.59,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Promoting prospective self-control through abstraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Fujita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2010.05.013</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2010.05.013" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1049" to="1054" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,335.42,251.03,6.03;13,322.47,343.41,239.01,6.03;13,322.47,351.41,154.02,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influencing attitudes toward near and distant objects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Fujita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Eyal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chaiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2007.10.005</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2007.10.005" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="562" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,359.35,251.06,6.03;13,322.46,367.34,239.14,6.03;13,322.46,375.28,152.15,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deliberative versus implemental mindsets in the control of action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Bayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Dual-process theories in social psychology</title>
		<editor>S. Chaiken, &amp; Y. Trope</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="403" to="422" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,383.28,251.01,6.03;13,322.46,391.27,239.18,6.03;13,322.47,399.21,82.70,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implementation intentions and effective goal pursuit</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Brandstätter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.73.1.186</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.73.1.186" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="186" to="199" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,407.21,250.95,6.03;13,322.47,415.14,239.06,6.03;13,322.47,423.14,239.01,6.03;13,322.46,431.08,88.62,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Enzyklopaedie der psychologie: Motivation, volition und handlung [Encyclopedia of psychology: Motivation, volition, and action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. Kuhl, &amp; H. Heckhausen</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Hogrefe</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="240" />
			<pubPlace>Goettingen, Germany</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Wiederaufnahme [Resumption. C4.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,439.07,251.00,6.03;13,322.47,447.07,239.04,6.03;13,322.47,455.01,129.29,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Goal effects on action and cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Social psychology: Handbook of basic principles</title>
		<editor>E. T. Higgins, &amp; A. W. Kruglanski</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="361" to="399" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,463.00,251.04,6.03;13,322.47,470.94,239.08,6.03;13,322.47,478.94,229.47,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Individual differences in two emotion regulation processes: Implications for affect, relationships, and well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.85.2.348</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.85.2.348" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="348" to="362" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,486.93,250.99,6.03;13,322.46,494.87,239.08,6.03;13,322.46,502.86,118.37,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Coping with stress and uncertainty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Guerra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.campusrec.illinois.edu/wellnesscenter/underPressure/coping_socialSupport.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Retrieved from University of Illinois Wellness Center website</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,510.80,251.06,6.03;13,322.46,518.80,239.07,6.03;13,322.46,526.79,194.98,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product-category dynamics and corporate identity in brand extensions: A comparison of Hong Kong and US consumers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Han</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="//www.jstor.org/stable/25048683" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,534.64,251.02,6.38;13,322.45,542.73,239.06,6.03;13,322.45,550.67,239.09,6.03;13,322.45,558.66,61.39,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Truth from language and truth from fit: The impact of linguistic concreteness and level of construal on subjective truth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wänke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167210386238</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167210386238" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1576" to="1588" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,566.60,251.11,6.03;13,322.45,574.59,239.12,6.03;13,322.45,582.59,239.04,6.03;13,322.45,590.53,156.61,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Oxford handbook of human action: Social cognition and social neuroscience</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hassin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Aarts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Eitam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Custers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kleiman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>E. Morsella, J. A. Bargh, &amp; P. M. Gollwitzer</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="549" to="566" />
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Non-conscious goal pursuit and the effortful control of behavior</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.49,598.52,251.11,6.03;13,322.45,606.41,239.19,6.09;13,322.47,614.40,217.96,6.03" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Memory for behavioral information that confirms or contradicts a personality impression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hastie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>R. Hastie, T. M. Ostrom, &amp; E. B. Ebbesen</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="178" />
			<pubPlace>Hillsdale, N.J.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Person memory: The cognitive basis of social perception</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.50,622.40,251.11,6.03;13,322.46,630.34,239.06,6.03;13,322.46,638.33,239.09,6.03;13,322.47,646.27,41.09,6.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When teachers&apos; and parents&apos; values differ: Teachers&apos; ratings of academic competence in children from low-income families</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hauser-Cram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sirin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Stipek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-0663.95.4.813</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-0663.95.4.813" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Educational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="813" to="820" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,654.27,251.02,6.03;13,322.47,662.20,239.07,6.03;13,322.48,670.20,22.78,6.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seize the day! Encouraging indulgence for the hyperopic consumer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Haws</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Poynor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/592129</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/592129" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="680" to="691" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,678.19,251.10,6.03;13,322.48,686.13,239.12,6.03;13,322.48,694.13,12.12,6.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal uncertainty prompts abstract construal of behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Helzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/soco.2012.30.5.519</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1521/soco.2012.30.5.519" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="536" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,701.97,251.02,6.38;13,322.48,710.06,197.16,6.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making a good decision: Value from fit</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0003-066X.55.11.1217</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0003-066X.55.11.1217" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1217" to="1230" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,310.51,718.06,250.97,6.03;13,322.48,725.90,239.16,6.38;13,322.48,733.99,97.84,6.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transfer of value from fit</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Idson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Freitas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Spiegel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Molden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.84.6.1140</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.84.6.1140" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1140" to="1153" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.73,56.49,251.11,6.03;14,45.69,64.48,239.06,6.03;14,45.69,72.42,182.88,6.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Subjective uncertainty reduction through self-categorization: A motivational theory of social identity processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hogg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/14792772043000040</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14792772043000040" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Review of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="255" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.73,80.41,251.01,6.03;14,45.70,88.35,239.11,6.03;14,45.70,96.35,64.16,6.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How businesses can survive a product recall using social media</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kerley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://mashable.com/2011/03/28/social-media-product-recalls" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Social Media Retrieved from Mashable website</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.74,104.29,251.01,6.03;14,45.70,112.28,239.04,6.03;14,45.70,120.28,171.02,6.03" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s time to vote: The effect of matching message orientation and temporal frame on political persuasion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/593700</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/593700" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="877" to="889" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.73,128.12,250.95,6.38;14,45.69,136.21,239.02,6.03;14,45.69,144.15,239.09,6.03;14,45.69,152.15,24.02,6.03" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When asking &quot;why&quot; does not hurt: Distinguishing rumination from reflective processing of negative emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Ayduk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Mischel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9280.2005.01600.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9280.2005.01600.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="709" to="715" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.73,160.05,251.02,6.38;14,45.68,167.98,239.05,6.38;14,45.68,176.07,45.23,6.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated closing of the mind: &apos;Seizing&apos; and &apos;freezing&apos;</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kruglanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Webster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.103.2.263</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.103.2.263" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="283" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,184.01,250.97,6.03;14,45.67,192.01,163.21,6.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The case for motivated reasoning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Kunda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.108.3.480</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-2909.108.3.480" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="480" to="498" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,200.00,251.02,6.03;14,45.67,207.94,239.17,6.03;14,45.67,215.94,47.72,6.03" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Behavioral consistency and inconsistency in the resolution of goal conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Laran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Janiszewski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/593293</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/593293" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="967" to="984" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,223.88,251.04,6.03;14,45.67,231.87,239.16,6.03;14,45.67,239.81,54.41,6.03" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The wishful memory of interpersonal responsiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lemay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Neal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0030422</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0030422" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">104</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="653" to="672" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,247.80,251.02,6.03;14,45.67,255.80,31.23,6.03" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The belief in a just world: A fundamental delusion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lerner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>Plenum Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,263.64,251.04,6.38;14,45.69,271.69,239.03,6.03;14,45.70,279.63,103.79,6.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Observer&apos;s reaction to the &quot;innocent victim&quot;: Compassion or rejection?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lerner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Simmons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0023562</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/h0023562" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="1966" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.73,287.63,251.00,6.03;14,45.69,295.62,239.06,6.03;14,45.69,303.56,178.79,6.03" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expression after suppression: A motivational explanation of postsuppressional rebound</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Förster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.79.2.190</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.79.2.190" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="190" to="203" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.72,311.56,251.02,6.03;14,45.68,319.50,239.07,6.03;14,45.68,327.49,127.26,6.03" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effect of temporal distance on level of mental construal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sagristano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0022-1031(02)00535-8</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="523" to="534" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.72,335.43,250.99,6.03;14,45.68,343.42,239.09,6.03;14,45.67,351.42,99.54,6.03" xml:id="b65">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An election portrait, offering detail if not big picture</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Loth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://articles.boston.com/2009-09-06/ae/29265688_1_campaign-political-junkies-mccain" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,359.36,251.05,6.03;14,45.67,367.35,239.01,6.03;14,45.67,375.29,159.69,6.03" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Linguistic intergroup bias: Evidence for ingroup-protective motivation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Maass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ceccarelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rudin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.71.3.512</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.71.3.512" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="512" to="526" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,383.29,251.09,6.03;14,45.67,391.28,239.01,6.03;14,45.67,399.22,211.90,6.03" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Linguistic intergroup bias: Differential expectancies or in-group protection?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Maass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Milesi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Zabbini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Stahlberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.68.1.116</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.68.1.116" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="116" to="126" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.70,407.22,251.02,6.03;14,45.66,415.15,239.06,6.03;14,45.66,423.15,159.69,6.03" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Language use in intergroup contexts: The linguistic intergroup bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Maass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Salvi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Arcuri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Semin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.57.6.981</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.57.6.981" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="981" to="993" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,431.09,250.99,6.03;14,45.66,439.08,239.06,6.03;14,45.66,447.08,16.04,6.03" xml:id="b69">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The modern theory of the Toyota production system: A systems inquiry of the world&apos;s most emulated and profitable management system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Marksberry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boca Raton, FL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,455.02,251.01,6.03;14,45.66,463.01,239.06,6.03" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Five markers of motivated behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tesser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The psychology of goals</title>
		<editor>G. B. Moskowitz, &amp; H. Grant</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="276" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,470.95,250.99,6.03;14,45.65,478.95,239.05,6.03;14,45.65,486.94,239.06,6.03;14,45.65,494.88,185.76,6.03" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is there a universal positivity bias in attributions? A meta-analytic review of individual, developmental, and cultural differences in the self-serving attributional bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mezulis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Abramson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hyde</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hankin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.130.5.711</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-2909.130.5.711" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">130</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="711" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.68,502.88,251.09,6.03;14,45.64,510.81,239.10,6.04;14,45.64,518.76,181.11,6.09" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sense of control under uncertainty depends on people&apos;s childhood environment: A life history theory approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Mittal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Griskevicius</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0037398</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0037398" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="621" to="637" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.72,526.76,251.10,6.03;14,45.69,534.70,239.04,6.03;14,45.68,542.69,124.65,6.03" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural differences in brand extension evaluation: The influence of analytic versus holistic thinking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Monga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/510227</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/510227" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="529" to="536" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.71,550.63,251.11,6.03;14,45.67,558.62,239.02,6.03;14,45.66,566.56,52.65,6.03" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Preconscious effects of temporary goals on attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0022-1031(02)00001-X</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0022-1031" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.70,574.56,251.11,6.03;14,45.66,582.55,239.06,6.03;14,45.66,590.49,74.77,6.03" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A leap of faith? Positive illusions in romantic relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167297236003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167297236003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="586" to="604" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.70,598.49,251.02,6.03;14,45.66,606.43,239.09,6.03;14,45.66,614.42,49.20,6.03" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Facing challenge, Obama returns to unity theme</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nagourney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/13/us/13assess.html" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">News Analysis Retrieved from The New York Times website</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.70,622.42,251.05,6.03;14,45.66,630.35,239.06,6.03;14,45.66,638.35,132.02,6.03" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s simple and I know it! Abstract construals reduce causal uncertainty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J. -E</forename><surname>Namkoong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Henderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1948550613499240</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1948550613499240" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychological and Personality Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="352" to="359" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,646.29,251.00,6.03;14,45.65,654.28,239.03,6.03;14,45.65,662.22,211.90,6.03" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The goal of forming accurate impressions during social interactions: Attenuating the impact of negative expectancies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Neuberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.56.3.374</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.56.3.374" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="374" to="386" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,670.22,251.00,6.03;14,45.65,678.21,239.06,6.03;14,45.65,686.15,108.72,6.03" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture and systems of thought: Holistic versus analytic cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nisbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Peng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Norenzayan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.108.2.291</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.108.2.291" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="310" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.69,694.15,251.00,6.03;14,45.65,702.08,239.09,6.03;14,45.65,710.08,206.29,6.03" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nonconscious goal pursuit: Acting in an explanatory vacuum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Oettingen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Skinner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2005.10.003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2005.10.003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="668" to="675" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,33.68,718.08,251.00,6.03;14,45.64,726.01,239.01,6.03;14,45.64,733.96,161.22,6.08" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The allure of forbidden food: On the role of attention in self-regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Papies</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Stroebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Aarts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2008.04.008</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2008.04.008" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1283" to="1292" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,56.48,251.00,6.03;14,313.68,64.48,239.02,6.03;14,313.68,72.42,181.90,6.03" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Daily well-being: The role of autonomy, competence, and relatedness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sheldon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gable</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Roscoe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>1177/0146167200266002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="419" to="435" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,80.41,251.06,6.03;14,313.68,88.35,213.32,6.03" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new intuitionism: Meaning, memory, and development in fuzzytrace theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Reyna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="PMCID">PMC4268540</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Judgment and Decision Making</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="332" to="359" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,96.35,251.00,6.03;14,313.68,104.29,239.06,6.03;14,313.68,112.28,239.14,6.03;14,313.68,120.28,58.32,6.03" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A (creative) portrait of the uncertain individual self-uncertainty and individualism enhance creative generation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Rios</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Markman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Schroeder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Dyczewski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167214535640</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167214535640" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1050" to="1062" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,128.21,251.11,6.03;14,313.69,136.21,239.14,6.03;14,313.69,144.15,189.85,6.03" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feelings as information: Implications for affective influences on information processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Schwarz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Theories of mood and cognition: A user&apos;s guidebook</title>
		<editor>L. L. Martin, &amp; G. L. Clore</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Mahwah, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="159" to="176" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.73,152.14,251.00,6.03;14,313.69,160.14,239.04,6.03;14,313.69,168.08,211.90,6.03" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mood, misattribution, and judgments of well-being: Informative and directive functions of affective states</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Schwarz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.45.3.513</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.45.3.513" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="513" to="523" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,176.07,251.03,6.03;14,313.68,184.01,239.07,6.03;14,313.68,192.01,113.60,6.03" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the encoding of stereotype-relevant information under cognitive load</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sherman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Frost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167200261003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167200261003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="26" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,199.91,251.00,6.38;14,313.68,207.94,239.06,6.03;14,313.68,215.94,226.30,6.03" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Encoding flexibility revisited: Evidence for enhanced encoding of stereotype-inconsistent information under cognitive load</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sherman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Conrey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Groom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/soco.22.2.214.35464</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1521/soco.22.2.214.35464" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="214" to="232" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,223.87,251.02,6.03;14,313.68,231.77,239.10,6.38;14,313.68,239.81,239.07,6.03;14,313.68,247.80,12.69,6.03" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stereotype efficiency reconsidered: Encoding flexibility under cognitive load</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sherman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bessenoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Frost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.75.3.589</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.75.3.589" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="589" to="606" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,255.80,251.02,6.03;14,313.68,263.74,239.07,6.03;14,313.68,271.69,239.04,6.08;14,313.68,279.63,61.39,6.03" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dishonest deed, clear conscience: When cheating leads to moral disengagement and motivated forgetting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Shu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Gino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bazerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167211398138</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167211398138" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="330" to="349" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,287.63,251.02,6.03;14,313.68,295.62,239.14,6.03;14,313.68,303.56,211.90,6.03" xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">You focus on the forest when you&apos;re in charge of the trees: Power priming and abstract information processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.90.4.578</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.90.4.578" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="578" to="596" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,311.56,251.01,6.03;14,313.68,319.49,239.02,6.03;14,313.68,327.49,127.94,6.03" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Person memory: Some tests of associative storage and retrieval models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Srull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0278-7393.7.6.440</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0278-7393.7.6.440" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Learning and Memory</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="440" to="463" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,335.43,251.00,6.03;14,313.68,343.42,236.34,6.03" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Memory, mood, and consumer judgment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Srull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/9825/volumes/v14/NA-14" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="404" to="407" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,351.42,251.00,6.03;14,313.68,359.36,239.06,6.03;14,313.68,367.35,71.87,6.03" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated skepticism in the evaluation of political beliefs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Taber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lodge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1540-5907.2006.00214.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1540-5907.2006.00214.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="755" to="769" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.71,375.29,251.11,6.03;14,313.67,383.29,239.01,6.03;14,313.66,391.28,238.99,6.03;14,313.65,399.22,12.12,6.03" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Judgment under emotional certainty and uncertainty: The effects of specific emotions on information processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Tiedens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Linton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.81.6.973</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.81.6.973" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="973" to="988" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,407.21,251.00,6.03;14,313.65,415.15,239.07,6.03;14,313.66,423.15,146.20,6.03" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of causal uncertainty, causal importance, and initial attitude on attention to causal persuasive arguments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tobin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/soco.2008.26.1.44</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1521/soco.2008.26.1.44" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.70,431.09,250.97,6.03;14,313.65,439.08,163.83,6.03" xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Temporal construal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.110.3.403</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.110.3.403" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="403" to="421" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,447.08,250.95,6.03;14,313.65,455.02,239.09,6.03;14,313.65,463.01,129.18,6.03" xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Construal level theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Trope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Liberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of theories of social psychology. 1</title>
		<editor>P. A. M. V. Lange, A. W. Kruglanski, &amp; E. T. Higgins</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>London, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage Publications Ltd</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="118" to="134" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,470.95,251.01,6.03;14,313.65,478.94,239.03,6.03;14,313.65,486.94,239.06,6.03;14,313.65,494.88,40.35,6.03" xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Categories create mind-sets: The effect of exposure to broad versus narrow categorizations on subsequent, unrelated decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ülkümen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Chakravarti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Morwitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1509/jmkr.47.4.659</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1509/jmkr.47.4.659" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="659" to="671" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.68,502.87,251.02,6.03;14,313.65,510.77,239.10,6.08;14,313.68,518.76,135.60,6.03" xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Happiness is a warm abstract thought: Self-construal abstractness and subjective well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Updegraff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Suh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/17439760601069150</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/17439760601069150" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Positive Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="18" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,526.76,251.00,6.03;14,313.68,534.70,239.06,6.03;14,313.68,542.69,87.80,6.03" xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What do people think they&apos;re doing? Action identification and human behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Vallacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wegner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.94.1.3</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.94.1.3" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.72,550.63,251.11,6.03;14,313.68,558.62,239.02,6.03;14,313.68,566.56,131.51,6.03" xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Levels of personal agency: Individual variation in action identification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Vallacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wegner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.57.4.660</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.57.4.660" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="660" to="671" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.71,574.56,251.04,6.03;14,313.67,582.55,239.05,6.03;14,313.66,590.49,89.05,6.03" xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Uncertainty management by means of fairness judgments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Van Den Bos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lind</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0065-2601(02)80003-X</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0065-2601" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">02</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">80003</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.70,598.49,251.09,6.03;14,313.66,606.43,239.11,6.03;14,313.66,614.42,206.23,6.03" xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When curiosity killed regret: Avoiding or seeking the unknown in decision-making under uncertainty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Van Dijk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Zeelenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2006.06.004</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2006.06.004" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="656" to="662" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,622.42,251.05,6.03;14,313.65,630.35,239.06,6.03;14,313.66,638.35,52.03,6.03" xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal uncertainty and correction of judgments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Vaughn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0022-1031(03)00028-3</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0022-1031" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.70,646.29,251.00,6.03;14,313.66,654.28,239.03,6.03;14,313.66,662.22,239.05,6.03;14,313.65,670.22,68.59,6.03" xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When approach motivation and behavioral inhibition collide: Behavior regulation through stimulus devaluation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Veling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Holland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Van Knippenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2008.03.004</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2008.03.004" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1013" to="1019" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,678.21,250.95,6.03;14,313.65,686.15,239.03,6.03;14,313.65,694.15,239.09,6.03;14,313.65,702.08,12.69,6.03" xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perception in the service of goal pursuit: Motivation to attain goals enhances the perceived size of goal-instrumental objects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Veltkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Aarts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Custers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/soco.2008.26.6.720</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1521/soco.2008.26.6.720" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="720" to="736" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,301.69,710.08,250.95,6.03;14,313.65,718.08,239.06,6.03;14,313.65,726.01,239.03,6.04;14,313.65,734.02,61.24,6.03" xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivated decision making: Effects of activation and self-centrality of values on choices and behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Verplanken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Holland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.82.3.434</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.82.3.434" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="434" to="447" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.52,56.49,251.01,6.03;15,54.48,64.48,239.16,6.03;15,54.48,72.42,107.42,6.03" xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Abstract construal levels attenuate state selfesteem reactivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vess</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Arndt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schlegel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2011.02.014</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2011.02.014" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="861" to="864" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,80.41,250.92,6.03;15,54.47,88.35,239.07,6.03;15,54.47,96.35,239.07,6.03;15,54.47,104.29,183.87,6.03" xml:id="b110">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The internet and cancer: How online social networking is revolutionizing cancer healthcare</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Villarica</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://scienceinsociety.northwestern.edu/content/articles/2009/internet-and-cancer-how-online-social-networking-revolutionizing-cancer-health" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,112.28,251.07,6.03;15,54.47,120.28,239.06,6.03;15,54.47,128.22,239.07,6.03;15,54.47,136.21,12.12,6.03" xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Processing mode causally influences emotional reactivity: Distinct effects of abstract versus concrete construal on emotional response</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Watkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Moberly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Moulds</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1528-3542.8.3.364</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/1528-3542.8.3.364" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="364" to="378" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,144.15,251.02,6.03;15,54.47,152.15,239.06,6.03;15,54.47,160.14,94.33,6.03" xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causal uncertainty beliefs and diagnostic information seeking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.73.4.839</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.73.4.839" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="839" to="848" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,168.08,251.02,6.03;15,54.47,176.07,239.05,6.03;15,54.47,184.01,134.29,6.03" xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The causal uncertainty model revisited</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tobin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of the uncertain self</title>
		<editor>R. M. Arkin, K. C. Oleson, &amp; P. J. Carroll</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Psychology Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="100" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,192.01,251.08,6.03;15,54.47,200.00,239.07,6.03;15,54.47,207.94,239.04,6.03;15,54.47,215.94,125.84,6.03" xml:id="b114">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adjusting for the correspondence bias: Effects of causal uncertainty, cognitive busyness, and causal strength of situational information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Weary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Vaughn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2005.01.003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jesp.2005.01.003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.51,223.88,251.11,6.03;15,54.47,231.87,239.07,6.03;15,54.46,239.81,30.09,6.03" xml:id="b115">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Need achievement and the resumption of incompleted tasks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Weiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0021642</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/h0021642" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="168" />
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,42.50,247.80,251.11,6.03;15,54.46,255.80,238.96,6.03;15,322.45,56.52,239.05,6.03;15,322.45,64.52,45.96,6.03" xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When helping helps: Autonomous motivation for prosocial behavior and its influence on well-being for the helper and recipient</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Weinstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0016984</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0016984" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="222" to="244" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.48,72.46,251.03,6.03;15,322.45,80.45,239.07,6.03;15,322.45,88.39,41.09,6.03" xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Unrealistic optimism about future life events</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Weinstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.39.5.806</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.39.5.806" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="806" to="820" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.48,96.39,250.98,6.03;15,322.45,104.33,237.70,6.03;15,322.45,112.32,52.65,6.03" xml:id="b118">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Executive consolation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wheaton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2011/01/13/us/20110113_CONSOLATION_INTERACTIVE.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.48,120.32,251.10,6.03;15,322.45,128.20,239.09,6.09;15,322.47,136.20,239.16,6.03;15,322.47,144.14,56.79,6.03" xml:id="b119">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">It&apos;s the mind-set that matters: The role of construal level and message framing in influencing consumer efficacy and conservation behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Macdonnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Dahl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1509/jmkr.48.3.472</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1509/jmkr.48.3.472" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="472" to="485" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.51,152.13,251.04,6.03;15,322.47,160.13,239.02,6.03;15,322.47,168.07,228.51,6.03" xml:id="b120">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vicarious goal fulfillment: When the mere presence of a healthy option leads to an ironically indulgent decision</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Wilcox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Vallen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Block</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Fitzsimons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/599219</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1086/599219" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="380" to="393" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.50,176.06,251.01,6.03;15,322.46,184.00,239.04,6.03;15,322.46,191.99,239.13,6.03;15,322.46,199.99,18.41,6.03" xml:id="b121">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The pleasures of uncertainty: Prolonging positive moods in ways people do not anticipate</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Centerbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kermer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gilbert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.88.1.5</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.88.1.5" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,310.50,207.83,251.13,6.38;15,322.46,215.92,239.06,6.03;15,322.46,223.86,131.51,6.03" xml:id="b122">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When people ask &quot;why&quot; questions, and the heuristics of attributional search</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Weiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.40.4.650</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.40.4.650" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="650" to="663" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
