<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Psychological Contract Breaches, Organizational Commitment, and Innovation-Related Behaviors: A Latent Growth Modeling Approach</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><forename type="middle">W H</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Feldman</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><forename type="middle">S K</forename><surname>Lam</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Hong Kong</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Georgia</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Hong</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Kong</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Terry College of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Hong Kong</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Hong Kong; Daniel C. Feldman</addrLine>
									<country>University of Georgia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="department">School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Hong Kong</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Pok Fu Lam</addrLine>
									<settlement>Hong Kong</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Psychological Contract Breaches, Organizational Commitment, and Innovation-Related Behaviors: A Latent Growth Modeling Approach</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0018804</idno>
					<note>RESEARCH REPORTS</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:11+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>psychological contract</term>
					<term>organizational commitment</term>
					<term>innovation</term>
					<term>latent growth modeling</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>This study examined the relationships among psychological contract breaches, organizational commitment, and innovation-related behaviors (generating, spreading, implementing innovative ideas at work) over a 6-month period. Results indicate that the effects of psychological contract breaches on employees are not static. Specifically, perceptions of psychological contract breaches strengthened over time and were associated with decreased levels of affective commitment over time. Further, increased perceptions of psychological contract breaches were associated with decreases in innovation-related behaviors. We also found evidence that organizational commitment mediates the relationship between psychological contract breaches and innovation-related behaviors. These results highlight the importance of examining the nomological network of psychological contract breaches from a change perspective.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Employees hold expectations about what they owe their employers and about what their employers owe them in return <ref type="bibr" coords="1,264.24,398.46,20.42,8.10;1,48.68,409.46,36.95,8.10" target="#b47">(Rousseau, 1989</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,92.19,409.46,15.50,8.10" target="#b48">(Rousseau, , 1995</ref>. When these sets of expectations, or psychological contracts, are breached, there are adverse consequences for employees' attitudes and work behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="1,207.58,431.46,81.15,8.10;1,48.68,442.46,45.78,8.10" target="#b31">(Johnson &amp; O'Leary-Kelly, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,97.49,442.46,106.85,8.10" target="#b37">Morrison &amp; Robinson, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,207.37,442.46,60.29,8.10" target="#b44">Robinson, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,270.69,442.46,13.50,8.10;1,48.68,453.46,124.22,8.10" target="#b45">Robinson, Kraatz, &amp; Rousseau, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,175.89,453.46,94.60,8.10" target="#b52">Shore &amp; Barksdale, 1998)</ref>.</p><p>Although there are certainly exceptions, a majority of the studies examining psychological contract breaches have been crosssectional in nature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,147.31,486.46,100.42,8.10" target="#b23">Gakovic &amp; Tetrick, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,252.46,486.46,36.25,8.10;1,48.68,497.46,87.30,8.10" target="#b42">Restubog, Bordia, &amp; Tang, 2006)</ref>. Even longitudinal studies in this area seldom address how quickly or how steeply the quality of breached employment relationships declines. Such an approach requires researchers to track intraindividual changes in psychological contract breaches and to relate those changes to other intraindividual changes in job attitudes and behaviors. To address this gap in the research, the goal of this study was to examine how changes in perceptions of psychological contract breaches relate to affective commitment (AC) and innovation-related behaviors (IRBs) over time.</p><p>Although previous research has suggested that breaches of psychological contracts are negatively related to AC (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,239.95,618.45,48.77,8.10" target="#b4">Bellou, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> Z. X. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,70.27,629.45,100.65,8.10" target="#b15">Chen, Tsui, &amp; Zhong, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,173.65,629.45,115.04,8.10;1,306.68,387.45,52.71,8.10" target="#b20">Flood, Turner, Ramamoorthy, &amp; Pearson, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,362.79,387.45,41.68,8.10" target="#b55">Suazo, 2009</ref>), these studies have focused only on bivariate relationships. They have not examined whether perceptions of breaches and AC change over time, whether these changes are in the same or opposite direction, and whether these changes occur at the same speed.</p><p>In addition, there has been little research conducted on the relationship between psychological contract breaches and IRBs (i.e., the degree to which employees generate, spread, and implement innovative ideas). Researchers have previously examined how psychological contract breaches impact employee productivity <ref type="bibr" coords="1,318.66,497.45,158.74,8.10" target="#b60">(Zhao, Wayne, Glibkowski, &amp; Bravo, 2007)</ref>. Beyond influencing productivity, though, psychological contract breaches may also impact how adaptable and proactive employees are at work <ref type="bibr" coords="1,525.74,519.45,17.49,8.10;1,306.68,530.45,98.54,8.10" target="#b24">(Griffin, Neal, &amp; Parker, 2007)</ref>. To date, these other components of employee performance have been largely neglected in the psychological contract literature. To fill this void, we focused on IRB, a core form of proactive behavior identified by <ref type="bibr" coords="1,481.98,563.45,64.76,8.10;1,306.68,574.45,70.07,8.10" target="#b38">Parker, Williams, and Turner (2006)</ref>, as a long-term correlate of psychological contract breaches.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical Background</head><p>Our general framework appears in <ref type="figure" coords="1,440.56,627.70,28.96,8.10" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>. It suggests that both the initial status of and longitudinal changes in psychological contract breaches, AC, and IRBs are likely to be correlated. theory, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,77.09,231.96,44.16,8.10" target="#b7">Blau (1964)</ref> suggested that individuals who perceive that they are valued are likely to reciprocate with trust and emotional engagement in their exchanges with others. In putting forth their inducement-contribution model, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,173.08,264.96,96.11,8.10" target="#b34">March and Simon (1958)</ref> suggested that organizations offer inducements to employees to join and stay, while employees make contributions to organizational effectiveness through high levels of job performance. Together, these two theories suggest that individuals are more likely to feel psychologically attached to their employers and reciprocate with positive behaviors when they feel valued and respected.</p><p>When employees perceive that their organizations have breached their psychological contracts by failing to fulfill their promises, they may reduce their AC, that is, the emotional attachment they feel toward their firms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,172.71,374.96,112.15,8.10" target="#b35">(Meyer, Allen, &amp; Smith, 1993)</ref>. First, when employers fail to fulfill their promises, employees are likely to experience negative emotions, such as anger, disappointment, and frustration <ref type="bibr" coords="2,131.77,407.96,126.96,8.10" target="#b31">(Johnson &amp; O'Leary-Kelly, 2003)</ref>, which directly reduce AC. Second, perceptions of breaches may increase employees' distrust in their employers and dissolve their emotional bonds with them <ref type="bibr" coords="2,113.67,440.95,62.29,8.10" target="#b44">(Robinson, 1996)</ref>. In two recent meta-analyses, researchers found that, across cumulative studies, psychological contract breach was negatively associated with AC <ref type="bibr" coords="2,247.49,462.95,41.25,8.10;2,48.68,473.95,141.96,8.10" target="#b10">(Cantisano, Morales Domínguez, &amp; Depolo, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,193.64,473.95,64.35,8.10" target="#b60">Zhao et al., 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Despite the cumulative empirical evidence on the relationship between psychological contract breaches and AC at any point in time, it is still unclear whether changes in perceptions of psychological contract breaches are associated with changes in AC. As a result, we do not have much empirical evidence on whether the consequences of psychological contract breaches strengthen, weaken, or remain stable over time, nor whether these changes intensify as psychological contract breaches heighten over time. It is reasonable to believe, though, that when perceptions of psychological contract breaches heighten over time, AC is likely to decrease over time. For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,181.32,594.95,107.41,8.10;2,48.68,605.95,23.99,8.10" target="#b40">Pugh, Skarlicki, and Passell (2003)</ref> found that psychological contract breaches with previous employers contributed to employees' cynicism about new and future employment relationships. Pugh et al.'s work, then, suggests that employees' affective bonding with their employers is impacted by their previous experiences with psychological contract breaches. Thus, we expect that psychological contract breaches will be related to AC not only in the short run but in the long run, too.</p><p>Hypothesis 1a: The higher the initial status of the psychological contract breach, the lower the initial status of AC will be.</p><p>Hypothesis 1b: The greater the increase in perceptions of psychological contract breaches, the greater the decline in AC will be over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Psychological Contract Breaches and IRBs</head><p>Proactive behaviors broadly refer to taking the initiative in improving the current workplace <ref type="bibr" coords="2,426.50,143.96,46.71,8.10" target="#b17">(Crant, 2000)</ref>. Proactive behavior is not the same as in-role or extrarole behavior. The distinction between in-role and extrarole largely rests on whether specific tasks are required. On the other hand, individuals can display proactivity in neither, one, or both of these categories of work tasks <ref type="bibr" coords="2,327.67,198.96,73.60,8.10" target="#b21">(Frese &amp; Fay, 2001)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,315.68,209.96,71.01,8.10" target="#b38">Parker et al. (2006)</ref> identified two kinds of proactive behaviors at work: proactive idea implementation and proactive problem solving. We focus on proactive idea implementation here for both theoretical and practical reasons. First, research has suggested that IRBs are increasingly important for improving organizational productivity <ref type="bibr" coords="2,342.63,264.96,146.49,8.10" target="#b0">(Anderson, De Dreu, &amp; Nijstad, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,493.07,264.96,53.64,8.10;2,306.68,275.96,20.50,8.10" target="#b3">Baer &amp; Frese, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,331.10,275.96,106.72,8.10" target="#b18">de Jong &amp; de Ruyter, 2004)</ref>. Second, studying proactive problem solving requires researchers to identify the specific kinds of problems that employees face in each work context ahead of time <ref type="bibr" coords="2,326.41,308.96,74.56,8.10" target="#b38">(Parker et al., 2006)</ref>. Because the current study design involves employees from multiple occupations, identifying contextspecific problems would be less feasible.</p><p>Proactive idea implementation goes beyond merely coming up with creative ideas by oneself but involves (a) sharing ideas with colleagues and spreading the innovation throughout the organization and (b) working to implement those innovations themselves or helping others do so as well <ref type="bibr" coords="2,412.90,385.95,70.98,8.10" target="#b2">(Axtell et al., 2000)</ref>. Together, these IRBs help contribute to the innovative capacity of the organization as a whole <ref type="bibr" coords="2,349.15,407.95,78.22,8.10" target="#b3">(Baer &amp; Frese, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,430.36,407.95,109.59,8.10" target="#b22">Frese, Teng, &amp; Wijnen, 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Because psychological contract breaches can evoke negative responses from employees <ref type="bibr" coords="2,411.61,429.95,113.58,8.10" target="#b37">(Morrison &amp; Robinson, 1997)</ref>, and because reluctance to innovate on the organization's behalf can be conceptualized as a form of negative reciprocation, employees who perceive serious psychological contract breaches are likely to respond with fewer IRBs, both immediately after the breach and as time passes. For instance, researchers have found that perceptions of psychological contract breaches promote higher levels of employee neglect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,363.68,506.95,103.27,8.10" target="#b33">(Lemire &amp; Rouillard, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,470.46,506.95,76.26,8.10;2,306.68,517.95,19.37,8.10" target="#b57">Turnley &amp; Feldman, 1999)</ref>, whereby employees stand by and allow work conditions to deteriorate <ref type="bibr" coords="2,347.39,528.95,158.52,8.10" target="#b49">(Rusbult, Farrell, Rogers, &amp; Mainous, 1988)</ref>. Also, in a 2-year longitudinal study, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,406.95,539.95,85.77,8.10" target="#b45">Robinson et al. (1994)</ref> observed that employees who perceived that their employers had failed to fulfill their obligations at Time 1 reported lower levels of felt obligations 2 years later. This research, too, suggests that psychological contract breaches heighten passivity and lower proactivity in the workplace, both in the short run and over the long haul.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Hypothesis 2a:</head><p>The higher the initial status of the psychological contract breach, the lower the initial status of IRB will be.</p><p>Hypothesis 2b: The greater the increase in perceptions of psychological contract breaches, the greater the decline in IRB will be over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>AC and IRBs</head><p>Workers with low AC are likely to perform only those minimum behaviors required for continued employment <ref type="bibr" coords="2,487.31,713.96,55.55,8.10" target="#b43">(Riketta, 2002)</ref>. Cross-sectional empirical studies also provide indirect evidence for expecting a positive relationship between AC and proactive behavior at work. For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,163.23,97.96,125.49,8.10;3,48.68,108.96,23.99,8.10" target="#b41">Rank, Carsten, Unger, and Spector (2007)</ref> found that AC positively predicted proactive customer service behavior. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,113.36,119.96,102.68,8.10" target="#b36">Morrison and Phelps (1999)</ref> found that employees who experienced a greater sense of felt responsibility (such as those who strongly identified with their employers) demonstrated more "taking charge" behavior at work. Particularly relevant to the study of IRBs, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,102.52,163.96,53.02,8.10" target="#b29">Iverson (1996)</ref> found that higher AC was associated with stronger support and acceptance for organizational change.</p><p>The above arguments can be further extended to support a "change" perspective in this study. As noted before, both social exchange theory and the inducement-contribution model emphasize reciprocity in employee-employer exchanges. Taking an increasingly passive (rather than proactive) view of one's job responsibilities is a likely response to decreasing AC and would help restore balance in the exchange relationship. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,210.13,251.96,78.61,8.10;3,48.68,262.96,149.65,8.10" target="#b5">Bentein, Vandenberg, Vandenberghe, and Stinglhamber (2005)</ref>, for example, observed that declines in AC were associated with increases in turnover intentions over time. Following the same logic, we expect that Hypothesis 3a: The higher the initial status of AC, the higher the initial status of IRB will be.</p><p>Hypothesis 3b: The greater the decline in AC, the greater the decline in IRB will be over time.</p><p>Considering all these hypotheses together, this study proposes that AC partially mediates the effect of psychological contract breaches on IRBs. That is, as individuals' psychological contract breaches heighten over time, their IRBs are likely to decrease over time. We propose that this occurs not only because these employees intend to reciprocate negatively for the breaches they experienced but also because they have weakening affective attachment to their employers.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample and Procedure</head><p>We hired a professional research organization to collect survey data from a national sample. At Time 1, surveys were sent to 4,100 individuals randomly selected from the research company's sample pool. We received 850 usable surveys back. Three months later, the Time 2 survey was sent to those 850 respondents who participated in the first survey. We received 442 usable surveys back. Finally, at the 6-month mark, the Time 3 survey was sent to the 442 respondents who participated in the first and second surveys. We received 329 usable surveys back. Thus, the ultimate response rate across the three time points is 8% (21% ϫ 52% ϫ 74%). Forty-four individuals had changed jobs during this 6-month span. The effective sample size for the current study, therefore, was 285. We compared those who participated in all three surveys with those who dropped out without completing all three surveys. There were no significant differences on key psychological and demographic variables.</p><p>The average age of employee respondents was 37.7 years (SD ϭ 12.31). Fifty-five percent of respondents were female. Average organizational tenure was 5.9 years; average job tenure was 4.2 years. Eighty percent of the sample had at least some college education, and 27% of the sample held managerial positions.</p><p>A wide range of occupations was represented in the final sample. Participants included customer service representatives and sales personnel (10%); bankers, consultants, and financial analysts (7%); accountants (4%); engineers (5%); doctors and nurses (7%); educators (6%); lawyers (4%); information technology specialists (6%); directors (11%); civil service workers (5%); administrative assistants (11%); drivers (3%); and manufacturing and construction laborers (8%).</p><p>Two researchers coded these occupations into high versus low job complexity. The process was guided by previous studies that also coded for job complexity (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,445.78,207.95,100.94,8.10" target="#b1">Avolio &amp; Waldman, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.68,218.95,78.52,8.10" target="#b50">Salgado et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,389.04,218.95,116.47,8.10" target="#b59">Wood, Mento, &amp; Locke, 1987)</ref>. Interrater agreement was 94%. In situations in which there was disagreement, discussion was used to reach consensus. Forty-eight percent of the jobs were classified as high job complexity, and 52% were classified as low complexity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>Psychological contract breach was measured with <ref type="bibr" coords="3,497.00,306.96,49.73,8.10;3,306.68,317.96,66.12,8.10" target="#b46">Robinson and Morrison's (2000)</ref> five-item scale. The coefficient alpha was .97 at all three points in time. AC was measured with <ref type="bibr" coords="3,493.58,328.96,53.16,8.10;3,306.68,339.96,23.99,8.10">Meyer et al.'s (1993)</ref> six-item scale. The coefficient alpha was .94 at all three time points.</p><p>We created a new measure of IRB based on <ref type="bibr" coords="3,493.06,361.96,53.67,8.10;3,306.68,372.96,23.99,8.10" target="#b38">Parker et al.'s (2006)</ref> work. Even though Parker et al. used their measure in the manufacturing sector, the three groups of IRBs (generating, spreading, and implementing ideas) captured in their scale appear to have relevance to most industries.</p><p>The first scale item measured number of ideas generated. It asked respondents to indicate the number of new ideas they had come up with during the past 3 months about key workplace issues such as saving money and cutting costs, improving work quality, improving customer service, making a better product, and working together effectively. Response options were 0 (no new ideas), 1 (1-2 new ideas), 2 (3-10 new ideas), and 3 (more than 10 new ideas).</p><p>The second and third items measured spread of innovation. Specifically, for those individuals who had come up with at least one new idea, the second item asked whether they had put forward their idea to anyone else and, if so, to whom. Response options were 1 (yes-to my colleagues) and 2 (yes-to a manager or supervisor). Individuals who had not come up with at least one new idea were asked to check no (coded 0). Because spreading innovation to managers and supervisors might require more effort than mentioning ideas to coworkers, and because passing along innovations upward might have more widespread positive effects, we assigned the to a manager or supervisor response the higher score (i.e., 2). The third item asked respondents to indicate whether they had helped spread new ideas or solutions generated by coworkers or supervisors. Response options were 0 (no) and 1 (yes).</p><p>The fourth and fifth items measured implementation of ideas. Specifically, the fourth item asked respondents to indicate whether the ideas they generated themselves were implemented and by whom. Response options were 0 (no), 1 (yes-by myself), and 2 (yes-by others). Because getting others to implement one's idea requires more effort than implementing an idea by oneself, we assign the yes-by others response the higher score (i.e., 2). The fifth item asked respondents to indicate whether they had implemented ideas generated by coworkers or supervisors. Response options were 0 (no) and 1 (yes).</p><p>Each of the above five items is ordinal in nature, with a higher score (or rank) reflecting more IRB. Together, these five items measure the extent to which employees generate, spread, and implement innovative ideas at work. An exploratory factor analysis with varimax rotation indicated that the five items loaded on the same factor at all three points in time. The extracted variance was 60% at Time 1, 65% at Time 2, and 68% at Time 3. The coefficient alpha was .81 at Time 1, .84 at Time 2, and .83 at Time 3. Self-reported measures of creativity or innovation are not uncommon in the organizational sciences <ref type="bibr" coords="4,176.70,218.96,71.02,8.10" target="#b2">(Axtell et al., 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,250.23,218.96,38.51,8.10;4,48.68,229.96,74.37,8.10" target="#b11">Carmeli &amp; Schaubroeck, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,128.14,229.96,55.37,8.10" target="#b30">Janssen, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,188.61,229.96,100.09,8.10;4,48.68,240.96,15.50,8.10" target="#b51">Shalley, Gilson, &amp; Blum, 2009</ref>). <ref type="bibr" coords="4,75.98,240.96,74.91,8.10" target="#b38">Parker et al. (2006)</ref> also found that their newly created self-report measure converged with objective measures of proactive behavior in the workplace.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Latent Growth Modeling (LGM)</head><p>LGM assesses changes in levels of variables and examines how these changes are related to other constructs in a nomological network. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,84.82,325.96,99.19,8.10" target="#b8">Bollen and Curran (2006)</ref> distinguished between two types of LGM. Unconditional latent growth models do not include covariates that affect the trajectory of change. In using these models, researchers are able to examine the mean levels of variables measured at different time points and to determine whether there is sufficient variance in the vector of change to be accounted for by other constructs in the nomological network. In contrast, conditional latent growth models include covariates that may affect the trajectory of change. In using these models, researchers are able to examine the strength of the relationships of the covariates with the mean intercept and the mean slope.</p><p>A key step of LGM is specifying factor loadings for the latent intercept factor (representing the average initial status of individuals on a measure) and the slope factor (representing the rate of change over time) to other variables of interest. Here the loadings from the intercept factor to each of the three repeated measures are fixed to 1.0 so that the intercept factor equally influences all repeated measures. The loadings from the slope factor to each of the three repeated measures are fixed to values of 0, 1, and 2 (or 0, Ϫ1, Ϫ2 for negative changes; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,435.04,97.95,111.67,8.10;4,306.68,108.95,19.37,8.10" target="#b19">Duncan, Duncan, &amp; Strycker, 2006)</ref>.</p><p>In this study, we adopted a second-order-factor LGM approach. Specifically, the second-order intercept factors of psychological contract breach, AC, and IRB were specified to be correlated. At the same time, the second-order slope factors of psychological contract breach, AC, and IRB were also specified to be correlated. In addition, the intercept and the slope for each of these three study variables were specified to be correlated. Next, each first-order latent factor was represented by its respective measurement items, and the error variances of those measurement items that were repeatedly used across time points were allowed to be correlated <ref type="bibr" coords="4,306.68,229.95,124.89,8.10" target="#b32">(Lance, Vandenberg, &amp; Self, 2000)</ref>. Readers are referred to several additional studies for more technical details associated with the use of LGM and for illustrations of its usage, including <ref type="bibr" coords="4,497.92,251.95,48.80,8.10;4,306.68,262.95,22.71,8.10" target="#b5">Bentein et al. (2005)</ref>; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,336.99,262.95,96.16,8.10" target="#b8">Bollen and Curran (2006)</ref>; Chan (1998); Chan, Ramey, Ramey, and Schmitt <ref type="formula" coords="4,382.27,273.95,22.71,8.10">(2000)</ref>; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,411.05,273.95,72.57,8.10" target="#b19">Duncan et al. (2006)</ref>, and <ref type="bibr" coords="4,504.93,273.95,41.80,8.10;4,306.68,284.95,22.49,8.10" target="#b32">Lance et al. (2000)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Confirmatory Factor Analysis</head><p>The correlations among the study variables are presented in <ref type="table" coords="4,306.68,358.96,25.86,8.10" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>. We first specified all the variables in a confirmatory factor analysis to examine whether the measurement models have acceptable model fit. These variables were specified as latent constructs represented by their respective measurement items in the analysis. The fit of the model was evaluated by various fit indices recommended by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,352.01,413.96,84.95,8.10" target="#b26">Hu and Bentler (1998)</ref>: Tucker-Lewis index (TLI), Bollen's fit index (BL89), comparative fit index (CFI), root-meansquare error of approximation (RMSEA), and standardized rootmean-square residual (SRMR). To conclude that a model fits the data well, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,345.78,457.96,84.03,8.10" target="#b27">Hu and Bentler (1999)</ref> suggested that TLI, BL89, and CFI should be close to .95, RMSEA should be close to .06, and SRMR should be close to .08. The overall measurement model has acceptable fit. The chisquare value was 2,200.77 (df ϭ 996). TLI was .98, and both BL89 and CFI were .99. RMSEA was .05, and SRMR was .06. When we alternately constrained each pairwise factor correlation to unity, we found that, in each case, constraining the factor correlation significantly worsened model fit ( p Ͻ .01), suggesting that psychological contract breach, AC, and IRB are empirically distinct. In addition, we examined whether these scales demonstrated measurement invariance longitudinally . On the basis of chi-square difference tests, we found that the scale items of psychological contract breach demonstrated full metric invariance. One item in the AC scale and one item in the IRB scale had significantly different factor loadings across time points. However, this partial metric invariance does not pose a major threat to the interpretation of our results. In theory, it is overly stringent to expect full metric invariance for all study variables in longitudinal research when the underlying assumption in undertaking such research is that there will be some changes in variables of interest over time <ref type="bibr" coords="5,158.04,251.96,77.65,8.10" target="#b39">(Pentz &amp; Chou, 1994)</ref>. Methodologically, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,74.19,262.96,71.01,8.10" target="#b32">Lance et al. (2000)</ref> proposed a reasonable remedy for the lack of full metric invariance, namely, allowing variant factor loadings to be freely estimated in the testing model while the invariant items are set to have equal factor loadings. Hence, the parameter estimates in the subsequent LGM analyses would control for the lack of full metric invariance at the first-order-factor level, which in turn defines true initial status and change at the second-order-factor level.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Unconditional LGM</head><p>We first examined whether there was sufficient variance in the vector of change to be accounted for by the LGM analysis. In the case of psychological contract breach, the slope factor mean was positive and significant ( p Ͻ .01), suggesting that the mean level of psychological contract breach increased over time. The mean scale values at the three time points were 2.68, 2.72, and 2.81 (slope ϭ 5%). In the case of AC and IRBs, the slope factor means were negative and significant ( p Ͻ .01), suggesting that both AC and IRBs decreased over time. The mean scale values of AC at the three time points were 3.23, 3.19, and 3.14 (slope ϭ Ϫ3%). The summed scale values of IRBs (averaged across individuals) at the three time points were 5.51, 4.97, and 4.67 (slope ϭ Ϫ15%).</p><p>In addition, the intercept factor variances for all three study variables were statistically significant, indicating that there were individual differences in these three variables at Time 1. Similarly, the slope factor variances for all three study variables were statistically significant, revealing that there were individual differences in the rate of change in these three variables, too. Finally, the factor covariance between the intercept and the slope for psychological contract breach was significantly and negatively related, suggesting that respondents who had a higher mean level of psychological contract breach at Time 1 experienced smaller increases in perceived contract breaches over time. In contrast, we found that the factor covariance between the intercept and the slope for both AC and IRB were positively and significantly related, suggesting that respondents who had a higher mean level of AC or IRB at Time 1 experienced a greater decline in AC or IRB over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conditional LGM</head><p>We found that the proposed model has acceptable fit. The chi-square value was 4,282.50 (df ϭ 1,048). TLI, BL89, and CFI were all .96, and SRMR was .08. These four indices, then, meet the criteria proposed by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,380.35,86.96,79.18,8.10" target="#b27">Hu and Bentler (1999)</ref>. However, the RMSEA was only .10. As other methodologists have emphasized, though, it is inappropriate to rely on only one fit index to accept or reject a proposed model; instead a bundle of indices should be used <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.68,130.96,54.82,8.10" target="#b6">(Bentler, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,364.07,130.96,50.69,8.10" target="#b56">Tanaka, 1993)</ref>. In addition, other researchers have advised against strict adherence to a fixed target value for RMSEA in particular <ref type="bibr" coords="5,357.31,152.96,98.46,8.10" target="#b25">(Hayduk &amp; Glaser, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,460.34,152.96,53.32,8.10" target="#b54">Steiger, 2000)</ref> because RMSEA relies heavily on such factors as complexity of model specification, degrees of freedom, and sample size (F. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,525.49,174.96,21.25,8.10;5,306.68,185.96,148.24,8.10" target="#b14">Chen, Curran, Bollen, Kirby, &amp; Paxton, 2008)</ref>. Therefore, because the other four indices indicated that the proposed model has acceptable fit, we then examined the parameter estimates contained in our model. Those estimates appear in <ref type="figure" coords="5,432.88,218.96,29.87,8.10">Figure 2</ref>.</p><p>We found full support for both Hypotheses 1a and 1b. The initial status of psychological contract breach was significantly and negatively related to the initial status of AC (␤ ϭ Ϫ.64, p Ͻ .01), whereas the intensity of increase in psychological contract breach was significantly and positively related to the intensity of decline in AC (␤ ϭ .54, p Ͻ .01).</p><p>We found support for Hypothesis 2b but not for Hypothesis 2a. The initial status of psychological contract breach was unrelated to the initial status of IRB. On the other hand, the intensity of increase in psychological contract breach was positively related to the intensity of decline in IRB (␤ ϭ .15, p Ͻ .05).</p><p>Both Hypotheses 3a and 3b were supported. The initial status of AC was positively related to the initial status of IRB as predicted (␤ ϭ .33, p Ͻ .01), and the intensity of decline in AC was also positively related to the intensity of decline in IRB as predicted <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.68,394.35,66.36,9.00">(␤ ϭ .16, p Ͻ .05</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mediation Tests</head><p>To test the mediation effect of AC, we followed the procedures outlined by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,92.27,108.19,137.64,8.10" target="#b28">Iacobucci, Saldanha, and Deng (2007)</ref>. We performed mediation tests separately for the initial status and change factors. As noted before, the initial status of psychological contract breach was negatively related to the initial status of AC, which in turn was positively related to the initial status of IRB. The initial status of breach, though, was not directly related to the initial status of IRB. Next, we computed <ref type="bibr" coords="6,123.81,174.86,54.13,8.10" target="#b53">Sobel's (1982)</ref> z statistic for the mediator of AC, which was Ϫ4.33 ( p Ͻ .01), suggesting that this mediating effect was statistically different from zero. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="6,253.78,197.09,34.98,8.10;6,48.68,208.20,22.29,8.10">Iacobucci et al.,</ref> these results suggest that the initial status of AC is a complete mediator of the effect of the initial status of psychological contract breach on the initial status of IRB.</p><p>On the other hand, we found that the increase in psychological contract breach was positively related to the decline in AC, which in turn was related to the decline in IRB. Increases in perceptions of psychological contract breaches also had a significant direct effect on declines in IRB. The z statistic for the mediator of decline in AC was 1.97 ( p Ͻ .05). According to <ref type="bibr" coords="6,203.11,297.11,81.84,8.10" target="#b28">Iacobucci et al. (2007)</ref>, these results suggest that the decline in AC is a partial mediator of the effect of an increase in psychological contract breach on the decline in IRB.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Additional Analyses</head><p>Three additional analyses were performed. First, to examine whether our assumption that the trajectory of change was in fact linear, we tested alternative models in which the trajectory of change associated with each of the three study variables was allowed to be freely estimated. On the basis of chi-square difference tests, we found that, in each case, the optimally estimated model was not significantly different from our original proposed model. This suggests that the assumption of linear change over time was reasonable.</p><p>Second, because the measurement scales of psychological contract breach and AC have high internal consistency (Ͼ.90), the possibility exists that there might be a problem of item redundancy <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.68,514.05,48.33,8.10" target="#b9">(Boyle, 1991)</ref>. Therefore, we reran the above analyses using shortened scales with the redundant items removed. We removed one item from the psychological contract breach scale and one item from the AC scale; each item had the highest correlations with the remaining items in its original scale. We observed that the pattern of significant versus nonsignificant results relating to our hypotheses remained the same. Thus, the results reported above do not appear to have been unduly affected by item redundancy in some of the measurement scales.</p><p>Third, we included job complexity as a control variable in the testing model to see whether this variable would affect our findings. We observed that when we specified job complexity to be related to the intercept and slope factor of psychological contract breach, AC, and IRB, the pattern of significant versus nonsignificant results reported earlier did not change. Further, job complexity was not related to any of the intercept and slope factors. These results suggest that job complexity affected neither the initial levels of the study variables nor their trajectories of change over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>In a recent review of the psychological contract breach literature, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,326.23,108.00,67.66,8.10" target="#b60">Zhao et al. (2007)</ref> proposed that the key mediating mechanism through which psychological contract breaches are associated with poor performance is the development of negative emotions and attitudes. That is, psychological contract breaches result in negative emotional responses from employees, who subsequently perform more poorly in the future. This mechanism has been the one most frequently studied in the psychological contracts literature.</p><p>The current study goes further to suggest that psychological contract breaches affect negative attitudes not only temporarily but also persistently over time. That is, perceptions of psychological contract breaches are associated with declines in job attitudes (e.g., AC) as time passes. Also, rather than focus on in-role and extrarole performance as correlates of psychological contract breaches, we examined IRBs instead. Because employees can decrease their engagement in both in-role and extrarole activities only so far before they are forced to leave, proactive behaviors such as IRBs may be equally appropriate indicators of lower employee contributions after psychological contracts have been breached.</p><p>This study contributes to the psychological contracts literature by illustrating a change approach that complements the current static approach. Both social exchange theory and the inducementcontribution model have emphasized the importance of reciprocation in exchange relationships. Much of the existing theory on psychological contracts is premised upon this reciprocity feature of employment relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="6,404.20,383.57,114.90,8.10" target="#b16">(Coyle-Shapiro &amp; Shore, 2007)</ref>. However, the interpretation and use of social exchange theory and the inducement-contribution model are limited by the assumption that employees respond (reciprocate) quickly and proportionately to psychological contract breaches. That is, when psychological contract breaches occur, employees quickly change their attitudes and behaviors to realign their contributions to their lowered inducements. However, as our findings show, reactions to psychological contract breaches are more dynamic and unfold over time. AC and IRB decline over time as perceptions of psychological contract breach strengthen over time. Thus, the present study highlights the importance of tracking the cascading effects of psychological contract breaches over time, especially when organizations fail to provide any effective remedies for those breaches.</p><p>The current study has some methodological constraints that might be addressed in future research. First, the overall response rate across the three time points was not high (8%), lowering our effective sample size. Second, even though we collected three waves of data over a 6-month period, our research design did not allow for causal inferences because psychological contract breaches, AC, and IRB were measured on all three surveys. Third, although our three waves of data allowed for the assessment of linear changes, we could not assess nonlinear changes over time without a fourth data collection. (Our LGM analyses, though, indicated that modeling linear trends for the three study variables was a reasonable assumption.) Fourth, although four of the five fit indices suggest acceptable fit, the RMSEA associated with the proposed model fell short of the cutoff criterion proposed by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,535.72,680.92,11.00,8.10;6,306.68,691.94,67.98,8.10" target="#b27">Hu and Bentler (1999)</ref>.</p><p>In conclusion, then, we hope that future researchers will broaden existing theoretical and empirical perspectives on psychological contract breaches to focus more on change-particularly the interplay of changes in the intensity of experienced breach, organizational commitment, and proactive behavior over time. For managers, we hope the present research highlights the importance of attending to psychological contract breaches as they occur so that employee performance and proactivity do not deteriorate further over time. As our results suggest, employees' reactions to psychological contract breaches worsen, rather than soften, as time passes.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,48.68,191.14,240.00,7.20;2,48.68,200.61,240.03,8.00;2,48.68,211.14,20.22,7.20"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>The proposed model. Solid lines indicate initial status, and dashed lines indicate rate of change. H ϭ hypothesis; Org. ϭ Organizational.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,48.67,540.46,497.49,181.65"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Correlations Among Study Variables (N ϭ 285)Note. T ϭ Time; AC ϭ affective commitment; IRB ϭ innovation-related behavior. ‫ء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .01.</figDesc><table coords="4,48.69,571.14,497.47,123.96">Variable 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1 0 
1 1 
1 2 

1. Breach (T1) 
-
2. Breach (T2) 
.77 ‫ءء‬ 
-
3. Breach (T3) 
.70 ‫ءء‬ 
.76 ‫ءء‬ 
-
4. AC (T1) 
Ϫ.60 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.57 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.50 ‫ءء‬ 
-
5. AC (T2) 
Ϫ.54 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.63 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.55 ‫ءء‬ 
.81 ‫ءء‬ 
-
6. AC (T3) 
Ϫ.48 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.59 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.63 ‫ءء‬ 
.78 ‫ءء‬ 
.82 ‫ءء‬ 
-
7. IRB (T1) 
Ϫ.10 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.10 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.09 ‫ء‬ 
.22 ‫ءء‬ 
.13 ‫ء‬ 
.19 ‫ءء‬ 
-
8. IRB (T2) 
Ϫ.09 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.12 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.09 ‫ء‬ 
.31 ‫ءء‬ 
.27 ‫ءء‬ 
.28 ‫ءء‬ 
.74 ‫ءء‬ 
-
9. IRB (T3) 
.04 
Ϫ.09 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.10 ‫ء‬ 
.18 ‫ءء‬ 
.16 ‫ءء‬ 
.25 ‫ءء‬ 
.68 ‫ءء‬ 
.74 ‫ءء‬ 
-
10. Breach increase rate 
Ϫ.39 ‫ءء‬ 
.04 
.30 ‫ءء‬ 
.15 ‫ءء‬ 
.03 
Ϫ.15 
.02 
.01 
Ϫ.14 ‫ء‬ 
-
11. AC decrease rate 
Ϫ.13 
.01 
.15 ‫ء‬ 
.29 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.06 
Ϫ.33 ‫ءء‬ 
.07 
.08 
Ϫ.03 
.29 ‫ءء‬ 
-
12. IRB decrease rate 
Ϫ.09 
.01 
.01 
Ϫ.02 
Ϫ.05 
Ϫ.10 ‫ء‬ 
.23 ‫ءء‬ 
Ϫ.12 ‫ء‬ 
Ϫ.53 ‫ءء‬ 
.16 ‫ءء‬ 
.13 ‫ء‬ 
-

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="5,306.68,394.95,240.03,327.16"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>).Figure 2. Standardized parameter estimates. BR ϭ psychological contract breach; T ϭ Time; AC ϭ affective commitment; IRB ϭ innovationrelated behavior. ‫ء‬ p Ͻ .05. ‫ءء‬ p Ͻ .01.</figDesc><table coords="5,309.18,425.25,235.00,252.03">BR 
initial status 

BR 
rate of increase 

BR T1 
BR T2 
BR T3 

1 1 
1 

0 
1 
2 

AC 
initial status 

AC 
rate of decline 

AC T1 
AC T2 
AC T3 

IRB 
initial status 

IRB 
rate of decline 

IRB T1 
IRB T2 
IRB T3 

1 1 
1 

0 
-1 
-2 

1 1 
1 

0 
-1 
-2 

-.64** 

.33** 

n.s. 

.54** 

.16* 

.15* 

ζ 
ζ 
-.38** 

ζ 
ζ 
.23** 

ζ 
ζ 
.33** 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,204.64,240.04,7.20;7,56.68,214.64,232.03,7.20;7,56.68,224.64,205.29,7.20" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The routinization of innovation research: A constructively critical review of the state-ofthe-science</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>De Dreu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nijstad</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="173" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,234.64,240.01,7.20;7,56.68,244.64,231.98,7.20;7,56.68,254.64,161.74,7.20" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An examination of age and cognitive test performance across job complexity and occupational types</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Avolio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Waldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,264.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,274.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,284.64,232.00,7.20;7,56.68,294.64,135.76,7.20" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Shopfloor innovation: Facilitating the suggestion and implementation of ideas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Axtell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Holman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Unsworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Waterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Harrington</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="265" to="285" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,304.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,314.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,324.64,192.47,7.20" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Innovation is not enough: Climates for initiative and psychological safety, process innovations, and firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Baer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Frese</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,334.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,344.64,224.00,7.20" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring civic virtue and turnover intention during organizational changes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Bellou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="778" to="789" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,354.64,239.97,7.20;7,56.68,364.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,374.64,232.00,7.20;7,56.68,384.64,74.57,7.20" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of change in the relationship between commitment and turnover: A latent growth modeling approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bentein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Vandenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Vandenberghe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Stinglhamber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="468" to="482" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,394.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,404.64,174.92,7.20" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On tests and indices for evaluating structural models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="825" to="829" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,414.64,240.01,7.20" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Exchange and power in social life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1964" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,424.64,240.03,7.20;7,56.68,434.64,141.07,7.20" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Latent curve models: A structural equation perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bollen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Curran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hoboken, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,444.64,240.00,7.20;7,56.68,454.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,464.64,84.20,7.20" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does item homogeneity indicate internal consistency or item redundancy in psychometric scales?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Boyle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="294" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,474.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,484.64,232.02,7.20;7,56.68,494.64,176.47,7.20" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Psychological contract breach and outcomes: Combining meta-analysis and structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cantisano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Morales Domínguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Depolo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psicothema</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="487" to="496" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,504.64,240.03,7.20;7,56.68,514.64,232.02,7.20;7,56.68,524.64,131.60,7.20" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The influence of leaders&apos; and other referents&apos; normative expectations on individual involvement in creative work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Carmeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Schaubroeck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Leadership Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="48" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,534.64,240.01,7.20;7,56.68,544.64,232.02,7.20;7,56.68,554.64,232.03,7.20;7,56.68,564.64,209.36,7.20" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The conceptualization and analysis of change over time: An integrative approach incorporating longitudinal mean and covariance structures analysis (LMACS) and multiple indicator latent growth modeling (MLGM)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="483" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,574.64,240.01,7.20;7,56.68,584.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,594.64,232.02,7.20;7,56.68,604.64,232.01,7.20;7,56.68,614.64,95.31,7.20" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modeling intraindividual changes in children&apos;s social skills at home and at school: A multivariate latent growth approach to understanding between-settings differences in children&apos;s social skill development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ramey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Ramey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multivariate Behavioral Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="365" to="396" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,624.64,240.01,7.20;7,56.68,634.64,232.00,7.20;7,56.68,644.64,232.00,7.20;7,56.68,654.64,69.61,7.20" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical evaluation of the use of fixed cutoff points in RMSEA test statistic in structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Curran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bollen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kirby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Paxton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Methods &amp; Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="462" to="494" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,664.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,674.64,232.03,7.20;7,56.68,684.64,56.66,7.20" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reactions to psychological contract breach: A dual perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Tsui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="527" to="548" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.68,694.64,240.02,7.20;7,56.68,704.64,232.03,7.20;7,56.68,714.64,115.81,7.20" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The employeeorganization relationship: Where do we go from here?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Coyle-Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>.-M</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shore</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Resource Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="166" to="179" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,76.14,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,86.28,75.38,7.20" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Proactive behavior in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Crant</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="435" to="462" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,96.41,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,106.55,232.03,7.20;7,314.68,116.69,43.62,7.20" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adaptive versus proactive behavior in service recovery: The role of self-managing teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>De Jong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>De Ruyter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Decision Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="457" to="491" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,126.82,240.01,7.20;7,314.68,136.96,232.00,7.20;7,314.68,147.10,128.40,7.20" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An introduction to latent variable growth curve modeling: Concepts, issues, and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Duncan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Duncan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Strycker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,157.23,240.01,7.20;7,314.68,167.37,232.03,7.20;7,314.68,177.50,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,187.64,192.17,7.20" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causes and consequences of psychological contracts among knowledge workers in the high technology and financial services industries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Flood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ramamoorthy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pearson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Human Resource Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1152" to="1165" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,197.78,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,207.91,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,218.05,68.21,7.20" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personal initiative: An active performance concept for work in the 21st century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Frese</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Fay</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="187" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,228.18,240.00,7.20;7,314.68,238.32,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,248.46,173.60,7.20" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Helping to improve suggestion systems: Predictors of making suggestions in companies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Frese</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Teng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J D</forename><surname>Wijnen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1139" to="1155" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,258.59,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,268.73,232.03,7.20;7,314.68,278.87,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,289.00,113.24,7.20" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceived organizational support and work status: A comparison of the employment relationships of part-time and full-time employees attending university classes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gakovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Tetrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="666" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,299.14,240.05,7.20;7,314.68,309.27,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,319.41,177.28,7.20" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new model of work role performance: Positive behavior in uncertain and interdependent contexts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Neal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Parker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="327" to="347" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,329.55,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,339.68,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,349.82,47.32,7.20" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Jiving the four-step, waltzing around factor analysis, and other serious fun</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hayduk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Glaser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="35" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,359.95,240.00,7.20;7,314.68,370.09,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,380.23,120.78,7.20" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fit indices in covariance structure modeling: Sensitivity to underparameterized model misspecification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="424" to="453" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,390.36,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,400.50,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,410.63,112.21,7.20" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Cutoff criteria for fit indexes in covariance structure analysis: Conventional criteria versus new alternatives. Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="55" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,420.77,240.00,7.20;7,314.68,430.91,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,441.04,197.80,7.20" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A meditation on mediation: Evidence that structural equations models perform better than regressions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Iacobucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Saldanha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Deng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,451.18,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,461.31,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,471.45,117.52,7.20" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Employee acceptance of organizational change: The role of organizational commitment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Iverson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Human Resource Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="149" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,481.59,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,491.72,232.00,7.20" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How fairness perceptions make innovative behavior more or less stressful</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Janssen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,501.86,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,511.99,232.00,7.20;7,314.68,522.13,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,532.27,30.96,7.20" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of psychological contract breach and organizational cynicism: Not all social exchange violations are created equal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Leary-Kelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="627" to="647" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,542.40,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,552.54,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,562.67,217.95,7.20" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Latent growth models of individual change: The case of newcomer adjustment. Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vandenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Self</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="140" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,572.81,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,582.95,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,593.08,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,603.22,59.83,7.20" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical exploration of psychological contract violation and individual behaviour: The case of Canadian federal civil servants in Quebec</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lemire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rouillard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Managerial Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="150" to="163" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,613.35,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,623.49,21.55,7.20" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>March</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Simon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizations</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1958" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,633.63,240.01,7.20;7,314.68,643.75,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,653.88,210.24,7.20" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Commitment to organizations and occupations: Extension and test of a three-component conceptualization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="538" to="551" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,664.00,240.03,7.20;7,314.68,674.13,232.02,7.20;7,314.68,684.25,43.62,7.20" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Taking charge at work: Extrarole efforts to initiate workplace change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Phelps</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="403" to="419" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.68,694.38,240.02,7.20;7,314.68,704.50,232.01,7.20;7,314.68,714.62,156.68,7.20" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When employees feel betrayed: A model of how psychological contract violation develops</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="226" to="256" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,76.14,240.03,7.20;8,56.68,86.21,232.02,7.20;8,56.68,96.28,60.79,7.20" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modeling the antecedents of proactive behavior at work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Parker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="636" to="652" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,106.35,240.01,7.20;8,56.68,116.41,232.01,7.20;8,56.68,126.48,220.55,7.20" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement invariance in longitudinal clinical research assuming change from development and intervention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pentz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C.-P</forename><surname>Chou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="450" to="462" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,136.55,240.01,7.20;8,56.68,146.62,231.99,7.20;8,56.68,156.69,150.42,7.20" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">After the fall: Layoff victims&apos; trust and cynicism in re-employment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Pugh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Skarlicki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Passell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,166.75,240.03,7.20;8,56.68,176.82,232.02,7.20;8,56.68,186.89,184.39,7.20" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Proactive customer service performance: Relationships with individual, task, and leadership variables</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carsten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Unger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Spector</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Performance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="363" to="390" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,196.96,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,207.03,232.02,7.20;8,56.68,217.09,232.02,7.20;8,56.68,227.16,106.49,7.20" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of psychological contract breach on performance of IT employees: The mediating role of affective commitment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L D</forename><surname>Restubog</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bordia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="299" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,237.23,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,247.30,232.00,7.20;8,56.68,257.37,14.00,7.20" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attitudinal organizational commitment and job performance: A meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Riketta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="266" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,267.43,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,277.50,156.70,7.20" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trust and breach of the psychological contract</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="574" to="599" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,287.57,240.01,7.20;8,56.68,297.64,232.00,7.20;8,56.68,307.71,141.07,7.20" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changing obligations and the psychological contract: A longitudinal study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kraatz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rousseau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="152" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,317.77,240.00,7.20;8,56.68,327.84,232.01,7.20;8,56.68,337.91,128.21,7.20" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The development of psychological contract breach and violation: A longitudinal study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="525" to="546" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,347.98,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,358.05,213.74,7.20" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Psychological and implied contracts in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rousseau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Employee Responsibilities and Rights Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="139" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,368.11,240.03,7.20;8,56.68,378.18,232.02,7.20;8,56.68,388.25,17.55,7.20" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Psychological contracts in organizations: Understanding written and unwritten agreements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Rousseau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,398.32,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,408.39,232.00,7.20;8,56.68,418.45,232.01,7.20;8,56.68,428.52,92.34,7.20" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of exchange variables on exit, voice, loyalty, and neglect: An integrative model of responses to declining job satisfaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Rusbult</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Farrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rogers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Mainous</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="599" to="627" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.68,438.58,240.02,7.20;8,56.68,448.64,232.02,7.20;8,314.68,76.13,232.01,7.20;8,314.68,86.13,129.60,7.20" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A meta-analytic study of general mental ability validity for different occupations in the European Community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Salgado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Moscoso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Bertua</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>De Fruyt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Rolland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1068" to="1081" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,96.13,240.03,7.20;8,314.68,106.14,232.00,7.20;8,314.68,116.14,231.53,7.20" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interactive effects of growth need strength, work context, and job complexity on self-reported creative performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shalley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Blum</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="489" to="505" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,126.14,240.03,7.20;8,314.68,136.14,232.00,7.20;8,314.68,146.14,198.63,7.20" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Examining degree of balance and level of obligation in the employment relationship: A social exchange approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Barksdale</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="731" to="744" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,156.14,240.02,7.20;8,314.68,166.14,232.02,7.20;8,314.68,176.14,179.14,7.20" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asymptotic confidence intervals for indirect effects in structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sobel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Sociological methodology</title>
		<editor>S. Leinhardt</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Francisco, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Jossey-Bass</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="290" to="312" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,186.14,240.01,7.20;8,314.68,196.14,232.00,7.20;8,314.68,206.14,205.80,7.20" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Point estimation, hypothesis testing, and interval estimation using the RMSEA: Some comments and a reply to Hayduk and Glaser</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Steiger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="162" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,216.14,240.01,7.20;8,314.68,226.14,232.00,7.20;8,314.68,236.14,232.01,7.20;8,314.68,246.14,30.96,7.20" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The mediating role of psychological contract violation on the relations between psychological contract breach and workrelated attitudes and behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Suazo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Managerial Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="136" to="160" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,256.14,240.02,7.20;8,314.68,266.14,232.00,7.20;8,314.68,276.14,155.20,7.20" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multifaceted conceptions of fit in structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Tanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Testing structural equation models</title>
		<editor>K. Bollen &amp; J. Long</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Newbury Park, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="10" to="40" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,286.14,240.02,7.20;8,314.68,296.14,232.01,7.20;8,314.68,306.14,77.55,7.20" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of psychological contract violations on exit, voice, loyalty, and neglect behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Turnley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Feldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="895" to="922" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,316.14,240.00,7.20;8,314.68,326.14,232.03,7.20;8,314.68,336.14,232.02,7.20;8,314.68,346.14,44.35,7.20" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A review and synthesis of the measurement invariance literature: Suggestions, practices, and recommendations for organizational research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vandenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lance</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,356.14,240.00,7.20;8,314.68,366.14,232.03,7.20;8,314.68,376.14,60.79,7.20" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Task complexity as a moderator of goal effects: A meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mento</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Locke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="416" to="425" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.68,386.14,240.02,7.20;8,314.68,396.14,232.01,7.20;8,314.68,406.14,150.70,7.20" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of psychological contract breach on work-related outcomes: A metaanalysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wayne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Glibkowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bravo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personnel Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="647" to="680" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
