<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">INSTITUTIONAL INEFFECTIVENESS, ILLEGITIMACY, AND PUBLIC SUPPORT FOR VIGILANTISM IN LATIN AMERICA *</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Utrecht University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Utrecht University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Sjoerd Groenmangebouw, Padualaan 14</addrLine>
									<postCode>3584 CH</postCode>
									<settlement>Utrecht</settlement>
									<country key="NL">the Netherlands</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">INSTITUTIONAL INEFFECTIVENESS, ILLEGITIMACY, AND PUBLIC SUPPORT FOR VIGILANTISM IN LATIN AMERICA *</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:11+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>vigilantism</term>
					<term>legitimacy</term>
					<term>punitiveness</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Why do individuals or groups support vigilantism as a means of conflict resolution?</head><p>Most researchers tend to agree that support for and participation in vigilantism occurs in "stateless locations," that is, when formal justice institutions are weak or absent. Despite this general consensus, quantitative evidence of this relationship is limited to a handful of country-specific studies that used only subjective survey-based measures of institutional weakness. This study seeks to extend research on vigilantism by assessing the relationship between subjective and objective conditions of formal justice institutions and public support for vigilantism across 323 provinces in 18 Latin American countries by using the 2012 AmericasBarometer Survey. Specifically, this study uses multilevel logistic regression techniques to examine the variability of public support for lethal vigilantism within and across Latin American countries. When controlling for a wide range of potential confounds, the results show that the most robust predictors of support for violent vigilantism are subjective indicators of institutional illegitimacy, personal victimization, and punitive attitudes. Evidence also exists that objective insecurity, as measured by province-level homicide rates, fosters public support for violent vigilantism in certain situations.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Why do individuals or groups support vigilantism as a means of conflict resolution? Most researchers tend to agree that support for and participation in vigilantism occurs when formal justice institutions are weak, absent, or otherwise "unavailable" <ref type="bibr" coords="1,371.14,423.24,51.80,9.21;1,40.38,435.20,22.40,9.21" target="#b1">(Abrahams, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,65.78,435.20,101.37,9.21" target="#b14">Buur and Jensen, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,170.15,435.20,61.65,9.21" target="#b18">Cooney, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,234.80,435.20,71.65,9.21" target="#b75">Schuberth, 2013)</ref>. Despite this general consensus, quantitative evidence of this relationship is limited to a handful of country-specific studies that used only subjective survey-based measures of institutional weakness <ref type="bibr" coords="1,108.88,471.07,95.02,9.21">Bruinsma, 2012, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,206.74,471.07,65.93,9.21" target="#b84">Tankebe, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,275.51,471.07,69.28,9.21" target="#b97">Weisburd, 1988)</ref>. This study seeks to extend research on vigilantism by assessing the relationship between subjective and objective conditions of formal justice institutions and public support for vigilantism across 323 provinces in 18 Latin American countries by using the 2012 AmericasBarometer Survey (Latin American Public Opinion Project, 2015a).</p><p>Specifically, this study is concerned with explaining support for lethal vigilantism or extralegal capital punishment. Support for serious violent vigilantism is a particularly <ref type="bibr" coords="3,50.34,60.68,150.97,9.21" target="#b73">Rosenbaum and Sederberg (1976)</ref> identified two other types of vigilantism, "regime control" and "social-group-control" vigilantism, in which punishment is directed against government officials and groups that challenge the status quo (typically minorities), respectively. Although this study is largely concerned with support for crime control vigilantism, it is important to note that these types can overlap considerably. For example, vigilante groups that patrol the U.S.-Mexico border, such as the American Border Patrol, are targeting perpetrators of illegal border crossings and therefore are punishing (or threatening to punish) criminal acts. However, some have noted the anti-immigrant motivation behind many of these vigilante groups, suggesting these vigilante acts are motivated by social group control (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,191.48,168.27,137.20,9.21">Anti-Defamation League, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,331.15,168.27,49.47,9.21" target="#b21">Doty, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.07,168.27,39.86,9.21;3,40.37,180.23,111.12,9.21">Southern Poverty Law Center, n.d.)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STATELESSNESS, SELF-HELP, AND VIGILANTISM</head><p>In modern states, the formal rules and procedures governing responses to law-breaking behaviors generally proscribe the use of physical force by private citizens, with some exceptions (e.g., self-defense). Support for violent vigilantism entails support for the violation of these rules. To explain this social phenomenon, two important questions must be answered. First, one must explain why people support the violation of the law to punish perceived wrongdoers. Second, it is important to explain why people support the use of lethal violence to punish perceived wrongdoers. A range of potential punishments and degrees of violence may be used for extralegal crime control and justice. The question here is under what circumstances do individuals support "unofficial" capital punishment? Research on vigilantism has tended to focus on the first question, whereas the second has typically been the domain of studies on punitive attitudes. However, studies on lynching in the United States have noted the close conceptual relationship between unofficial (vigilante) and official (state) executions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,219.33,365.45,161.65,9.21" target="#b44">(Jacobs, Carmichael, and Kent, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.90,365.45,39.01,9.21;3,40.37,377.40,131.88,9.21" target="#b56">Messner, Baumer, and Rosenfeld, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,175.37,377.40,60.09,9.21" target="#b66">Phillips, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,238.56,377.40,62.89,9.21" target="#b102">Zimring, 2003)</ref>. As <ref type="bibr" coords="3,324.26,377.40,83.40,9.21">Phillips (1987: 363)</ref> argued, "these acts of social control differ only in the agent administering the response." Therefore, to understand support for extralegal lethal executions, we must consider determinants of both vigilantism and punitiveness.</p><p>Under what conditions might individuals support vigilantism when other forms of conflict resolution (i.e., the police or courts) might be used instead? <ref type="bibr" coords="3,323.83,437.18,55.63,9.21" target="#b9">Black (1983)</ref> proposed that vigilantism ("self-help") is more likely to occur in "stateless locations" where law is unavailable. In this context, "law" often is used as shorthand for the provision of a public good (i.e., security) by state political, legal, and criminal justice institutions. This can include protection from violence or property theft, access to courts and other legal services, law enforcement, and regulation of public space. Under conditions in which these public goods are unavailable, individuals will support alternative, private means of social control to fill the security "gap" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,148.21,520.87,63.83,9.21" target="#b60">(Nivette, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,215.02,520.87,55.05,9.21" target="#b90">Ungar, 2013)</ref>. In quantitative terms, "law varies inversely with other social control" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,193.99,532.82,66.25,9.21">(Black, 1976: 6)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONDITIONS OF STATELESSNESS: INSTITUTIONAL INEFFECTIVENESS AND ILLEGITIMACY</head><p>Law can be "unavailable" in multiple ways. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="3,304.34,586.53,118.58,9.21;3,40.37,598.49,25.85,9.21" target="#b73">Rosenbaum and Sederberg (1976)</ref>, state (formal) institutions may lack the capability to police and punish violations of the law. Formal institutions that cannot provide security are considered ineffective, weak, or at worst failed states <ref type="bibr" coords="4,176.74,60.68,75.36,9.21" target="#b75">(Schuberth, 2013)</ref>. In <ref type="bibr" coords="4,271.48,60.68,83.36,9.21">Rotberg's (2004: 6)</ref> words, an "indicator of state failure is the growth of criminal violence. As state authority weakens and fails, and as the state becomes criminal in its oppression of its citizens, so lawlessness becomes more apparent. . . . For protection, citizens naturally turn to warlords and other strong figures . . . , thus offering the possibility of security at a time when all else, including the state itself, is crumbling." Although state failure represents an extreme case of ineffectiveness, the mechanism remains the same: When law is unavailable because the state cannot effectively enforce the law and punish violations, people will look for alternative means of social control to provide security.</p><p>Many researchers have documented vigilantism in contexts where states or criminal justice agents are absent or weak (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,228.23,180.23,75.02,9.21" target="#b1">Abrahams, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,307.96,180.23,119.23,9.21" target="#b13">Burrell and Weston, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,44.60,192.18,99.87,9.21" target="#b28">Gitlitz and Rojas, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,146.62,192.18,56.92,9.21" target="#b29">Godoy, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,205.69,192.18,53.58,9.21" target="#b36">Heald, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,261.42,192.18,62.99,9.21" target="#b40">Huggins, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,326.55,192.18,95.87,9.21;4,44.60,204.14,47.30,9.21" target="#b73">Rosenbaum and Sederberg, 1976;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,94.94,204.14,66.14,9.21" target="#b84">Tankebe, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,164.12,204.14,68.07,9.21" target="#b94">Van Cott, 2006)</ref>. Reporting on vigilante groups in Tanzania, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,44.60,216.09,97.39,9.21">Abrahams (1987: 179)</ref> argued that "there is a strong element of self-help in them <ref type="bibr" coords="4,407.79,216.09,15.49,9.21;4,44.60,228.04,30.25,9.21">[vigilantes]</ref>, but it is always in the context of the state. Often they appear to be a frontier phenomenon, occurring literally on the edges of state influence and control." Northern Peru's rondas campesinas, or peasant patrols, formed in response to rising crime rates and a lack of effective policing in rural communities <ref type="bibr" coords="4,274.89,263.92,106.25,9.21" target="#b28">(Gitlitz and Rojas, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,384.11,263.92,43.07,9.21;4,44.60,275.87,21.90,9.21" target="#b94">Van Cott, 2006)</ref>. In Guatemala, several authors noted the rise in linchamientos (lynchings) after the completion of the peace process in 1996 <ref type="bibr" coords="4,242.39,287.82,119.26,9.21" target="#b13">(Burrell and Weston, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,365.08,287.82,57.71,9.21" target="#b29">Godoy, 2004)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,44.60,299.78,137.82,9.21">Burrell and Weston (2008: 376)</ref> attributed the rise in linchamientos to the failure of the transitional state to "secure an effective rule of law that protects citizen rights and enforces obligations." In Bolivia, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,181.41,323.69,89.15,9.21">Goldstein (2003: 23)</ref> described linchamientos as "a form of political expression for people without access to formal legal venues, a critique of the democratic state and its claim to a rule of law." However, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,99.13,359.55,88.86,9.21">Schuberth (2013: 42)</ref> argued that weak state theories cannot fully explain the emergence and persistence of vigilantism in "strong, viable and modern states" such as those in Latin America. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,148.59,383.47,81.64,9.21">Cooney (1997: 393)</ref>, in drawing from <ref type="bibr" coords="4,307.72,383.47,53.01,9.21" target="#b9">Black (1983)</ref>, proposed that within states "certain groups occupy stateless locations in social space" and that these people "are largely outside the state's legal system and hence are more likely to use aggressive tactics . . . to resolve their conflicts." In other words, individuals living in "stateless locations" cannot access formal crime control and so law is in essence unavailable. The state is "absent" in the sense that individuals and groups deny its legitimacy-i.e., the right to rule-and hence its monopoly over the use of physical force <ref type="bibr" coords="4,308.63,455.20,63.18,9.21" target="#b60">(Nivette, 2014)</ref>. Legitimacy can be lost when institutions and authorities are unjust, illegal, and untrustworthy, as well as when public goods, namely security and welfare, are not fairly and equally provided within society <ref type="bibr" coords="4,106.58,491.06,70.56,9.21" target="#b8">(Beetham, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,179.65,491.06,123.72,9.21" target="#b12">Bottoms and Tankebe, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,305.89,491.06,65.10,9.21" target="#b85">Tankebe, 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Generally, a growing amount of evidence shows that people who perceive the state and its powerholders (e.g., police and courts) to lack legitimacy are less likely to cooperate with the police, report crimes, and obey the law (for a review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,371.37,526.93,47.05,9.21" target="#b88">Tyler, 2009</ref>). More specifically, studies have indicated that individuals who lack confidence in the police, or who perceive the police to be unfair and untrustworthy, are more likely to support the use of extralegal violence to solve disputes and punish wrongdoing <ref type="bibr" coords="4,384.78,562.79,42.37,9.21;4,44.61,574.75,64.15,9.21" target="#b25">(Gau and Brunson, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,204.23,574.75,93.69,9.21">Bruinsma, 2012, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,300.09,574.75,84.22,9.21" target="#b43">Jackson et al., 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,386.48,574.75,40.68,9.21;4,44.61,586.71,21.91,9.21" target="#b84">Tankebe, 2009)</ref>. When examining predictors of attitudes toward the use of self-help violence among minority youth in London, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,194.83,598.66,108.97,9.21">Jackson et al. (2013: 491)</ref> found that "illegitimate and procedurally unjust policing opens up the space for citizens to use private or extralegal force" to defend oneself, deal with disputes, and achieve political goals. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,376.18,72.46,46.79,9.21;5,40.37,84.41,121.49,9.21">Wilkinson, Beaty, and Lurry (2009: 32)</ref> found that disadvantaged Black youth in the United States perceive police to be "corrupt, unjust, racially biased, class biased, a tool of state repression, criminal, and abusive" and so rely on self-help to solve disputes. In Latin America, the systematic failure of newly formed democracies to secure citizens' rights means that statelessness is disproportionately felt among the poor <ref type="bibr" coords="5,298.11,132.24,124.82,9.21" target="#b15">(Caldeira and Holston, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,40.37,144.19,70.76,9.21" target="#b75">Schuberth, 2013)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,117.62,144.19,79.18,9.21">Godoy (2004: 622)</ref> reported that linchamientos occur primarily in "poor and marginalized communities." In Bolivia, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,232.36,156.15,93.45,9.21">Goldstein (2008: 254)</ref> documented one resident's perceptions of the availability of law: "There is no justice in Bolivia. At least for the poor there isn't. You have to have money to get justice." <ref type="bibr" coords="5,287.62,180.05,66.75,9.21" target="#b65">Perlman (2010)</ref> argued that the rise in violence and support for extralegal killings in Rio de Janiero's favelas are a result of government indifference coupled with the systematic marginalization and stigmatization of favela residents.</p><p>In summary, support for vigilantism is inversely related to the availability or perceived availability of law. Put another way, when individuals cannot access formal, legal methods of dispute resolution, crime control, and punishment, they will favor alternative means to achieve these goals. Law, or security, can be unavailable or absent because formal institutions are ineffective, illegitimate, or both. Ineffectiveness arises when the state simply fails to punish violations of the law and provide security for its citizens. Ineffective institutions are weak but not necessarily illegitimate. States can lose legitimacy when institutions fail to distribute law in a legal, fair, and equal manner. Likewise, a state can be effective at controlling crime but still lack legitimacy among its populace. However, illegitimacy and ineffectiveness often are conceptually and empirically intertwined: "[I]t is not enough to act in accordance with the law and to ensure both that citizens are treated with procedural justice in interactions and that they receive fair outcomes or fair allocation of police resources; power-holders need to demonstrate, in addition, a capacity to obtain effective results" <ref type="bibr" coords="5,76.06,383.29,85.06,9.21">(Tankebe, 2013: 112</ref>; see also <ref type="bibr" coords="5,203.95,383.29,66.68,9.21" target="#b8">Beetham, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,273.15,383.29,123.22,9.21" target="#b12">Bottoms and Tankebe, 2012)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PUNITIVE PREFERENCES AND LETHAL VIGILANTISM</head><p>One question remains: Why might individuals support the use of lethal violence when other forms of informal social control and conflict resolution could be used instead? <ref type="bibr" coords="5,396.35,437.10,26.56,9.21;5,40.38,449.05,27.67,9.21" target="#b4">Baker (2002)</ref> noted that explanations that place vigilantism as an anomic response to the lack of legitimate and effective means of crime control are useful for understanding the emergence of vigilantism but not the intensity of violence. As <ref type="bibr" coords="5,282.22,472.96,54.75,9.21" target="#b10">Black (1998)</ref> noted, a wide range of options is available for social control and punishment, from avoidance to negotiation to execution. Because lethal vigilantism can be considered a punitive form of informal crime control, it is important to take into account individuals' more general views on punishment, particularly how and when people seek to increase the severity of punishment. Research on public punitiveness and support for the death penalty has offered several important insights on this issue. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,50.34,556.64,176.81,9.21" target="#b5">Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld (2003)</ref> outlined two explanatory paradigms used to understand public support for the death penalty in the United States. The first paradigm focuses on an individual's or a community's exposure to violence. People who live in areas with high violent crime rates, who have been victimized, or who fear crime are theoretically more likely to support the use of punitive measures to control crime <ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.60,72.46,63.08,9.21" target="#b68">(Rankin, 1979;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,109.89,72.46,142.26,9.21" target="#b82">Stack, Cao, and Adamzyck, 2007)</ref>. From an instrumental perspective, high crime rates necessitate a strong, punitive response to control and deter future crimes. Evidence for this mechanism can be found in the vigilantism literature <ref type="bibr" coords="6,352.43,96.37,74.73,9.21" target="#b2">(Adinkrah, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.60,108.32,54.00,9.21" target="#b4">Baker, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,101.15,108.32,57.34,9.21" target="#b29">Godoy, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,161.04,108.32,68.99,9.21" target="#b97">Weisburd, 1988)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,236.96,108.32,76.75,9.21">Baker (2002: 242)</ref> proposed that the logic of the Bakassi Boys' violent vigilantism in Nigeria is largely instrumental: "[C]ounterforce deters and the more severe the counterforce, the less lawlessness there will be." In a survey of media reports on vigilante homicides in Ghana, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,291.42,144.19,73.51,9.21" target="#b2">Adinkrah (2005)</ref> reported that lethal vigilantism occurred more frequently in regions with higher crime rates and public anxiety about victimization.</p><p>The second paradigm proposes that crime control preferences are not necessarily related to objective risk, but instead, they depend on how political actors construct the problem <ref type="bibr" coords="6,85.64,203.97,183.00,9.21" target="#b5">(Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld, 2003)</ref>. Constructionists view support for punitive policies, including the death penalty, as a product of (typically) conservative political rhetoric framing crime as the result of liberal, welfare-oriented policies <ref type="bibr" coords="6,389.50,227.88,37.63,9.21;6,44.60,239.83,74.93,9.21" target="#b7">(Beckett and Sasson, 2004)</ref>. In Latin America, rising insecurity has led some right-wing politicians to call for mano dura, or "iron fist," crime control tactics, which can include police brutality, militarized police operations, expansive antigang legislation, and extended prison sentences for gang or gang-related behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,229.73,275.70,67.39,9.21" target="#b39">(Holland, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,300.31,275.70,55.20,9.21" target="#b41">Hume, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,358.70,275.70,59.73,9.21" target="#b72">Rodgers, 2009</ref>). Similar to conservative rhetoric in the United States, which problematized "permissive" criminal justice policies, right-wing politicians in El Salvador and Guatemala have blamed the democratic reforms of the 1990s for rising crime rates <ref type="bibr" coords="6,288.41,311.56,65.68,9.21" target="#b39">(Holland, 2013)</ref>. President Francisco Flores of El Salvador described these punitive policies as a "counterweight to the passive and protectionist attitude toward criminals caused by a set of laws that protect criminals over citizens" (quoted in <ref type="bibr" coords="6,195.44,347.43,77.58,9.21">Holland, 2013: 47)</ref>.</p><p>It is important to note that research on punitive preferences typically has referred to support for state-sanctioned methods of crime control and punishment, prompting the question as to why punitiveness might generate support for nonstate punishments. One explanation might be that punitive attitudes reflect general approval of harsh punishment, regardless of whether imposed by the state or private citizens because they "differ only in the agent administering the response" <ref type="bibr" coords="6,220.24,419.16,82.42,9.21">(Phillips, 1987: 363)</ref>. Another explanation draws on the constructionist view of punitiveness, wherein politicians appeal to out-group hostility to gain support for harsh crime control measures <ref type="bibr" coords="6,269.98,443.07,123.48,9.21" target="#b17">(Cochran and Piquero, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,395.88,443.07,31.26,9.21;6,44.60,455.03,121.05,9.21" target="#b44">Jacobs, Carmichael, and Kent, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,167.74,455.03,111.94,9.21" target="#b46">King and Wheelock, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,281.76,455.03,145.41,9.21;6,44.60,466.99,22.40,9.21" target="#b56">Messner, Baumer, and Rosenfeld, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,129.86,466.99,81.31,9.21">Cullen, 2007, 2010)</ref>. Accounts of mano dura rhetoric and vigilantism in Latin America have suggested that constructions of the "other" play a role in generating support for punitive and even lethal crime control measures <ref type="bibr" coords="6,319.95,490.89,57.78,9.21" target="#b41">(Hume, 2007)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,384.54,490.89,42.62,9.21;6,44.60,502.85,64.69,9.21">Goldstein et al. (2007: 52)</ref> argued that support for mano dura and violent vigilantism in the barrios of Cochabamba, Bolivia, "exhibits a distinctive us-versus-them, insider-outsider quality, in which anyone unknown to you is a stranger and hence a potential threat to your security." They contended that this distrust of outsiders is pervasive throughout all social strata but particularly in the cities where migration from rural villages is changing the social fabric of urban communities. In Central America, mano dura discourses surrounding gangs and gang members have painted a picture of "good" versus "evil" citizens <ref type="bibr" coords="6,342.10,574.58,62.55,9.21" target="#b72">(Rodgers, 2009</ref>), effectively dehumanizing young men thought to be associated with gangs and justifying the use of violent legal and extralegal coercion <ref type="bibr" coords="6,233.90,598.50,58.22,9.21" target="#b41">(Hume, 2007)</ref>. For example, Hume reported that mano dura rhetoric in El Salvador is thought to have inspired the growth of death squads targeting young men with gang tattoos. Thus, punitive attitudes may tap into this out-group hostility, motivating support for extralegal methods to control the perceived "threat" <ref type="bibr" coords="7,79.83,84.41,163.99,9.21" target="#b44">(Jacobs, Carmichael, and Kent, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,247.33,84.41,175.60,9.21" target="#b56">Messner, Baumer, and Rosenfeld, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,40.37,96.37,59.50,9.21" target="#b66">Phillips, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,102.39,96.37,62.30,9.21" target="#b102">Zimring, 2003)</ref>.</p><p>In sum, both violent vigilantism and punitiveness stem from feelings that formal institutions are somehow ineffective in providing security. High levels of crime, victimization, and feelings of insecurity create an environment in which citizens must consider alternative, more extreme methods of crime and social control. However formed, individual punitive preferences can be expected to influence how the public reacts to, and subsequently its support for, lethal vigilante punishments.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>THE CURRENT STUDY</head><p>This study seeks to examine under what conditions individuals support the use of extralegal lethal violence to punish wrongdoers. The earlier review suggested that public support for vigilantism increases in "stateless locations" wherein formal institutions are unable or unwilling to provide security and maintain social order. Prior research has outlined two interrelated conditions of statelessness that can generate support for vigilante violence: ineffectiveness and illegitimacy. Although numerous scholars have documented support for vigilantism in stateless locations, few have formally tested these claims, and none have done so by using a quantitative cross-national framework. Specifically, this study seeks to fill this gap by investigating four propositions in the context of Latin America. First, institutional ineffectiveness is associated with higher support for violent vigilantism (Proposition 1), and second, a lack of institutional legitimacy is associated with higher support for violent vigilantism (Proposition 2). One key indicator of statelessness identified in the literature is exposure to criminal violence, and so this study tests the proposition that exposure to high levels of lethal violence increases individual support for lethal vigilantism (Proposition 3). Finally, lethal vigilantism can be understood as a particularly punitive form of extralegal punishment, and as such, the rich research on punitive attitudes can help us understand when and why individuals support the use of lethal violence as punishment. Therefore, this study tests the proposition that punitive attitudes are associated with higher support for violent vigilantism (Proposition 4).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DATA AND METHODS</head><p>The AmericasBarometer public opinion surveys have been conducted regularly in North and South America since 2004 by the Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP) (2015a). The LAPOP is one of the most extensive and methodologically rigorous surveys in the region, covering a wide range of political and social topics <ref type="bibr" coords="7,385.84,514.80,37.08,9.21;7,40.37,526.75,79.50,9.21" target="#b57">(Mishler and Bratton, 2004)</ref>. The AmericasBarometer 2012 survey is based on 41,632 face-to-face interviews with voting age adults across 26 Latin American, Caribbean, and North American countries <ref type="bibr" coords="7,103.49,550.67,71.88,9.21">(LAPOP, 2015b)</ref>. Samples are nationally representative of each country's noninstitutionalized, voting age population, and they were drawn from a stratified multistage cluster design. Each national sample was stratified based on the size of municipalities, urban/rural areas, and regions by using the most recent national census. One individual was interviewed per household, and quotas for age and sex were adopted to avoid sampling error resulting from disproportionate nonresponse from males. In certain cases, geographical areas such as islands and territories were excluded as a result of small or insular populations (e.g., the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador).</p><p>The current study uses AmericasBarometer 2012 survey data from 18 Latin American countries and 323 provinces/departments to examine the individual and contextual determinants of public support for lethal vigilantism. This study focuses on Spanish-or Portuguese-speaking countries to limit possible differences arising from survey translations. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,68.14,130.68,3.49,6.44">1</ref> The 2012 survey contains a module measuring public support for the use of violence in six situations. Two situations involve the use of lethal violence in retaliation to wrongdoing: killing someone who has raped a child and killing someone who has terrorized/threatened a community. 2 This analysis includes all respondents for whom complete information is available (N = 19,742).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MEASURES</head><p>This study examines determinants of support for lethal vigilantism in two situations. In each situation, the respondent is asked whether he or she would approve, would not approve but understand, or would neither approve nor understand. For the purpose of this article, the categories "would not approve but understand" and "would neither approve nor understand" were collapsed into a single category, creating a binary variable coded 1 for those who approve and 0 for those who do not approve. This is done to focus on respondents who fully approve of the use of lethal violence in these situations. Furthermore, because two categories register disapproval of the use of violence, it is arguably acceptable to combine these categories.</p><p>The two situations are described to the respondent as follows (LAPOP, 2015c: 8):</p><p>Suppose that a person has killed someone who has raped a son or daughter. Would you approve of killing him, or would you not approve but understand, or would you neither approve nor understand? (Approval of vigilantism (rape))</p><p>If a person frightens his community and someone kills him, would you approve of killing the person, or would you not approve but understand, or would you neither approve nor understand? (Approval of vigilantism (community threat))</p><p>It is important to note that these questions are quoted directly from the English version of the survey. The Spanish versions contain slightly more information:</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Suponga que una persona mata a alguien que le ha violado a un/a hija/o. ¿Usted aprobaría que mate al violador,ó no aprobaría que lo mate pero lo entendería,ó no lo aprobaría ni lo entendería?</head><p>1. In Bolivia, Ecuador, and Guatemala, surveys also were conducted in respective indigenous languages to prevent the exclusion of monolingual speakers (LAPOP, 2015d). 2. The four remaining vignettes depict the use of different levels of violence in response to perceived wrongdoing and deviance (LAPOP, 2015c: 8-9). These vignettes, although potentially interesting to the study of general attitudes toward the use of violence, were excluded because they did not conform to this study's working definition of crime control vigilantism. In three situations, the victim(s) of violence have not necessarily violated legal norms. In the fourth situation, the perpetrator of violence is a public official, not a private citizen.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Si hay una persona que mantiene asustada a su comunidad y alguien lo mata. ¿Usted aprobaría que maten a esa persona que mantiene asustada a la comunidad,ó no aprobaría que lo maten pero lo entendería,ó no lo aprobaría ni lo entendería?</head><p>First, the Spanish version asks more specifically whether the respondent supports the use of violence against the perpetrator of the initial deviant act, i.e. "al violador" (the rapist) in the first scenario and "esa persona que mantiene asustada a la comunidad" (that person who frightens the community) in the second scenario. Second, the phrase mantiene asustada implies that the person is keeping the community scared, or frightened, over a period of time. These situations depict the use of lethal violence in response to two different grievances. 3 The first is relatively straightforward. Lethal violence is used to punish someone who has committed a serious sexual offense against a child. Specific details about the perceived offender are not given; however, the victim is identified as a "son or daughter" evoking a sense of close relational distance between the victim and the vigilante perpetrator. The second situation is less clear about what offense is being committed and against whom when someone "frightens" the community. However, the situation echoes grievances between neighborhood residents and the local gangs or organized crime groups that have overrun many communities in Latin America <ref type="bibr" coords="9,368.12,275.05,54.80,9.21;9,40.37,287.00,57.33,9.21" target="#b20">(Decker and Pyrooz, 2010)</ref>. As one resident in Rio de Janiero described it:</p><p>They [the militias] control everything; they impose curfews; they make you pay for coming and going in your own community. . . . If you don't do what they say, they shoot you-not to wound but to kill. That's their way. (quoted in <ref type="bibr" coords="9,338.03,329.19,84.90,9.21">Perlman, 2010: 168)</ref> Therefore, one possible interpretation in this case reflects the use of lethal violence as a response to collective victimization by criminal groups to restore social order.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures of "Statelessness"</head><p>The key explanatory variables were chosen to represent the ways in which individuals experience statelessness. 4 Conditions of statelessness can be measured both subjectively on the individual level and objectively by using aggregate indicators of state weakness or illegitimacy. The subjective measures used here capture individual perceptions of two major dimensions of statelessness: institutional ineffectiveness and illegitimacy. First, formal institutions can be absent because they lack the capability to control crime and provide security. Three items were included to operationalize perceptions of institutional crime control capability. Likelihood of justice asks respondents on a 4-point scale from "None" (coded 0) to "A lot" (coded 4) "if you were a victim of robbery or assault how much 3. Importantly, as one anonymous reviewer pointed out, the vigilante perpetrator is not identified, and so it is conceivable that the respondents may imagine the act being carried out by the state. Yet this is unlikely because capital punishment has been abolished or fallen out of use in Latin America. It is possible that the respondents may imagine the infamous off-duty police "death squads" as the perpetrators <ref type="bibr" coords="9,128.02,574.61,57.78,7.82" target="#b40">(Huggins, 1991)</ref>. Even so, these death squads typically operate outside formal institutions and rules, and as such, they are acting as informal, private agents of social control. 4. Generally for ease of interpretation, some variables were recoded so that higher values on the item indicate greater substantive values (e.g., greater likelihood of justice, more economic security, gang problems, and trust).</p><p>faith do you have that the judicial system would punish the guilty?" Substantively, this question reflects the perceived capability of formal institutions to punish and provide justice when needed. Gang problem measures the extent to which the respondent perceives that his or her neighborhood is affected by gangs (ranging from 0 "None" to 4 "A lot"). Finally, personal victimization is measured by using the following item: "Have you been a victim of any type of crime in the past 12 months?" Responses are coded 0 "No" and 1 "Yes" (Victimization). Collectively, these items represent dimensions of personal and community insecurities about crime and the lack of formal crime control. Second, formal institutions can be "virtually" absent because they lack legitimacy and are distrusted by citizens. Researchers in criminology and political science have used a wide range of variables and operationalizations to represent the latent concept of legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="10,73.06,192.02,116.93,9.21" target="#b11">(Booth and Seligson, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,193.01,192.02,110.27,9.21" target="#b22">Eisner and Nivette, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,306.30,192.02,65.60,9.21" target="#b85">Tankebe, 2013)</ref>. Some have operationalized legitimacy as trust, respect, and confidence, distinct from but related to perceptions of procedural and distributive justice <ref type="bibr" coords="10,263.50,215.92,126.11,9.21" target="#b58">(Murphy and Cherney, 2012)</ref>. Others have framed legitimacy as a multidimensional concept, of which trust and fair treatment are only one part <ref type="bibr" coords="10,123.74,239.83,117.48,9.21" target="#b11">(Booth and Seligson, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,244.41,239.83,65.79,9.21" target="#b85">Tankebe, 2013)</ref>. Here, three variables are used to represent dimensions of legitimacy, such as trust, equality, and legality <ref type="bibr" coords="10,381.52,251.79,45.66,9.21;10,44.60,263.75,22.40,9.21" target="#b8">(Beetham, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,69.26,263.75,122.44,9.21" target="#b12">Bottoms and Tankebe, 2012)</ref>. Institutional trust is constructed by using 12 items that reflect a respondent's trust, confidence, and support for political, electoral, and criminal justice institutions. For example, items include the following:</p><p>r "To what extent do you think the courts in [country] guarantee a fair trial?" r "To what extent do you think that citizens' basic rights are well protected by the political system of [country]?"</p><p>r "To what extent do you trust the justice system?" r "To what extent do you trust the police?" (See Appendix A for a full list of items.)</p><p>Respondents were asked to indicate their agreement by using a scale of 1 to 7, where 1 signifies "Not at all" and 7 signifies "A lot." The 12 items were averaged to create a combined scale, where higher scores indicate greater trust in political and criminal justice institutions (Alpha = .905). Notably, the trust, support, and fairness items used here were designed to represent a particular dimension of legitimacy, what Booth and Seligson called "support for regime institutions" <ref type="bibr" coords="10,216.77,431.12,144.99,9.21">(Booth and Seligson, 2009: 49-53)</ref>. Furthermore, by using data from the 2004 LAPOP survey, <ref type="bibr" coords="10,244.04,443.07,116.76,9.21" target="#b11">Booth and Seligson (2009)</ref> found that the items formed a distinct latent construct, which was related to other dimensions of legitimacy, such as regime performance and support for local government.</p><p>Additionally, the way powerholders behave when representing and enforcing the law (i.e., lawfulness) sends important signals to citizens about the legitimacy of state representatives and institutions <ref type="bibr" coords="10,159.14,502.85,127.33,9.21" target="#b12">(Bottoms and Tankebe, 2012)</ref>. Lawfulness refers to the extent to which "power has been acquired and exercised in accordance with established rules in a given society" <ref type="bibr" coords="10,130.97,526.75,82.05,9.21">(Tankebe, 2013: 6)</ref>. Police lawfulness, here measured by perceived criminal activities of police and experiences of misconduct (e.g., bribery), is therefore an important component of institutional legitimacy. Police criminality is a nonordered categorical variable that measures respondents' perceptions as to whether police in their community 0 "protect people from crime" or 1 "are involved in crime." A third category captured and combined the unprompted responses "neither" or "both" (coded 2). This category was left as is, but it is not theoretically meaningful because it is impossible to distinguish the two responses in the data set. A binary variable (0 "No" and 1 "Yes") measures whether a police officer has asked the respondent for a bribe in the past 12 months (Bribe experiences).</p><p>Statelessness also is measured objectively on an aggregate level. Although prior research has suggested that support for vigilantism, and particularly lethal punishment, stems from exposure to high levels of violence <ref type="bibr" coords="11,249.43,108.32,74.33,9.21" target="#b2">(Adinkrah, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,327.22,108.32,54.91,9.21" target="#b4">Baker, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,385.58,108.32,37.35,9.21;11,40.38,120.28,134.02,9.21" target="#b5">Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,177.68,120.28,63.58,9.21" target="#b39">Holland, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,244.54,120.28,68.53,9.21" target="#b94">Van Cott, 2006)</ref>, no study on vigilantism has statistically assessed this relationship. To measure the contextual effects of violent crime on support for violence, this study uses provincial-or department-level homicide rates (n = 323). Homicide data are preferable to other types of crime because homicides have been shown to be historically and cross-nationally comparable <ref type="bibr" coords="11,332.28,168.10,90.67,9.21;11,40.38,180.05,21.90,9.21" target="#b54">(Marshall and Block, 2004)</ref>. Average homicide rates per 100,000 population were drawn where possible from each country's mortality statistics for the years 2009 to 2012 and supplemented where necessary by police data (Provincial homicide rate). Detailed information on the sources and calculation of provincial homicide rates can be found in the online supporting information. 5</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Punitiveness</head><p>Two variables are used as proxies for individual punitive attitudes. First, a general nonordered categorical indicator of punitiveness measures the respondents' preference for retributive versus preventative policies (Punitiveness). Respondents are asked, "What should be done to reduce crime in a country like ours?" and presented with two options: "Implement preventative measures" (coded 0) or "Increase punishment of criminals" (coded 1). Respondents who, unprompted, answered "Both" are coded 2. Second, punitiveness research has emphasized the role of political actors in shaping attitudes and justifying the use of legal and extralegal violence against perceived threats. Calls for "law and order" or "iron fist" responses to social problems tend to play off citizens' insecurities about changing sociopolitical order. Therefore, this study takes into account respondents' favorable attitudes toward right-wing "iron fist" political policies (Mano dura attitudes).</p><p>To measure an individual's preference for mano dura, the AmericasBarometer asks, "Do you think that our country needs a government with an iron fist, or do you think that problems can be resolved with everyone's participation?" (0 "Everyone's participation" and 1 "Iron fist"). <ref type="bibr" coords="11,101.32,436.92,65.81,9.21" target="#b39">Holland (2013)</ref> reported that this operationalization in public opinion surveys captures (typically) politically conservative preferences for authoritarian leadership and, thus, repressive criminal justice policies.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control Variables</head><p>Additionally, some researchers have proposed that insecurity and, consequently, support for private justice stem from broader economic and social insecurities <ref type="bibr" coords="11,360.34,514.46,62.56,9.21">(Loader, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,40.37,526.42,53.67,9.21" target="#b79">Smith, 2004)</ref>. In particular, individuals with low social standing are more likely to experience institutional inefficiencies or, in <ref type="bibr" coords="11,220.37,538.37,62.19,9.21" target="#b9">Black's (1983)</ref> terms, the unavailability of law. Therefore, four items capturing individual perceptions of economic insecurities, social distrust, and social status are included as control variables. The first two measure an individual's perceptions of both personal and national economic situations. Respondents are 5. Additional supporting information can be found in the listing for this article in the Wiley Online Library at http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/crim.2016.54.issue-1/issuetoc. asked to describe their country's (Country economy) and their personal overall economic situation (Personal economy, coded from 1 "Very bad" to 5 "Very good"). The third is a single variable measuring the trustworthiness of citizens in the respondent's community (Trust, coded from 1 "Untrustworthy" to 4 "Very trustworthy"). Social status is measured by using an indicator of educational attainment. Educational attainment is typically correlated with several socioeconomic outcomes including higher occupational status, better housing, and higher incomes <ref type="bibr" coords="12,169.69,132.41,64.44,9.21" target="#b77">(Shavers, 2007)</ref>. The AmericasBarometer asks each respondent how many years of schooling he or she has completed. Years of education were categorized to represent roughly low, medium, and high attainment: 0-6 years (no education to primary school), 7-12 years (primary to secondary school), and 13+ years (tertiary and above). Categories were coded 0, 1, and 2, respectively. Several variables were included to control for potential confounds that have previously been shown to predict violence and vigilantism, including age, employment, urban residence, and sex. Age is a continuous variable measured in years, including an age-squared term for nonlinear effects. Unemployed is a binary variable coded 1 for respondents who reported they were "not working and not looking for a job" or "actively looking for a job" and 0 for all other categories (i.e., the employed, pensioners, homemakers, or students). Rural (coded 0) and urban (coded 1) classifications were derived from each country's official definition (Urban). Male respondents are coded as 1 and females as 0 (Male). Finally, parenthood may influence an individual's sympathy with vigilante actions, particularly in relation to the first scenario wherein the victim is a "son or daughter." Therefore, a dichotomous variable indicating whether the respondent has children (0 "No" and 1 "Yes") was included as a control (Parenthood). 6</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Missing Data</head><p>The percentage of missing data for most variables was low, that is, between 0.3 percent and 2.8 percent missing. Missing values for the two variables Institutional trust and Police criminality were relatively higher at 16.1 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively. Subsequent inspection of missing data patterns for Police criminality showed no substantial relationship between missingness and other variables in the analysis (i.e., the partial correlations were less than 0.05), which suggests that in this case nonresponse is unlikely to bias the estimates of effect. An inspection of missing data patterns for Institutional trust found that missingness was related to Social status. Specifically, those who reported completing up to a primary-level education were less likely to respond to institutional trust questions (partial r = .09). However, nonresponse for Institutional trust will arguably not bias the estimates of effect as long as Social status is included to control for the probability of missingness <ref type="bibr" coords="12,191.07,498.36,103.63,9.21" target="#b26">(Gelman and Hill, 2006)</ref>. Nevertheless, the full models are reestimated with imputed values for Institutional trust as a robustness check (results are reported in the Results section). </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ANALYTIC STRATEGY</head><p>This study uses multilevel logistic regression techniques to examine the variability of public support for lethal vigilantism within and across Latin American countries. Multilevel modeling is more appropriate than aggregation or a single-level design for two reasons: 1) It accounts for group-level dependence resulting from sampling respondents within nations, and 2) it avoids ecological fallacy <ref type="bibr" coords="13,249.36,126.26,116.85,9.21" target="#b80">(Snijders and Bosker, 2004)</ref>. In this case, a mixed-effects design is advantageous over fixed effects for both substantive and methodological reasons. Substantively, this study is interested in any potential between-country and between-province differences in the outcome, and so a model must be used that can estimate this variability. Methodologically, the number of groups (countries, provinces) is too large to be considered unique categories <ref type="bibr" coords="13,233.42,186.03,142.34,9.21">(Snijders and Bosker, 2004: 46-7)</ref>. Thus, the results are estimated by using a three-level, mixed-effects design with random provinceand country-level intercepts to examine the extent to which subjective and objective conditions of statelessness explain variation in support for lethal vigilantism. Models are estimated by using the xtmelogit command in Stata 13 (StataCorp, 2013). <ref type="table" coords="13,50.34,287.65,32.00,9.21" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> presents descriptive statistics for all variables used in the analyses. Overall, support for lethal vigilantism in response to someone raping a child is higher (36.3 percent) than support for killing someone who frightens the community (20.8 percent). McNemar's chi-square statistic indicates that the proportions of approval to disapproval in each scenario are significantly different (χ 2 = 1911.34, p &lt; .001). In line with previous findings <ref type="bibr" coords="13,40.38,347.43,170.96,9.21" target="#b34">(Haas, de Keijser, and Bruinsma, 2012)</ref>, this suggests that public opinion about vigilantism depends on the circumstances and actors involved. Beliefs about police misconduct are prevalent in Latin America: Almost half of the sample report that they believe the police are involved in crime (44.7 percent). Furthermore, a significant proportion of respondents (12 percent) report that they have been asked for a bribe by a police officer in the past 12 months. Compare this with the incidence of bribery experiences in 27 European Union countries, where 4 percent report that they have been asked or expected to pay a bribe from any institution in the past 12 months, and only 1 percent have been asked by the police or customs (see Special Eurobarometer 397 conducted by TNS Opinion and Social, 2014: 79). Respondents are exposed to varying conditions of insecurity as measured by levels of homicide: The level of aggregate violence ranges from very low, that is, 1.5 homicides per 100,000 population, to very high, that is, 136.8 per 100,000, with an average province-level homicide rate of 23.6 per 100,000 people. <ref type="figure" coords="13,50.34,502.85,35.69,9.21">Figure 1</ref> illustrates the mean level of support and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs) for lethal vigilantism in both situations by country. Support for killing someone who has raped a child ranges from 21 percent in Panama (95 percent CI: .19-.23) to 54 percent in Peru (95 percent CI: .51-.57). For most countries, average support hovers between 30 and 40 percent. This suggests that beliefs about the use of lethal violence in a situation where a sex offense was committed against a child are relatively consistent across countries. <ref type="figure" coords="13,40.38,574.58,37.80,9.21">Figure 2</ref> shows more between-country variation in support for killing someone who threatens the community. Support ranges from 9 percent (95 percent CI: .07-.11) in Chile to 39 percent (95 percent CI: .36-.42) in Honduras. Tables 2 and 3 present the odds ratios for support for lethal vigilantism in response to raping a child and frightening the community, respectively. Four models were estimated for each outcome. First, an unconditional "empty" model estimates the mean support for lethal vigilantism and the amount of variation in support across provinces and countries. The second model estimates the effects of a series of social, economic, and demographic control variables. Models 3 and 4 test the key propositions of this article, that is, that subjective and objective conditions of statelessness and punitive attitudes are associated with higher support for lethal vigilantism. Specifically, the third model incorporates all individual-level explanatory variables, including subjective indicators of institutional effectiveness, institutional legitimacy, and punitive attitudes <ref type="figure" coords="14,312.15,510.39,107.45,9.21">(Propositions 1, 2, and 4</ref>). The fourth model estimates the impact of objective conditions of statelessness, that is, province-level homicide rates, on support for lethal vigilantism (Proposition 3). 7 7. Three additional model specifications were estimated: 1) control and punitiveness variables; 2) control, punitiveness, and institutional ineffectiveness variables; and 3) control, punitiveness, and institutional legitimacy variables. With some minor exceptions, the results do not change across specifications. Results for these additional models are available in the online supporting information.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Figure 1. Average Support for Killing Someone Who Has Raped a Son or Daughter, by Country, With 95 Percent Confidence Intervals</head><p>Model 1 in table 2 shows that the average odds of support for killing someone who has raped a child is .514 (p &lt; .001), which corresponds to a mean probability of .339 (.514 / (1 + .514)). The random effects estimates show that support varies significantly across provinces (variance = .191, p &lt; .001) and countries (variance = .106, p &lt; .001). Model 2 shows that individuals who feel their country's economy is doing well, who are more generally trusting, and who have higher social status as measured by educational attainment are significantly less likely to support the use of lethal violence. Most notably, respondents with children were more likely to support vigilante violence against someone who has committed a sexual offense against a child [odds ratio (OR) = 1.422, p &lt; .001].</p><p>Model 3 estimates the effects of perceived institutional ineffectiveness and insecurity on support for lethal vigilantism, independent of controls and punitive attitudes. Subjective perceptions of the likelihood of justice (OR = 1.006, p &gt; .05) and neighborhood gang problems (OR = 1.015, p &gt; .05) have no direct effect on support for lethal vigilantism when perceived legitimacy, punitiveness, and sociodemographics are accounted for. However, an individual's experience of insecurity and ineffectiveness, as measured by personal victimization, plays a significant role in determining support for the use of violent vigilantism. Those who have been victimized in the past 12 months are 1.212 times more likely to support vigilantism.</p><p>Institutional legitimacy variables also contribute significantly to our understanding of support for lethal vigilantism in response to raping a child. Individuals who trust and</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Figure 2. Average Support for Killing Someone Who Threatens the Community, by Country, With 95 Percent Confidence Intervals</head><p>support their country's political and criminal justice institutions are significantly less likely to approve of vigilantism (OR = .901, p &lt; .001). By contrast, citizens who believe that the police are involved in crime (OR = 1.348, p &lt; .001) and who have experienced police corruption (OR = 1.166, p &lt; .001) are more likely to support vigilantism. As expected, individuals who believe that the best way to reduce crime is to increase punishment are 1.662 (p &lt; .001) times more likely to support killing someone who has raped a child. Those who believe authorities should rule with an "iron fist," an indicator of authoritarianism and a proxy for political "claims-making activities" <ref type="bibr" coords="16,273.51,461.01,153.65,9.21;16,44.60,472.96,21.91,9.21" target="#b5">(Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld, 2003)</ref>, are significantly more likely to support the use of extreme forms of punishment, that is, violent vigilantism (OR = 1.365, p &lt; .001). Model 4 shows that objective conditions of statelessness, as measured by aggregate province-level homicide rates, appear to have no direct effect on an individual's support for lethal vigilantism in response to raping a child (OR = .998, p &gt; .05).</p><p>Overall, the reduction in province-level variance from .191 in model 1 to .167 in model 4 suggests that individual and contextual variables together account for 13 percent of the variation in support between provinces <ref type="bibr" coords="16,220.71,556.64,84.90,9.21">((.191 -.167) /.191)</ref>. The reduction in countrylevel variance is relatively larger, from .106 to .070, meaning the explanatory and control variables account for 34 percent of the variation in support for vigilantism between countries ((.106 -.070) /.106).   The "empty" model in <ref type="table" coords="21,149.92,60.51,29.04,9.21" target="#tab_2">table 3</ref> shows that the average odds of support for killing someone who threatens a community is .219 (p &lt; .001), which corresponds to a probability of .180 (.219 / (1 + .219)). However, in contrast to support for vigilantism in response to rape, support for vigilantism in response to community threat is more varied across provinces (variance = .231, p &lt; .001) and countries (variance = .228, p &lt; .001). The estimates for sociodemographic controls in table 3 (model 2) are largely similar to those in table 2 but with some minor differences. Like the first scenario, more generalized trust equates to less support for lethal vigilantism (OR = .866, p &lt; .001), but unlike in table 2, the effect remains significant across models. Economic security is associated with lower support for vigilantism (Model 2: OR = .919, p &lt; .001); however, this effect disappears when institutional characteristics are added to the equation (Model 3: OR = .995, p &gt; .05). These findings suggest that the effects of broader socioeconomic insecurities on support for vigilantism are dependent on situational characteristics and conditions of statelessness.</p><p>Model 3 estimates the effects of key explanatory factors on support for lethal vigilantism. The estimated effect of perceived likelihood of justice is not significantly different from zero (OR = 1.026, p &gt; .05); however, an individual's perceptions of his or her neighborhood's gang problem play a role in determining support for violence against community threat (OR = 1.073, p &lt; .001) when controlling for all other individual-level explanatory and control variables. It makes intuitive sense that people who are exposed to gang problems are more likely to support drastic actions taken to remove the threatening presence in the community. Individuals who consider state political and criminal justice institutions to be trustworthy are less likely (OR = .883, p &lt; .001) to support the use of lethal violence in response to community threat. Those who believe the police are involved in crime (OR = 1.299, p &lt; .001) and who have been solicited for a bribe by a police officer (OR = 1.171, p &lt; .01) are significantly more likely to support lethal vigilantism. Here, too, conventional attitudes toward punishment influence the likelihood that people will support the use of extralegal violence. Model 3 shows that individuals who believe that punishments should increase to reduce crime are 1.697 (p &lt; .001) times more likely to support lethal vigilantism, whereas those who hold favorable attitudes toward mano dura ("iron fist") authoritarian rule are 1.453 (p &lt; .001) times more likely to support lethal vigilantism. The addition of province-level homicide rates as an objective indicator of statelessness in model 4 does not significantly alter the individual-level effects. However, in contrast to model 4 in table 2, high levels of homicide in one's province significantly increase the likelihood that people will support killing someone who has frightened the community (OR = 1.159, p &lt; .01). The random effects parameters in table 3 indicate that individuallevel and province-level variables account for 13 percent of the variation between provinces ((.231 -.200) / .231) and for 47 percent of the variation between countries ((.228 -.121) / .228) in relation to support for killing someone who frightens the community. <ref type="table" coords="21,50.34,538.72,32.43,9.21" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> displays the predicted probabilities and 95 percent confidence intervals for approval of lethal vigilantism according to values of selected explanatory variables. Probabilities are calculated by using fixed effects only and by holding all other predictors at their means. The range of probabilities is modest. For individuals living in areas with homicide rates in the 10th percentile, that is, 4.5 homicides per 100,000 population, the probability of supporting killing someone who frightens the community is approximately 15.6 percent. For individuals living in areas with homicide rates in the 90th percentile, that is, 71.5 per 100,000, the probability of supporting violence is 21.9 percent, which is an increase of 40 percent. However, this is comparable with the size of most other effects in the model. For example, support for killing someone who threatens the community ranges from 16.7 percent among individuals who believe the police protect people from crime to 20.7 percent among individuals who believe the police are involved in crime.</p><p>In other words, perceived police criminality increases the likelihood of supporting violent vigilantism by 24 percent. The probability of supporting violence in the same situation decreases by approximately 48 percent among individuals with the highest levels of trust in formal institutions compared with those with the lowest levels of institutional trust.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ROBUSTNESS CHECKS</head><p>Several robustness checks were performed (full results not shown but available from the author upon request). First, models were run accounting for population weights. Weighted models were estimated by using generalized linear latent and mixed models (GLLAMM; <ref type="bibr" coords="23,98.42,114.30,151.73,9.21" target="#b67">Rabe-Hesketh and Skrondal, 2012)</ref>. Aside from small changes to the coefficients, the substantive results regarding institutional characteristics and punitiveness remain the same for both outcomes. Second, the results might be sensitive to the variables chosen to reflect respective dimensions of statelessness and punitiveness. It is possible that citizens' feelings of safety in their neighborhood better reflect whether they believe the criminal justice system is effective. The AmericasBarometer asks respondents the extent to which they feel safe in their neighborhood, with responses on a 4-point Likerttype scale ranging from "very unsafe" to "very safe." Feelings of safety had no effect on support for vigilantism in either situation, and the substantive results remained. Punitiveness can be measured by using an alternative item, which asks respondents whether they "strongly disagree," "somewhat disagree," "somewhat agree," or "strongly agree" that "the best way to fight crime is to be tougher on criminals." Additional models were run replacing the categorical punitiveness measure with this Likert-type measure, and punitiveness remained a significant indicator of support for killing someone who has raped a child (OR = 1.353, p &lt; .001) and for killing someone who frightens the community (OR = 1.306, p &lt; .001).</p><p>Third, as discussed, nonresponse for Institutional trust can be accounted for by other variables in the models (i.e., Social status). Nevertheless, as a robustness check, values for Institutional trust were imputed by using all other variables in the analysis and the univariate regression-based imputation technique. The full models were estimated by using imputed values for Institutional trust (n = 22,408), and the substantive results remained for both outcomes.</p><p>Finally, province-level homicide rates may simply reflect differences in socioeconomic characteristics at the country level, such as economic development or income inequality <ref type="bibr" coords="23,40.38,401.23,63.56,9.21" target="#b59">(Nivette, 2011)</ref>. To examine this possibility, two further models were run incorporating country-level measures of economic development (measured by GDP per capita from 2011; World Bank, 2015a) and income inequality (measured by the Gini Index from 2011 or nearest year; World Bank, 2015b) into the full model. As a result of the small number of countries, separate models were run for each country-level predictor. A country's level of economic inequality had no direct effect on public support for lethal vigilantism in either situation, nor did the addition of the variable alter the individual-or province-level results. Economic development did not affect support for lethal vigilantism in response to raping a child, but it did have a small negative effect on approval of lethal vigilantism in response to someone threatening the community (OR = .999, p &lt; .05). However, the substantive individual-and province-level results remained. In addition, to check the robustness of the relationship between objective statelessness and support for lethal vigilantism, a model was run replacing province-level homicide rates with country-level rates from 2011 or nearest year (United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, 2013). In line with province-level results, homicide rates had no effect on support for killing someone who has raped a child, whereas respondents in countries with high levels of criminal violence are more likely to support the use of lethal violence against those who threaten the community (OR = 1.329, p &lt; .01).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>Researchers have long asserted that public support for vigilante violence stems from the absence of formal justice institutions. A great deal of cross-cultural qualitative evidence exists to support this claim. However, few studies have statistically assessed the relationship between "statelessness" and public support for vigilantism, and none have done so by using a cross-national, multilevel framework. Following calls from <ref type="bibr" coords="24,44.60,141.34,97.01,9.21">Bruinsma (2012, 2014)</ref>, this article sought to move beyond broad conceptualizations of vigilantism as "taking the law into one's own hands" by using measures that incorporate situational characteristics: killing someone who rapes a son or daughter and killing someone who frightens the community. By drawing from extant literature on vigilantism and self-help, two interrelated dimensions of statelessness were theorized to increase support for vigilantism: institutional ineffectiveness and illegitimacy. When controlling for a wide range of potential confounds, the results show that the most robust predictors of support for lethal vigilantism are indicators of institutional illegitimacy. Indicators of perceived institutional ineffectiveness were inconsistently related to support for vigilantism, with the exception of personal victimization, which increased support for the use of violence in both scenarios by 1.21 times and 1.27 times, respectively. Although objective insecurity (homicide rates) had no effect on support for killing someone who has raped a child, exposure to high homicide rates, both locally and nationwide, significantly increased the likelihood of support for killing someone who frightens the community. Evidence also exists that punitive attitudes, low social status, feelings of economic insecurity, and a lack of generalized trust foster public support for vigilantism.</p><p>These results advance our understanding of violent vigilantism in at least four ways. First, in line with <ref type="bibr" coords="24,122.04,344.58,175.92,9.21" target="#b35">Haas, de Keijser, and Bruinsma's (2014)</ref> findings, levels of public support for vigilantism vary according to situational characteristics. Across countries, support for killing someone who has raped a child was higher (36.3 percent) than support for killing someone who threatens the community (20.8 percent). This suggests that judgments about appropriate vigilante punishments are sensitive to both the crime committed and the actors involved. These findings have methodological and theoretical implications for further research on vigilantism. Methodologically, given the growing evidence that situational factors in part determine the level of support for vigilantism, global questions that ask about "taking the law into one's own hands" should be avoided.</p><p>Theoretically, researchers must consider why certain situations evoke more or less support than others. In this case, why are people more likely to support the use of violence against sex offenders compared with individuals who frighten the community (e.g., gang members, organized crime leaders, and drug traffickers)? One possible answer stems from sociological research on the behavior of law <ref type="bibr" coords="24,232.77,500.00,51.25,9.21">(Black, 1976</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,290.57,500.00,17.92,9.21" target="#b10">(Black, , 1998</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="24,315.05,500.00,55.84,9.21" target="#b19">Cooney, 2009</ref>). According to this perspective, the form, severity, and acceptability of violence used as punishment are determined by the position of actors in social space. In other words, the socioeconomic status of both the victims and offenders and the relationship between the two are necessary for predicting public support for vigilante killings. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="24,372.74,547.82,54.44,9.21;24,44.60,559.78,13.83,9.21">Black (1998: 77)</ref> argued that vengeance is more likely between parties that are socially and economically independent: "People more readily kill those they can do without." Compared with a lone sex offender, gang members or drug traffickers often are more firmly ingrained in community social structures. Criminal groups that control a community by fear and threat of violence sometimes fulfill security roles, as well as provide social services and (illicit) economic opportunities in the absence of the state (Gutiérrez <ref type="bibr" coords="25,309.29,60.68,113.64,9.21" target="#b33">Sanín and Jaramillo, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,40.37,72.63,63.03,9.21" target="#b65">Perlman, 2010)</ref>. In the words of one São Paulo resident describing the arrival of a criminal group (the PCC) in the community (quoted in <ref type="bibr" coords="25,241.33,84.58,71.85,9.21">Willis, 2009: 173)</ref>:</p><p>This place has never been safer in the 18 years that I have lived here. Before, we used to have to hide and not go out at night because of the violence and gun fights. Now, with [the PCC] here . . . things are better than they have ever been. You have to be careful though, always blind, deaf and dumb.</p><p>As a result, residents unwillingly become socially and economically dependent on criminal groups, reducing the likelihood of vengeance <ref type="bibr" coords="25,252.44,180.05,55.67,9.21" target="#b10">(Black, 1998)</ref>.</p><p>Second, in line with a great deal of qualitative research and case studies, in the absence of the state and access to law, support for informal methods of social control increases. These effects are robust across model specification and, with some exceptions, situational characteristics. More specifically, where formal institutions lack legitimacy and fail to provide security, people are more likely to support extralegal means of crime control. These findings add to emergent research on the criminogenic consequences of losing legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="25,40.37,263.75,93.00,9.21">(Jackson et al., 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,137.18,263.75,60.25,9.21" target="#b47">LaFree, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,201.22,263.75,60.78,9.21" target="#b60">Nivette, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,265.81,263.75,112.64,9.21" target="#b61">Nivette and Eisner, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,382.25,263.75,40.68,9.21;25,40.37,275.70,21.91,9.21" target="#b84">Tankebe, 2009)</ref>. Police misconduct and a lack of trust in formal institutions to solve community conflicts leads citizens to reject the state's monopoly of physical force and seek out alternative sources of conflict resolution and social control, including vigilantism <ref type="bibr" coords="25,384.49,299.61,38.46,9.21;25,40.37,311.56,21.90,9.21" target="#b60">(Nivette, 2014)</ref>. Likewise, one can argue that individuals who have been victimized by crime in the past 12 months have personally experienced the state's limitations of protection, and in <ref type="bibr" coords="25,40.37,335.48,155.87,9.21">Rosenbaum and Sederberg's (1978)</ref> terms, these citizens have been "deprived" of security. Results for other measures of ineffectiveness, namely perceived likelihood of justice and community gang problems, were mixed. However, given the conceptual relationship between institutional effectiveness and legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="25,259.75,371.34,69.52,9.21" target="#b85">(Tankebe, 2013)</ref>, as well as the crosssectional design of this study, there is not enough evidence to draw firm conclusions regarding these effects. It is likely that ineffectiveness feeds into citizens' perceptions of institutional legitimacy, which in turn affects support for vigilantism.</p><p>Third, objective insecurity only increases support for vigilantism in certain situations. Support for the use of extralegal violence against sex offenders did not depend on area homicide rates. By drawing from the punitiveness literature, individuals exposed to high levels of violence should support more punitive, and even extralegal, measures of crime control <ref type="bibr" coords="25,74.19,466.99,176.24,9.21" target="#b5">(Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld, 2003)</ref>. However, the situation-specific effects suggest that support for vigilantism is not purely instrumental as it does not always coincide with objective risk. <ref type="bibr" coords="25,154.40,490.89,60.40,9.21" target="#b29">Godoy (2004)</ref> pointed out that lethal vigilantism often is used for punishing minor crimes such as theft (also <ref type="bibr" coords="25,246.37,502.85,49.93,9.21" target="#b95">Vilas, 2001)</ref>. In a survey of 93 lynchings in <ref type="bibr" coords="25,51.49,514.80,166.81,9.21">Ecuador, Castillo Claudett (2000: 214)</ref> reported that 48 percent of lynchings occurred in response to general theft, 32 percent in response to theft of cattle, and only 2 percent (2 cases) in response to murder. Alternatively, some have argued that the risk of victimization, as understood by the public, is constructed by political actors to gain electoral support <ref type="bibr" coords="25,76.22,562.63,175.97,9.21" target="#b5">(Baumer, Messner, and Rosenfeld, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,254.83,562.63,111.93,9.21">Beckett and Sasson, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="25,369.39,562.63,53.55,9.21;25,40.37,574.58,56.60,9.21" target="#b69">Roberts and Hough, 2002)</ref>. Public officials, often reinforced by the media, draw from common fears of the "other" to construct a credible threat to public security <ref type="bibr" coords="25,300.65,586.53,64.98,9.21" target="#b6">(Beckett, 1994)</ref>. Sex offenders in particular have been subject to "othering" by politicians and the media, who typically use what Lynch (2002: 532) described as "a constellation of emotional expressions of disgust, fear of contagion, and pollution avoidance" to implement more punitive policies, such as civil commitment, sex offender registries, and chemical castration. This discourse of dehumanization coupled with the implementation of severe punishments by formal authorities can shape the public's perceived risk of sexual victimization and legitimize the use of both legal and extralegal violence against sex offenders.</p><p>It is important to note that provincial homicide rates broadly reflect residents' risk of violent victimization and, therefore, may not accurately capture an individual's objective risk of sexual victimization. Homicide rates likely reflect the type of victimization risk more relevant for the second scenario, which depicts a situation in which criminal groups (e.g., gangs, organized crime groups, and drug traffickers) hold power over communities and local residents <ref type="bibr" coords="26,147.30,180.05,68.43,9.21" target="#b65">(Perlman, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="26,218.87,180.05,64.05,9.21" target="#b71">Rodgers, 2008)</ref>. In Latin America, a substantial proportion of homicides are gang-related, and conflict over drug trafficking routes and territory can dramatically increase levels of violence against rival groups and residents (United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, 2013). This means that individuals exposed to high levels of provincial homicide also are likely to be exposed to gang or organized crime activity. Homicide rates can therefore be interpreted as the objective risk of exposure to both conventional violence and gang/organized crime activity, which bears directly on an individual's support for vigilante violence against members of criminal groups.</p><p>Fourth, these findings also suggest that support for vigilantism is not just about the function and legitimacy of formal institutions, nor is support simply the outcome of insecurity. Support for vigilantism, and particularly the use of extralegal violence, is in part explained by an individual's broader attitudes toward punishment or punitiveness. Criminologists have previously drawn parallels between legal and extralegal social control, yet research strands on vigilantism and punishment have remained largely independent. This study shows that conventional attitudes toward legal punishment play a significant role in determining support for extralegal punishments. The rich body of research on punitive attitudes can greatly inform our understanding of public support for vigilantism.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE RESEARCH</head><p>This study has several limitations. First, although a wide range of individual-level indicators were used to capture dimensions of insecurity and institutional legitimacy, the measures are nevertheless imperfect operationalizations of complex and interwoven institutional conditions such as effectiveness and legitimacy. In criminology, there is a growing debate on how to measure institutional legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="26,266.47,478.93,129.35,9.21" target="#b12">(Bottoms and Tankebe, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="26,398.92,478.93,28.22,9.21;26,44.60,490.89,80.00,9.21" target="#b22">Eisner and Nivette, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="26,128.10,490.89,67.98,9.21" target="#b85">Tankebe, 2013)</ref> and whether operationalizations should incorporate both subjective and objective measures of key dimensions of legitimacy, that is, legality, fairness, and equality <ref type="bibr" coords="26,138.90,514.80,57.90,9.21" target="#b27">(Gilley, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="26,199.37,514.80,104.07,9.21" target="#b61">Nivette and Eisner, 2013</ref>). This study was not able to incorporate alternative objective measures of institutional weaknesses, such as the number of police per area, conviction rates, the provision of legal services, or the extent of political and police corruption. Furthermore, as a result of the difficulty of comparing crime categories across countries, this study was limited to using homicide rates as an indicator of objective conditions of security. Subnational patterns of criminal violence likely reflect complex constellations of social, political, and economic factors. For example, in Brazil, <ref type="bibr" coords="26,44.60,598.49,91.57,9.21">Hoelscher (2015: 38)</ref> found that municipal-level homicide rates were driven in part by "semi-democratic political-institutional contexts" that "create conditions where violence becomes a viable tactic in solving disputes or gaining advantage in personal or political realms." As such, both homicide rates and support for vigilantism may be a by-product of institutional characteristics that incentivize violence as self-help. Future studies should try to disentangle these effects by incorporating more objective and subjective multidimensional measures of institutional conditions. Second, this study is limited to one wave of the AmericasBarometer, and so it is not possible to establish a causal relationship between institutional weakness and support for vigilantism. Endogeneity concerns persist. For instance, one may argue that individuals who support the use of lethal violence are more likely to put themselves in risky situations, which can lead to higher victimization. Recent research also has suggested that negative perceptions of the law might act as a neutralization technique, meaning that individuals involved in illegal acts may develop negative attitudes toward authorities to justify previous wrongdoing <ref type="bibr" coords="27,316.90,203.97,85.83,9.21" target="#b62">Nivette et al., 2015)</ref>. As such, an important variable missing from this theoretical model is prior engagement in criminal activities. To address these endogeneity issues, researchers should use longitudinal data and between-subjects experimental designs <ref type="bibr" coords="27,277.72,239.83,145.18,9.21;27,40.37,251.79,21.90,9.21" target="#b34">(Haas, de Keijser, and Bruinsma, 2012)</ref>.</p><p>Third, the vignettes used to represent two situations that reflect the use of vigilante violence are limited in that they do not specify key details of the actors involved. Little information is given about the perceived offender, the victims, and the perpetrator of vigilante violence. Research has shown that attitudes toward sentencing and punishment are dependent on the severity of the crime, offender characteristics, and the amount of harm suffered by the victims <ref type="bibr" coords="27,140.98,323.52,81.19,9.21" target="#b63">(Payne et al., 2004)</ref>. Thus, there is likely a certain degree of noise in the outcome variable as respondents mentally impute these characteristics into the scenarios. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="27,228.29,347.43,96.17,9.21">Bruinsma (2012, 2014)</ref>, future studies should incorporate situational effects and offender characteristics into models of vigilantism by using vignettes and experimental design.</p><p>Finally, this study has been concerned with explaining support for vigilantism, and so we cannot draw conclusions about actual engagement in vigilante behaviors. Although evidence exists that support is linked to actual involvement in vigilantism <ref type="bibr" coords="27,374.52,407.21,48.44,9.21;27,40.37,419.16,21.91,9.21" target="#b97">(Weisburd, 1988)</ref>, more generally theoretical and empirical research on involvement in vigilantism is lacking. <ref type="bibr" coords="27,85.17,431.12,147.07,9.21">Rosenbaum and Sederberg (1978)</ref> hypothesized that the intensity and scope of feelings of statelessness combined with the intensity and scope of support for vigilantism significantly increase the likelihood of actual vigilante violence. In addition, the capacity of the state to control extralegal violence and, relatedly, the state's own support for vigilante actions also bear directly on the magnitude of violence. Future research should move beyond models of support for vigilante violence to examine determinants of violent extralegal behaviors.</p><p>Despite these limitations, this study advances vigilantism research beyond individual case studies and toward a criminological model of support for extralegal social control. Support for the use of lethal vigilantism stems from multiple individual, situational, and contextual sources, in particular, (mis)conduct within formal political and criminal justice institutions. Violent vigilantism is not a unique social phenomenon but merely one type of informal control <ref type="bibr" coords="27,113.90,574.58,56.40,9.21" target="#b9">(Black, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,173.05,574.58,156.51,9.21" target="#b44">Jacobs, Carmichael, and Kent, 2005)</ref>. Theories and explanations of public opinion about vigilantism, therefore, require a broader understanding of how individuals form judgments about rightful punishments and punitive crime control measures <ref type="bibr" coords="27,83.27,610.45,72.84,9.21" target="#b97">(Weisburd, 1988)</ref>.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="12,51.58,561.66,375.58,7.82;12,68.52,571.62,358.66,7.82;12,68.52,581.58,358.66,7.82;12,68.52,591.55,358.63,7.82;12,68.52,601.51,358.65,7.82;12,68.52,611.47,332.73,7.82"><head>6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Given that ethnic minorities are more likely to distrust the police<ref type="bibr" coords="12,316.17,561.66,107.26,7.82" target="#b58">(Murphy and Cherney, 2012)</ref>, a measure of ethnicity would be an important control variable. The AmericasBarometer does include a measure of respondent ethnicity; however, it was not possible to include it in the present analysis because of comparability issues across countries.<ref type="bibr" coords="12,281.68,591.55,60.80,7.82" target="#b52">Loveman (2014)</ref> argued that both categorization techniques and what it means to be indigenous or mestizo varies across Latin American countries and time, particularly in relation to the state and the distribution of public goods.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="14,44.60,60.39,382.62,326.70"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics for Variables Included in the Analysis Max = maximum; Min = minimum; SD = standard deviation.</figDesc><table coords="14,44.60,80.97,30.12,7.36">Variable 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="17,98.90,60.14,260.67,557.18"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Three-level Logistic Regression of Support for Killing Someone Who Has Raped a Son orNOTES: Continuous variables are grand mean centered. Models are estimated using maximum likelihood techniques. Individual-level n</figDesc><table coords="17,112.84,60.14,246.73,557.18">Daughter 

Fixed Effects 

Model 1 

Model 2 

Model 3 

Model 4 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

Intercept 

.514  *  *  *  
.437 -.606 

.451  *  *  *  
.339 -.599 

.260  *  *  *  
.196 -.345 

.260  *  *  *  
.196 -.345 

Controls 
Country economy 

.864  *  *  *  
.831 -.898 

.927  *  *  *  
.891 -.965 

.927  *  *  *  
.891 -.965 

Personal economy 

.979 
.937 -1.023 

1.009 
.965 -1.055 

1.009 
.965 -1.055 

Trust 

.921  *  *  *  
.889 -.954 

.972 
.937 -1.008 

.972 
.936 -1.008 

Parenthood 

1.422  *  *  *  
1.309 -1.546 

1.424  *  *  *  
1.309 -1.550 

1.424  *  *  *  
1.309 -1.550 

Urban 

1.133  *  *  
1.048 -1.226 

1.070 
.987 -1.160 

1.070 
.987 -1.160 

Male 

1.230  *  *  *  
1.156 -1.308 

1.198  *  *  *  
1.124 -1.276 

1.198  *  *  *  
1.124 -1.276 

Unemployed 

1.105 
.993 -1.230 

1.080 
.968 -1.204 

1.080 
.968 -1.204 

Age 

.998 
.986 -1.009 

.998 
.987 -1.010 

.998 
.987 -1.010 

Age squared 

1.000 
1.000 -1.000 

1.000 
.999 -1.000 

1.000 
.999 -1.000 

Educational attainment (Ref: 
None/Primary) 

Secondary 

.929 
.858 -1.006 

.960 
.885 -1.041 

.960 
.885 -1.041 

Tertiary 

.747  *  *  *  
.677 -.825 

.797  *  *  *  
.720 -.882 

.797  *  *  *  
.719 -.882 

Attitudes Toward Punishment 
Mano dura attitudes 

1.365  *  *  *  
1.276 -1.461 

1.365  *  *  *  
1.276 -1.461 

Punitiveness (Ref: Preventative measures) 
Increase punishment 

1.662  *  *  *  
1.551 -1.781 

1.662  *  *  *  
1.551 -1.781 

Both 

1.123  *  
1.012 -1.246 

1.123  *  
1.012 -1.246 
(Continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="19,98.90,60.14,260.67,557.18"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Three-level Logistic Regression of Support for Killing Someone Who Has Threatened the</figDesc><table coords="19,112.84,60.14,246.73,557.18">Community 

Fixed Effects 

Model 1 

Model 2 

Model 3 

Model 4 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

Intercept 

.219  *  *  *  
.173 -.276 

.145  *  *  *  
.102 -.207 

.081  *  *  *  
.057 -.116 

.082  *  *  *  
.058 -.116 

Controls 
Country economy 

.919  *  *  *  
.878 -.961 

.995 
.950 -1.043 

.995 
.949 -1.042 

Personal economy 

.990 
.940 -1.042 

1.025 
.973 -1.081 

1.025 
.973 -1.080 

Trust 

.866  *  *  *  
.831 -.903 

.925  *  *  *  
.886 -.965 

.926  *  *  *  
.887 -.966 

Parenthood 

1.056 
.958 -1.165 

1.048 
.948 -1.157 

1.048 
.949 -1.157 

Urban 

1.071 
.977 -1.173 

.981 
.893 -1.078 

.974 
.886 -1.070 

Male 

1.290  *  *  *  
1.199 -1.388 

1.254  *  *  *  
1.163 -1.353 

1.254  *  *  *  
1.163 -1.352 

Unemployed 

1.076 
.950 -1.219 

1.053 
.928 -1.194 

1.052 
.927 -1.194 

Age 

1.017  *  
1.004 -1.031 

1.018  *  *  
1.004 -1.032 

1.018  *  *  
1.005 -1.032 

Age squared 

.999  *  *  
.999 -.999 

.999  *  *  
.999 -.999 

.999  *  *  
.999 -.999 

Educational attainment (Ref: 
None/Primary) 

Secondary 

.880  *  *  
.802 -.965 

.904  *  
.823 -.994 

.906  *  
.824 -.995 

Tertiary 

.689  *  *  *  
.613 -.775 

.732  *  *  *  
.648 -.826 

.736  *  *  *  
.652 -.831 

Attitudes Toward Punishment 
Mano dura attitudes 

1.453  *  *  *  
1.343 -1.571 

1.452  *  *  *  
1.342 -1.571 

Punitiveness (Ref: Preventative measures) 
Increase punishment 

1.697  *  *  *  
1.562 -1.843 

1.702  *  *  *  
1.567 -1.849 

Both 

1.204  *  *  
1.059 -1.370 

1.206  *  *  
1.060 -1.372 
(Continued) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="20,99.89,59.89,267.47,557.42"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Continued</figDesc><table coords="20,120.47,59.89,246.89,557.42">Fixed Effects 

Model 1 

Model 2 

Model 3 

Model 4 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

OR 

CI 

Subjective Conditions of "Statelessness" 
Institutional effectiveness 
Likelihood of justice 

1.026 
.986 -1.067 

1.027 
.988 -1.068 

Gang problem 

1.073  *  *  *  
1.034 -1.115 

1.072  *  *  *  
1.033 -1.114 

Victimization 

1.271  *  *  *  
1.162 -1.389 

1.271  *  *  *  
1.162 -1.390 

Institutional legitimacy 
Institutional trust 

.883  *  *  *  
.854 -.914 

.884  *  *  *  
.854 -.914 

Police criminality (Ref: Police protect 
people from crime) 

Police involved in crime 

1.299  *  *  *  
1.184 -1.425 

1.298  *  *  *  
1.183 -1.424 

Neither/Both 

.981 
.874 -1.101 

.980 
.874 -1.100 

Bribe experiences 

1.171  *  *  
1.050 -1.305 

1.173  *  *  
1.052 -1.307 

Objective Conditions of "Statelessness" 
Province-level homicide rates (logged) 

1.159  *  *  
1.045 -1.287 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Variance 

Random Effects 

Component 

Component 

Component 

Component 

Province-level intercept 

.231  *  *  *  
.171 -.312 

.227  *  *  *  
.167 -.307 

.198  *  *  *  
.143 -.274 

.200  *  *  *  
.144 -.274 

Country-level intercept 

.228  *  *  *  
.109 -.474 

.207  *  *  *  
.099 -.434 

.170  *  *  *  
.080 -.362 

.121  *  *  *  
.053 -.274 

NOTES: Continuous variables are grand mean centered. Models are estimated using maximum likelihood techniques. Individual-level n 

= 19,742. Province-level 

n 
= 323. Country-level n 

= 18. 

ABBREVIATIONS: CI 
= 95 percent confidence interval; OR 

= odds ratios. 

 *  

p 
&lt; .05;  *  *  

p 
&lt; .01;  *  *  *  

p 
&lt; .001. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="22,44.60,60.27,382.58,425.94"><head>Table 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Predicted Probabilities for Support for Lethal Vigilantism</figDesc><table coords="22,44.60,80.85,382.58,405.36">Approve Vigilantism 
Approve Vigilantism (Rape) 
(Community Threat) 

Predicted 
Predicted 
Variable 
Probability 
CI 
Probability 
CI 

"Statelessness" Variables 
Gang problem 
None 
.195 
.166 -.223 
A little 
.206 
.174 -.238 
Somewhat 
.217 
.181 -.254 
A lot 
.230 
.188 -.271 
Victimization 
No 
.334 
.303 -.366 
.177 
.150 -.203 
Yes 
.379 
.342 -.415 
.214 
.182 -.247 
Institutional trust 
Lowest ( = 1) 
.320 
.289 -.352 
.166 
.141 -.191 
Median ( = 4) 
.256 
.222 -.291 
.121 
.097 -.145 
Highest ( = 7) 
.202 
.162 -.241 
.087 
.063 -.110 
Police criminality 
Police protect people from crime 
.314 
.282 -.346 
.167 
.141 -.194 
Police involved in crime 
.381 
.347 -.416 
.207 
.177 -.237 
Neither/Both 
.314 
.280 -.348 
.165 
.138 -.192 
Bribe experiences 
No 
.339 
.308 -.371 
.181 
.154 -.208 
Yes 
.374 
.336 -.413 
.206 
.173 -.239 
Province-level homicide rates (logged) 
10th percentile 
.156 
.127 -.186 
90th percentile 
.219 
.178 -.261 
Other Variables 
Mano dura attitudes 
Problems solved with everyone's 
participation 

.321 
.290 -.352 
.166 
.141 -.192 

Rule with an iron fist 
.392 
.357 -.427 
.225 
.192 -.257 
Punitiveness 
Preventative measures 
.288 
.258 -.318 
.146 
.123 -.169 
Increase punishment 
.402 
.368 -.437 
.225 
.193 -.257 
Both 
.313 
.277 -.348 
.171 
.142 -.200 
Educational attainment 
None/Primary 
.359 
.324 -.394 
.202 
.171 -.232 
Secondary 
.350 
.317 -.382 
.186 
.158 -.214 
Tertiary 
.309 
.276 -.342 
.157 
.131 -.183 

NOTES: Predicted probabilities are calculated by using fixed effects only and holding all other variables at their 
means. Predicted probabilities were not calculated for nonsignificant effects. 
ABBREVIATION: CI = 95 percent confidence interval. 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix A. Description of Variables Used in the Analysis</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Variable Item</head><p>Institutional trust "To what extent do you think that courts in (country) guarantee a fair trial?" "To what extent do you respect the political institutions of (country)?" "To what extent do you think that citizens' basic rights are well protected by the political system of (country)?" "To what extent do you think that one should support the political system of (country)?" "To what extent do you feel proud of living under the political system of (country)?" "To what extent do you trust the justice system "Some people say that the police in this community (town, village) protect people from criminals, while others say that the police are involved in the criminal activity. What do you think?" Bribe experiences "Has a police officer asked you for a bribe in the last twelve months?" Likelihood of justice "If you were a victim of a robbery or assault how much faith do you have that the judicial system would punish the guilty?" Gang problem "To what extent do you think your neighborhood is affected by gangs?" Victimization "Have you been a victim of any type of crime in the past 12 months? That is, have you been a victim of robbery, burglary, assault, fraud, blackmail, extortion, violent threats or any other type of crime in the past 12 months?" Mano dura attitudes "Do you think that our country needs a government with an iron fist, or do you think that problems can be resolved with everyone's participation?" Punitiveness "In your opinion, what should be done to reduce crime in a country like ours . . . ?" Country economy "How would you describe the country's economic situation?" Personal economy "How would you describe your overall economic situation?" Trust "And speaking of the people from around here, would you say that people in this community are very trustworthy, somewhat trustworthy, not very trustworthy or untrustworthy . . . ?" Parenthood "Do you have any children? How many?" Urban</p><p>Coded by interviewer, based on country's definition of urban/rural. </p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.60,81.57,382.57,9.21;28,60.54,93.52,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sungusungu: Village vigilante groups in Tanzania</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ray</forename><surname>Abrahams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">African Affairs</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.60,105.48,382.57,9.21;28,60.54,117.43,25.20,9.21" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ray</forename><surname>Abrahams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Vigilant Citizens: Vigilantism and the State</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, U.K.</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Polity Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,129.38,382.58,9.21;28,60.54,141.34,91.30,9.21" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vigilante homicides in contemporary Ghana</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mensah</forename><surname>Adinkrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Criminal Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="440" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,153.30,382.57,9.21;28,60.54,165.26,355.34,9.21;28,60.54,177.21,59.23,9.21" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Armed vigilante activities in Arizona</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.adl.org/combating-hate/domestic-extremism-terrorism/c/armed-vigilante-activities-in.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Anti-Defamation League</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,189.16,382.55,9.21;28,60.54,201.12,276.48,9.21" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When the Bakassi Boys came to town: Eastern Nigeria confronts vigilantism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Contemporary African Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="267" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,213.08,382.54,9.21;28,60.55,225.03,366.61,9.21;28,60.55,236.99,105.70,9.21" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Explaining spatial variation in support for capital punishment: A multilevel analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Baumer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Steven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Messner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rosenfeld</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="844" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,248.94,382.56,9.21;28,60.55,260.89,172.97,9.21" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Street crime&quot; and drug use in American politics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><surname>Beckett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Problems</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="425" to="472" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Setting the public agenda</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,272.85,382.56,9.21;28,60.55,284.81,210.36,9.21" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Politics of Injustice: Crime and Punishment in America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><surname>Beckett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Theodore</forename><surname>Sasson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,296.76,311.35,9.21;28,44.61,308.72,325.82,9.21" xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Legitimation of Power</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Beetham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York; Black, Donald; London, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Behavior of Law</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,320.67,368.62,9.21" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Crime as social control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Black</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="34" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,332.62,382.56,9.21;28,60.55,344.58,25.20,9.21" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Social Structure of Right and Wrong</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Black</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>San Diego, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,356.54,382.55,9.21;28,60.55,368.50,366.60,9.21;28,60.55,380.45,73.08,9.21" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Legitimacy Puzzle in Latin America: Political Support and Democracy in Eight Nations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Booth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mitchell</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Seligson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,392.40,382.57,9.21;28,60.55,404.36,366.61,9.21;28,60.55,416.32,49.78,9.21" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond procedural justice: A dialogic approach to legitimacy in criminal justice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><surname>Bottoms</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justice</forename><surname>Tankebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Criminal Law &amp; Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,428.27,382.55,9.21;28,60.55,440.23,366.61,9.21;28,60.55,452.18,118.19,9.21" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lynching and post-war complexities in Guatemala</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><surname>Burrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gavin</forename><surname>Weston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Global Vigilantes</title>
		<editor>David Pratten and Atreyee Sen</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Columbia University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,464.13,382.52,9.21;28,60.55,476.09,218.69,9.21" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Introduction: Vigilantism and the policing of everyday life in South Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lars</forename><surname>Buur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steffen</forename><surname>Jensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">African Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,488.05,382.56,9.21;28,60.55,500.00,216.43,9.21" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Democracy and violence in Brazil. Comparative</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Teresa</forename><forename type="middle">P R</forename><surname>Caldeira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Holston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Studies in Society and History</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="691" to="729" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,511.96,382.52,9.21;28,60.55,523.91,264.06,9.21" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">La justicia en tiempos de la ira: Linchamientos populares urbanos en América Latina</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eduardo</forename><surname>Castillo Claudett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="207" to="233" />
			<pubPlace>Ecuador Debate</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,535.86,382.56,9.21;28,60.55,547.82,216.93,9.21" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring sources of punitiveness among German citizens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joshua</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cochran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alex</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Piquero</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crime &amp; Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="544" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,559.78,329.62,9.21" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The decline of elite homicide</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Cooney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="381" to="407" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,571.73,362.32,9.21" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Is Killing Wrong? Charlottesville</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Cooney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>University of Virginia Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="28,44.61,583.69,382.57,9.21;28,60.55,595.64,366.63,9.21;28,60.55,607.60,341.29,9.21" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gang violence worldwide: Context, culture, and country</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Decker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pyrooz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Small Arms Survey</title>
		<editor>Eric G. Berman, Keith Krause, Emile LeBrun, and Glenn McDonald</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, U.K.</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,60.51,382.52,9.21;29,56.31,72.46,337.71,9.21" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">States of exception on the Mexico-U.S. border: Security, &quot;decisions,&quot; and civilian border patrols</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roxanne</forename><surname>Doty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Political Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="150" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,84.41,382.54,9.21;29,56.31,96.37,366.63,9.21;29,56.31,108.32,333.02,9.21" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Does low legitimacy cause crime? A review of the evidence. In Legitimacy and Criminal Justice: An International Exploration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manuel</forename><surname>Eisner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Justice Tankebe and Alison Liebling</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,120.28,382.53,9.21;29,56.31,132.24,198.75,9.21" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Justice in transition: Community restorative justice in Northern Ireland</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anna</forename><surname>Eriksson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Willan Publishing</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cullompton, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,144.19,382.59,9.21;29,56.31,156.15,22.40,9.21" xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://ffp.statesindex.org/rankings-2014" />
		<title level="m">The Fragile States Index</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,168.10,382.54,9.21;29,56.31,180.05,366.65,9.21;29,56.31,192.02,366.63,9.21;29,56.31,203.97,117.24,9.21" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Procedural justice, lost legitimacy, and self-help: Young males&apos; adaptations to perceived unfairness in urban policing tactics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jacinta</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rod</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Brunson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1043986214568841</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice. Epub ahead of print</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,215.92,382.56,9.21;29,56.31,227.88,317.18,9.21" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Data Analysis Using Regression and Multilevel/Hierarchical Models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Gelman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,239.83,382.56,9.21;29,56.31,251.79,118.19,9.21" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Right to Rule: How States Win and Lose Legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Gilley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Columbia University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,263.75,382.58,9.21;29,56.31,275.70,194.56,9.21" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Peasant vigilante committees in Northern Peru</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Gitlitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Telmo</forename><surname>Rojas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Latin American Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,287.65,382.53,9.21;29,56.31,299.61,198.19,9.21" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When &quot;justice&quot; is criminal: Lynchings in contemporary Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Angelina</forename><surname>Godoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Snodgrass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Theory and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="621" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,311.56,382.56,9.21;29,56.31,323.52,136.15,9.21" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In our own hands&quot;: Lynching, justice, and the law in Bolivia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Goldstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Ethnologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="22" to="43" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,335.48,382.53,9.21;29,56.31,347.43,366.61,9.21;29,56.31,359.39,118.19,9.21" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Flexible justice: Neoliberal violence and &quot;self-help&quot; security in Bolivia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Goldstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Global Vigilantes</title>
		<editor>David Pratten and Atreyee Sen</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Columbia University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,371.34,382.56,9.21;29,56.31,383.29,313.87,9.21" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">La mano dura and the violence of civil society in Bolivia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Goldstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gloria</forename><surname>Achá</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><surname>Hinojosa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Theo</forename><surname>Roncken</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,395.26,382.56,9.21;29,56.31,407.21,366.61,9.21;29,56.31,419.16,99.35,9.21" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Crime, (counter-) insurgency and the privatization of security-The case of Medellín, Colombia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gutiérrez</forename><surname>Sanín</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francisco</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ana</forename><forename type="middle">María</forename><surname>Jaramillo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environment and Urbanization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,431.12,382.55,9.21;29,56.31,443.07,364.26,9.21" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public support for vigilantism: An experimental study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicole</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Haas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Jan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>De Keijser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Gerben</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bruinsma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="387" to="413" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,455.03,382.59,9.21;29,56.31,466.99,366.63,9.21;29,56.31,478.94,32.35,9.21" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public support for vigilantism, confidence in police and police responsiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicole</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Haas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Jan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>De Keijser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Gerben</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bruinsma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Policing &amp; Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="224" to="265" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,490.89,382.54,9.21;29,56.31,502.85,366.61,9.21;29,56.31,514.80,81.62,9.21" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mafias in Africa: The rise of drinking companies and vigilante groups in Bugisu District</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Suzette</forename><surname>Heald</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the International African Institute</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="446" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,526.76,382.54,9.21;29,56.31,538.72,249.95,9.21" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Informal institutions and comparative politics: A research agenda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gretchen</forename><surname>Helmke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>Levitsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="725" to="765" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,550.67,382.53,9.21;29,56.31,562.63,242.16,9.21" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Politics and social violence in developing democracies: Theory and evidence from Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristian</forename><surname>Hoelscher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Geography</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,574.58,382.57,9.21;29,56.31,586.53,269.81,9.21" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Right on crime? Conservative party politics and mano dura policies in El Salvador</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alisha</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Holland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Latin American Research Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="29,40.37,598.50,382.55,9.21;29,56.31,610.45,174.62,9.21" xml:id="b40">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Vigilantism and the State in Modern Latin America: Essays on Extralegal Violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martha</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Huggins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Praeger</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,60.51,382.56,9.21;30,60.54,72.46,44.80,9.21" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mano dura: El Salvador responds to gangs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mo</forename><surname>Hume</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Development in Practice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="739" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,84.41,382.56,9.21;30,60.54,96.37,366.63,9.21;30,60.54,108.32,79.40,9.21" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Violence research in Latin America and the Caribbean: A literature review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Imbusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michel</forename><surname>Misse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fernando</forename><surname>Carrión</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Conflict and Violence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="154" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,120.28,382.56,9.21;30,60.54,132.24,366.62,9.21;30,60.54,144.19,183.77,9.21" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Monopolizing force? Police legitimacy and public attitudes toward the acceptability of violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Aziz</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Huq</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ben</forename><surname>Bradford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tyler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Public Policy and Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Psychology</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,156.15,382.55,9.21;30,60.54,168.10,326.54,9.21" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vigilantism, current racial threat, and death sentences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Jacobs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Carmichael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephanie</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kent</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="656" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,180.05,363.95,9.21" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What is vigilantism?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Les</forename><surname>Johnston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="220" to="236" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,192.02,382.57,9.21;30,60.54,203.97,323.54,9.21" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Group threat and social control: Race, perceptions of minorities and the desire to punish</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ryan</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Darren</forename><surname>Wheelock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1255" to="1280" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,215.92,382.58,9.21;30,60.54,227.88,184.59,9.21" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Losing Legitimacy: Street Crime and the Decline of Social Institutions in America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>Lafree</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Westview Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,239.83,382.57,9.21;30,60.54,251.79,131.18,9.21" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.LapopSurveys.org" />
		<title level="m">Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP). 2015a. The AmericasBarometer</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,263.75,382.58,9.21;30,60.54,275.70,353.97,9.21" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">AmericasBarometer Sample Design and Design Effects</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.vanderbilt.edu/lapop/core-surveys.php" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,287.65,382.58,9.21;30,60.54,299.61,285.35,9.21" xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Latin American Public Opinion Project (LAPOP)</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.vanderbilt.edu/lapop/core-surveys.php" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>AmericasBarometer Core Questionnaire</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,311.56,382.57,9.21;30,60.54,323.52,361.75,9.21;30,44.60,335.48,382.53,9.21;30,60.54,347.43,366.62,9.21;30,60.54,359.39,32.35,9.21" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Loader, Ian. 1997. Private security and the demand for protection in contemporary Britain</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.vanderbilt.edu/lapop/core-surveys.php" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">An International Journal of Research and Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Policing and Society</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,371.34,382.56,9.21;30,60.54,383.29,186.81,9.21" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">National Colors: Racial Classification and the State in Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mara</forename><surname>Loveman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,395.26,382.58,9.21;30,60.54,407.21,366.61,9.21;30,60.54,419.16,189.85,9.21" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pedophiles and cyber-predators as contaminating forces: The language of disgust, pollution, and boundary invasions in federal debates on sex offender legislation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mona</forename><surname>Lynch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Social Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="529" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.60,431.12,382.59,9.21;30,60.54,443.07,239.95,9.21" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Maximizing the availability of crossnational data on homicide</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ineke</forename><surname>Marshall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carolyn</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Haen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Block</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Homicide Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="310" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,455.03,382.55,9.21;30,60.54,466.99,146.68,9.21" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Editorial: Cultural analysis and social change in Medellín</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mattaini</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior and Social Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="5" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,478.94,382.57,9.21;30,60.54,490.89,366.62,9.21;30,60.54,502.85,78.28,9.21" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Distrust of government, the vigilante tradition, and support for capital punishment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Messner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Eric</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Baumer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Rosenfeld</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="559" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,514.80,382.54,9.21;30,60.54,526.76,366.63,9.21;30,60.54,538.72,99.62,9.21" xml:id="b57">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Independent evaluation, democracy surveys in Central America, Mexico and Colombia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><surname>Mishler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Bratton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>U.S. Agency for International Development</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,550.67,382.54,9.21;30,60.54,562.63,260.15,9.21" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding cooperation with police in a diverse society</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristina</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrian</forename><surname>Cherney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="181" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,574.58,382.56,9.21;30,60.54,586.53,77.75,9.21" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross national predictors of crime: A meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Homicide Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="134" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="30,44.61,598.50,382.58,9.21;30,60.54,610.45,287.28,9.21;31,205.77,33.98,51.75,10.13" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Legitimacy and crime: Theorizing the role of the state in crossnational criminological theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Theoretical Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>NIVETTE</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.37,60.51,382.58,9.21;31,56.31,72.46,224.78,9.21" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do legitimate polities have fewer homicides? A cross-national analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manuel</forename><surname>Eisner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Homicide Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,84.41,382.56,9.21;31,56.31,96.37,366.63,9.21;31,56.31,108.32,77.74,9.21" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social and developmental antecedents of legal cynicism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nivette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manuel</forename><surname>Eisner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tina</forename><surname>Malti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Denis</forename><surname>Ribeaud</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Crime &amp; Delinquency</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="270" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,120.28,382.56,9.21;31,56.31,132.24,366.62,9.21;31,56.31,144.19,167.69,9.21" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What drives punitive beliefs? Demographic characteristics and justifications for sentencing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Payne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Randy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ruth</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gainey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mona</forename><forename type="middle">J E</forename><surname>Triplett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Danner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Criminal Justice</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="206" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,156.15,382.60,9.21;31,56.32,168.10,141.39,9.21" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perverse state formation and securitized democracy in Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jenny</forename><surname>Pearce</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Democratization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="286" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,180.05,301.38,9.21" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Janice</forename><surname>Perlman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Favela</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,192.02,382.54,9.21;31,56.32,203.97,366.62,9.21;31,56.32,215.92,66.67,9.21" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring relations among forms of social control: The lynching and execution of blacks in North Carolina</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="361" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,227.88,382.56,9.21;31,56.32,239.83,366.62,9.21;31,56.32,251.79,125.38,9.21" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multilevel and Longitudinal Modeling Using Stata</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sophia</forename><surname>Rabe-Hesketh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anders</forename><surname>Skrondal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Categorical Responses, Counts, and Survival</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>TX</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Stata Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">II</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd ed. College Station</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,263.75,382.55,9.21;31,56.31,275.70,49.78,9.21" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Changing attitudes toward capital punishment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Rankin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="211" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,287.65,382.53,9.21;31,56.31,299.61,366.62,9.21;31,56.31,311.56,243.02,9.21" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public attitudes to punishment: The context</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julian</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mike</forename><surname>Hough</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Changing Attitudes to Punishment: Public Opinion, Crime and Justice</title>
		<editor>Julian V. Roberts and Mike Hough</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cullompton, U.K.</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Willan</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,323.52,382.54,9.21;31,56.31,335.48,76.64,9.21" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Collective violence as social control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roberta</forename><surname>Roche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">La</forename><surname>Senechal De</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociological Forum</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="128" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.37,347.43,382.56,9.21;31,56.31,359.39,366.61,9.21;31,56.31,371.34,145.89,9.21" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When vigilantes turn bad: Gangs, violence, and social change in urban Nicaragua</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dennis</forename><surname>Rodgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Global Vigilantes</title>
		<editor>David Pratten and Atreyee Sen</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Columbia University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.37,383.29,194.76,9.21;31,235.11,381.74,5.03,6.44;31,244.23,383.29,178.70,9.21;31,56.31,395.25,366.60,9.21" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Slum wars of the 21 st century: Gangs, mano dura and the new urban geography of conflict in Central America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dennis</forename><surname>Rodgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Development and Change</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="949" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,407.20,382.54,9.21;31,56.32,419.16,366.60,9.21;31,56.32,431.12,203.19,9.21" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vigilantism: An analysis of establishment violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Rosenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Jon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sederberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Vigilante Politics</title>
		<editor>H. Jon Rosenbaum and Peter C. Sederberg. Philadelphia</editor>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Pennsylvania Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,443.07,382.54,9.21;31,56.32,455.02,366.62,9.21;31,56.32,466.98,181.84,9.21" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The failure and collapse of nation-states: Breakdown, prevention, and repair</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Rotberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">When States Fail: Causes and Consequences</title>
		<editor>Robert I. Rotberg</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Princeton, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,478.94,382.52,9.21;31,56.32,490.89,302.51,9.21" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Challenging the weak states hypothesis: Vigilantism in South Africa and Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Moritz</forename><surname>Schuberth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace, Conflict &amp; Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,502.85,382.55,9.21;31,56.32,514.80,73.87,9.21" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The FARC and democracy in Colombia in the 1990s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philippe</forename><surname>Serres</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Democratization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="218" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,526.75,382.60,9.21;31,56.32,538.71,272.89,9.21" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement of socioeconomic status in health disparities research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vickie</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Shavers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the National Medical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1013" to="1036" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,550.67,382.55,9.21;31,56.32,562.63,132.54,9.21" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Drug violence in Mexico: Data and analysis from</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Shirk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Organized Crime</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="167" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,574.58,382.54,9.21;31,56.32,586.53,223.65,9.21" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Bakassi Boys: Vigilantism, violence, and political imagination in Nigeria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jordan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cultural Anthropology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="429" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="31,40.38,598.49,382.57,9.21;31,56.31,610.44,303.36,9.21" xml:id="b80">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multilevel Analysis: An Introduction to Basic and Advanced Multilevel Modeling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><forename type="middle">A B</forename><surname>Snijders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bosker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,60.51,382.57,9.21;32,60.54,72.46,348.95,9.21;32,60.54,84.41,100.45,9.21" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-files/groups/american-border-patrol/american-patrol" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Southern Poverty Law Center. n.d. American Border Patrol/American Patrol</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,96.37,382.54,9.21;32,60.54,108.32,159.93,9.21" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Crime volume and law and order culture</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>Stack</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Liqun</forename><surname>Cao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><surname>Adamzyck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Justice Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="308" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,120.28,382.57,9.21" xml:id="b83">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">StataCorp. 2013. Stata Statistical Software: Release 13. College Station, TX: StataCorp LP</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,132.24,382.55,9.21;32,60.54,144.19,229.68,9.21" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-help, policing, and procedural justice: Ghanaian vigilantism and the rule of law</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justice</forename><surname>Tankebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Law &amp; Society Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="245" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,156.15,382.53,9.21;32,60.54,168.10,190.67,9.21" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viewing things differently: The dimensions of public perceptions of police legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Justice</forename><surname>Tankebe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="138" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,180.05,382.57,9.21;32,60.54,192.01,366.60,9.21;32,60.54,203.97,116.75,9.21" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Special Eurobarometer 397: Corruption. Brussels</title>
		<ptr target="http://ec.europa.eu/publicopinion/archives/ebspecial399380en.htm" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">TNS Opinion &amp; Social</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>European Commission</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,215.92,382.55,9.21;32,60.54,227.88,256.87,9.21" xml:id="b87">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A Festival of Violence: An Analysis of Southern Lynchings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stewart</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Tolnay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Beck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>University of Illinois Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1882" to="1930" />
			<pubPlace>Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.60,239.83,382.56,9.21;32,60.54,251.78,171.85,9.21" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Legitimacy and criminal justice: The benefits of self-regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><surname>Tyler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ohio State Journal of Criminal Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="307" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,263.74,382.56,9.21;32,60.55,275.70,366.63,9.21;32,60.55,287.65,366.65,9.21;32,60.55,299.61,54.24,9.21" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">La mano dura. Current dilemmas in Latin American police reform</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Ungar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Criminality, Public Security, and the Challenge to Democracy in Latin America</title>
		<editor>Marcelo Bergman and Laurence Whitehead</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Notre Dame, IN</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Notre Dame Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,311.56,382.56,9.21;32,60.55,323.51,204.49,9.21" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The rot within: Security and corruption in Latin America. Social Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Ungar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">An International Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1187" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,335.48,382.55,9.21;32,60.55,347.43,263.27,9.21" xml:id="b91">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Global Study on Homicide: Trends, Contexts, Data</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>United Nations Publication</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Vienna, Austria</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,359.39,382.57,9.21;32,60.55,371.34,269.51,9.21" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The racial divide in support for the death penalty: Does white racism matter?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Unnever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1281" to="301" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,383.29,382.56,9.21;32,60.55,395.25,290.08,9.21" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social sources of Americans&apos; punitiveness: A test of three competing models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Unnever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francis</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="99" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,407.21,382.53,9.21;32,60.55,419.16,366.62,9.21;32,60.55,431.12,366.60,9.21;32,60.55,443.07,112.67,9.21" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dispensing justice at the margins of formality: The informal rule of law in Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donna</forename><surname>Van Cott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Informal Institutions &amp; Democracy: Lessons from Latin America</title>
		<editor>Gretchen Helmke and Steven Levitsky</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Baltimore, MD</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Johns Hopkins University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,455.02,382.54,9.21;32,60.55,466.98,366.62,9.21;32,60.55,478.94,92.15,9.21" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In)justicia por mano propia: Linchamientos en el México contemporáneo (Taking the law into one&apos;s hands: Lynchings in Mexico</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carlos</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Vilas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Revista Mexicana de Sociología</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,490.89,382.54,9.21;32,60.55,502.85,140.58,9.21" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is there a culture of violence in Colombia?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Waldmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Conflict and Violence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,514.80,382.58,9.21;32,60.55,526.75,312.75,9.21" xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vigilantism as community social control: Developing a quantitative criminological model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Weisburd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Quantitative Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,538.72,382.56,9.21;32,60.55,550.67,366.63,9.21;32,60.55,562.63,366.62,9.21;32,60.55,574.58,218.07,9.21" xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Youth violencecrime or self-help? Marginalized urban males&apos; perspectives on the limited efficacy of the criminal justice system to stop youth violence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deanna</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Wilkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Chauncey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Regina</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Beaty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lurry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The ANNALS of the American Academy of Political and Social Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">623</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="32,44.61,586.53,382.57,9.21;32,60.55,598.49,366.60,9.21;33,56.31,60.51,366.63,9.21;33,56.31,72.46,67.80,9.21" xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deadly symbiosis? The PCC, the State, and the institutionalization of violence in São Paulo, Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Graham</forename><surname>Willis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Denyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Youth Violence in Latin America: Gangs and Juvenile Justice in Perspective</title>
		<editor>Gareth A. Jones and Dennis Rodgers</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Palgrave</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="33,40.37,84.41,382.57,9.21;33,56.31,96.37,132.86,9.21" xml:id="b100">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">GDP per capita (current US$)</title>
		<ptr target="http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>World Bank</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="33,40.37,108.32,382.55,9.21;33,56.31,120.28,104.35,9.21" xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">World Bank</title>
		<ptr target="http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SI.POV.GINI" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">GINI Index</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="33,40.37,132.24,382.56,9.21;33,56.31,144.19,93.84,9.21" xml:id="b102">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Contradictions of Capital Punishment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Franklin</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Zimring</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford, U.K.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="33,50.34,180.25,372.63,9.21;33,40.37,192.20,382.58,9.21;33,40.37,204.17,382.53,9.21;33,40.37,216.12,52.28,9.21" xml:id="b103">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Nivette is an assistant professor of sociology at Utrecht University in the Netherlands. Her current research interests include the macro-social, comparative study of violence, the determinants and effects of state legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>and research on extralegal governance</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
