<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Exploring Pain Processing Differences in Native Americans</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shreela</forename><surname>Palit</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kara</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kerr</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bethany</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kuhn</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ellen</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Terry</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Delventura</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emily</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bartley</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joanna</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Shadlow</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jamie</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Tulsa</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Tulsa</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Tulsa</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>74104</postCode>
									<settlement>Tulsa</settlement>
									<region>OK</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Exploring Pain Processing Differences in Native Americans</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0031057</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:12+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>ethnic differences</term>
					<term>pain sensitivity</term>
					<term>pain modulation</term>
					<term>nociception</term>
					<term>central sensitization</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Objective: Several chronic pain conditions are more prevalent in Native Americans than in any other group in the United States; however, little has been done to identify factors contributing to this disparity. The study presented here was designed to examine whether there were pain processing differences in Native Americans relative to non-Hispanic White controls. Methods: Participants were healthy, pain-free Native Americans (n ϭ 22, 8 females) and non-Hispanic Whites (n ϭ 20, 7 females). Pain processing was assessed from electric pain threshold/tolerance, ischemia pain threshold/tolerance, nociceptive flexion reflex threshold (NFR; an electrophysiological measure of spinal nociception), pain ratings of suprathreshold electric stimuli, and temporal summation of pain and NFR (an electrophysiological measure of spinal cord sensitization). The institutional review board approved all procedures. Results: Compared to non-Hispanic Whites, Native Americans had dampened pain perception (higher ischemia pain tolerance, higher electric pain threshold, lower ratings of electric stimuli). Additionally, temporal summation of NFR was reduced in Native Americans, suggesting sensitization was reduced at the spinal level. Conclusions: Findings suggest Native Americans have dampened pain and pain signaling, perhaps due to overactivation of descending pain inhibition mechanisms. Given research indicating that other ethnic groups at risk for chronic pain (e.g., African Americans) show enhanced pain and enhanced central sensitization on experimental pain measures, chronic pain risk could be different for Native Americans, thus emphasizing the need for different treatment interventions.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>pain inhibition (disinhibition). These amplification processes may even contribute to the initiation and/or maintenance of chronic pain. Indeed, human studies suggest that chronic pain (e.g., fibromyalgia) is associated with heightened CNS reactivity (central sensitization) to painful input <ref type="bibr" coords="2,156.92,121.04,103.16,7.91" target="#b46">(Price, Long, &amp; Huitt, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,262.56,121.04,25.50,7.91;2,48.00,132.04,75.50,7.91" target="#b56">Sarlani &amp; Greenspan, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,127.14,132.04,160.90,7.91;2,48.00,143.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b57">Staud, Vierck, Cannon, Mauderli, &amp; Price, 2001)</ref>, and both animal and human studies suggest that disrupted descending modulatory mechanisms can promote chronic pain (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,70.06,165.04,138.04,7.91" target="#b42">Neugebauer, Li, Bird, &amp; Han, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,211.91,165.04,76.11,7.91;2,48.00,176.04,54.84,7.91" target="#b44">Porreca, Ossipov, &amp; Gebhart, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,105.94,176.04,80.55,7.91" target="#b48">Ren &amp; Dubner, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.59,176.04,98.44,7.91;2,48.00,187.04,92.33,7.91" target="#b68">Zambreanu, Wise, Brooks, Iannetti, &amp; Tracey, 2005)</ref>.</p><p>The factors that contribute to pain disparities in Native Americans are likely to be manifold (e.g., genetic, physiological, cultural, behavioral), but studying reactions to experimental pain in this group may identify pain processing differences that contribute to pain disparities. To date, no published study has assessed experimental pain in Native Americans, but experimental techniques have been used to study pain in other ethnic groups.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pain Processing Differences in Other Ethnic Groups</head><p>Experimental studies of pain processing have consistently found that, compared with non-Hispanic Whites, pain is enhanced (e.g., lower pain tolerance, higher ratings of pain) in otherwise healthy, pain-free African Americans and Hispanics (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,234.36,338.04,49.36,7.91;2,48.00,349.04,93.96,7.91" target="#b7">Campbell, Edwards, &amp; Fillingim, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,144.28,349.04,143.77,7.91;2,48.00,360.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b19">Edwards, Doleys, Fillingim, &amp; Lowery, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,73.94,360.04,181.66,7.91" target="#b39">Mechlin, Heymen, Edwards, &amp; Girdler, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,261.03,360.04,27.00,7.91;2,48.00,371.04,79.65,7.91" target="#b47">Rahim-Williams et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.53,371.04,157.52,7.91;2,48.00,382.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b66">Woodrow, Friedman, Siegelaub, &amp; Collen, 1972)</ref>. These group differences do not appear to be due to an increased willingness to report pain because African Americans tend to have lower NFR thresholds-a physiological measure of spinal nociception (pain signaling) <ref type="bibr" coords="2,177.65,415.04,88.01,7.91" target="#b9">(Campbell et al., 2008b)</ref>. Further, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,68.21,426.04,81.12,7.91" target="#b39">Mechlin et al. (2011)</ref> examined the degree of spinal cord sensitization in African Americans using a technique called temporal summation of pain (TS-pain) and found greater sensitization (enhanced CNS hyper-reactivity) than non-Hispanic Whites. Thus, these minority groups have enhanced pain, perhaps because of enhanced central sensitization.</p><p>Although the experience of experimental pain can be quite different than the experience of clinical pain, the two are correlated <ref type="bibr" coords="2,48.00,514.04,135.47,7.91" target="#b2">(Arendt-Nielsen &amp; Yarnitsky, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,187.39,514.04,81.23,7.91" target="#b19">Edwards et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,272.53,514.04,12.41,7.91;2,48.00,525.04,201.48,7.91" target="#b23">Fillingim, Maixner, Kincaid, Sigurdsson, &amp; Harris, 1996)</ref>. It is important to note that prospective studies have shown that responses to experimental pain can predict future clinical pain. For example, higher experimental pain sensitivity assessed before surgery predicted increased postoperative pain after caesarean section <ref type="bibr" coords="2,526.60,99.04,15.58,7.91;2,306.00,110.04,203.82,7.91" target="#b24">(Granot, Lowenstein, Yarnitsky, Tamir, &amp; Zimmer, 2003)</ref>, anterior cruciate ligament repair <ref type="bibr" coords="2,400.14,121.04,124.64,7.91" target="#b64">(Werner, Duun, &amp; Kehlet, 2004)</ref>, and cholecystectomy <ref type="bibr" coords="2,373.11,132.04,172.94,7.91;2,306.00,143.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b5">(Bisgaard, Klarskov, Rosenberg, &amp; Kehlet, 2001)</ref>. Thus, the enhanced pain sensitivity noted in African Americans and Hispanics may place them at risk for future development of chronic pain. Indeed, these minority groups have a higher prevalence of clinical pain syndromes than non-Hispanic Whites <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.00,187.04,64.71,7.91">(USDHHS, 2010)</ref>. This relationship between experimental pain sensitivity and chronic pain risk may also be true of Native Americans.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Study Presented Here</head><p>The study presented here assessed experimental pain in Native Americans and non-Hispanic Whites to identify factors that might contribute to chronic pain risk in Native Americans. Given the relationship between enhanced experimental pain and central sensitization and chronic pain risk in other minority groups, we hypothesized that Native Americans would have enhanced pain sensitivity (e.g., lower pain thresholds/tolerances) and central sensitization (enhanced TS-pain) compared with non-Hispanic Whites. To ensure that any observed group differences were not solely due to differences in pain reporting, we also assessed physiologic outcomes (NFR threshold, temporal summation of NFR). Finally, we assessed pain coping styles to determine whether group differences in pain were associated with these variables.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participants</head><p>Participants were healthy, pain-free Native Americans (n ϭ 22, 8 females) and non-Hispanic Whites (n ϭ 20, 7 females) recruited via fliers, newspaper ads, and online postings (e.g., Craigslist) from the Tulsa, OK, community (see <ref type="table" coords="2,447.01,492.04,27.00,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>). As with most all studies of ethnicity/race and pain (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,460.11,503.04,85.94,7.91" target="#b7">Campbell et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.00,514.04,79.64,7.91" target="#b19">Edwards et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,389.02,514.04,157.02,7.91;2,306.00,525.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b27">Klatzkin, Mechlin, Bunevicius, &amp; Girdler, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,329.81,525.04,77.93,7.91" target="#b39">Mechlin et al., 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,411.05,525.04,106.81,7.91" target="#b47">Rahim-Williams et al., 2007)</ref>, group status was based on self-reported racial/ethnic identity. However, This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>Native American participants were also asked to provide their Certificate of Degree of Indian Blood (CDIB) card, which indicates their degree of Native American heredity (i.e., blood quantum) and tribal affiliation. Most (91%, n ϭ 20) provided their CDIB card, and the other two self-reported their tribal affiliation and blood quantum. Blood quantum ranged from 5% (3 of 64) to 100% (4 of 4), M ϭ 49%, mode ϭ 100%. All Native American participants reported having at least one Native American parent and 59% (n ϭ 13) reported having two. One White participant reported having one non-Hispanic White parent, but the rest (95%) reported having two. Most Native American participants reported multiple tribal affiliations, with the most common affiliations being Cherokee (23.8%), Creek (16.7%), and Choctaw (9.5%). All participants provided verbal and written informed consent. Participants were excluded for being less than 18 years of age; selfreported health problems, including a history of cardiovascular, neurological, and/or circulatory problems; hypertension; chronic pain; reported recent use of medications that could interfere with testing (e.g., over-the-counter or prescription analgesics, antidepressants, anxiolytics, and/or antihypertensives); or having a body mass index (BMI) greater than 35 (due to difficulty obtaining an NFR for persons with high adiposity). Participants received a $50 honorarium upon completion of the study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Apparatus, Electrode Application, and Signal Acquisition</head><p>All testing procedures were completed in an electrically shielded and sound-attenuated experiment room. Experimenters monitored participants from an adjacent room via a video camera with a microphone that was connected to an LCD television. Participants wore sound-attenuating headphones, and experimenters communicated with participants using a microphone connected to a 40-W audio amplifier (Radio Shack, Fort Worth, TX; Part #32-2054). Data acquisition was controlled by a computer with dual monitor capacity, A/D board (PCI-6071E; National Instruments, Austin, TX), and LabVIEW software (National Instruments). Participants used one computer monitor to complete electronic questionnaires and to make pain ratings whereas experimenters used a second monitor to observe physiological signals. A Digitimer stimulator (DS7, Hertfordshire, England) and bipolar stimulating electrode (Nicolet, 019 -401400, Madison, WI) were used to deliver electrical stimuli to the left ankle over the retromalleolar pathway of the sural nerve. Stimulation timing was controlled by computer (maximum stimulation intensity ϭ 50 mA).</p><p>To apply electromyographic (EMG) and stimulating electrodes, the skin was first cleaned with alcohol and exfoliated using Nuprep gel (Weaver and Company, Aurora, CO) until impedances below 5 k⍀ were achieved. Electrodes were filled with conductive gel (EC60; Grass Technologies) and then applied to the skin using adhesive collars. To assess NFR, two electrodes were placed over the ipsilateral biceps femoris muscle, 10 cm superior to the popliteal fossa, and a common reference electrode was placed over the lateral epicondyle of the femur. EMG was sampled at 1000 Hz, amplified (ϫ10,000), and bandpass filtered (10 -300 Hz) using Grass Technologies (West Warwick, RI) model 15LT amplifiers.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Background Variables</head><p>BMI was calculated using each participant's height and weight as measured by a medical scale. Resting blood pressure was recorded using a Critikon Dinamap PRO 100 Monitor (Tampa, FL) four times before experimental testing began. The Symptom Checklist-90-Revised (SCL-90 -R) was used to measure psychological distress. The SCL-90 -R is a reliable and valid questionnaire that consists of a list of 90 items asking about psychological problems. Respondents rated these items using a 5-point Likert scale (0 ϭ not at all, 4 ϭ extremely). The Global Severity Index (GSI) of the SCL-90 -R was used to measure overall psychological distress <ref type="bibr" coords="3,335.26,205.04,58.70,7.91">(Derogatis, 1983</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,400.27,205.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b13">(Derogatis, , 1994</ref>. The general health scale from the Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36) was used to measure quality of life. This is a 5-item reliable and valid scale that measures the person's general perception of their health (McHorney, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,509.46,238.04,36.59,7.91;3,306.00,249.04,78.20,7.91" target="#b36">Ware, Lu, &amp; Sherbourne, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,387.68,249.04,100.04,7.91" target="#b63">Ware &amp; Sherbourne, 1992)</ref>. Higher scores reflect an individual's belief that his or her health is excellent.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pain Coping</head><p>The Coping Strategies Questionnaire (CSQ) was administered to assess individual differences in pain coping styles. The CSQ is a reliable and valid 50-item questionnaire <ref type="bibr" coords="3,467.25,322.54,78.82,7.91;3,306.00,333.54,16.80,7.91" target="#b54">(Rosenstiel &amp; Keefe, 1983</ref>) that measures six cognitive pain coping strategies (diverting attention, reinterpreting pain sensations, coping self-statements, ignoring pain sensations, praying or hoping, catastrophizing) and two behavioral pain coping strategies (increasing behavioral activities, increasing pain behavior). Each subscale comprised six items and participants responded on a 7-point Likert-type scale (0 ϭ never do that, 6 ϭ always do that).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pain Outcomes</head><p>Ratings of Painful Stimuli. To assess pain intensity in response to ischemia and electric pain stimuli, participants used a computer-presented numerical rating scale (NRS) similar to that used in prior studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,403.46,473.04,142.57,7.91;3,306.00,484.04,51.23,7.91" target="#b52">Rhudy, Williams, McCabe, Nguyen, &amp; Rambo, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,359.72,484.04,64.31,7.91" target="#b58">Terry et al., 2011)</ref>. The NRS ranged from 0 to 100, with the following labels: 0 (no pain), 50 (painful), and 100 (most intense pain imaginable). Participants used a computer mouse to slide an indicator along the scale to make ratings.</p><p>Ischemia Pain Assessment. The ischemia pain task emulates musculoskeletal pain. During this task, participants completed a set of hand exercises for 2 min at 50% of their maximum grip strength (as determined at the beginning of the study using a dynamometer) using the nondominant hand. The arm was then elevated for 15 s to allow blood to drain from the arm. Next, forearm blood flow was occluded by inflating a blood pressure cuff to 220 mm/Hg around the upper arm. While the cuff was inflated, participants were instructed to continuously rate pain intensity using the NRS described previously. Ischemia pain threshold was defined as the time (in seconds) from blood occlusion to the point at which the participant reported an NRS rating of 50 or greater. Ischemia pain tolerance was defined as the time (in seconds) until the individual reported it was the maximum pain he or she could tolerate (NRS rating ϭ 100). Maximum time was set at 25 min to ensure participant safety.</p><p>NFR Threshold Assessment. The NFR is a spinally mediated protective reflex primarily elicited by A␦ pain fiber activation (see This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. <ref type="figure" coords="4,48.00,77.04,31.37,7.91">Figure 1</ref>; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,87.23,77.04,80.47,7.91" target="#b55">Sandrini et al., 2005)</ref>. The stimulation intensity that reliably elicits the NFR (i.e., NFR threshold) correlates highly with pain threshold (e.g., r ϭ .70; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,161.53,99.04,48.21,7.91" target="#b65">Willer, 1977)</ref>, and the size of the reflex correlates with subjective pain intensity (e.g., r ϭ .84; <ref type="bibr" coords="4,269.05,110.04,19.00,7.91;4,48.00,121.04,64.43,7.91" target="#b10">Chan &amp; Dallaire, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,115.28,121.04,69.41,7.91" target="#b52">Rhudy et al., 2005)</ref>. Therefore, NFR is used as a physiologic measure of spinal nociception <ref type="bibr" coords="4,207.54,132.04,76.64,7.91" target="#b55">(Sandrini et al., 2005)</ref>.</p><p>To measure NFR threshold, three ascending-descending staircases of electric stimulations were delivered <ref type="bibr" coords="4,219.48,154.04,68.58,7.91;4,48.00,165.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b50">(Rhudy &amp; France, 2007)</ref>. Each stimulus consisted of a train of five 1-ms rectangular wave pulses at 250 Hz delivered to the sural nerve with a varying interval of 8 -12 s between electric stimulations to reduce habituation and predictability. The first ascending-descending staircase started at 0 mA and increased in 2-mA steps until an NFR was obtained. The presence of the reflex was defined as a mean biceps femoris EMG response in the 90-to 150-ms poststimulus interval that exceeded the mean biceps femoris EMG activity during the 60-ms prestimulus baseline interval by at least 1.4 standard deviations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,72.63,264.04,89.50,7.91" target="#b50">(Rhudy &amp; France, 2007)</ref>. Once an NFR was obtained, the stimulus level was decreased in 1-mA steps until an NFR was no longer detected. The second and third ascending-descending staircases repeated this procedure but used 1 mA steps. NFR threshold was defined as the average stimulus intensity (mA) of the two peaks and two troughs of the last two ascending-descending staircases. Immediately after the presentation of each electric stimulus, participants used the NRS to rate their pain intensity. Suprathreshold pain ratings were defined as the average pain ratings of the stimuli that occurred at the two peaks and two troughs of the last two ascending-descending staircases.</p><p>Electric Pain Assessment. Pain threshold and tolerance were assessed using a single, ascending series of electrical stimulations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,306.00,99.04,71.86,7.91" target="#b51">(Rhudy et al., 2009)</ref>. Stimulus parameters and interstimulus intervals (ISIs) were the same as during NFR testing. Immediately following each stimulus, participants rated their pain intensity on the NRS. Stimulation intensity started at 0 mA and increased in 2 mA steps until electric pain tolerance was reached (NRS rating ϭ 100). Electric pain threshold was defined as the intensity of stimulation (mA) at which point the participant reported pain (NRS rating Ն50). Maximum intensity was set at 50 mA to ensure participant safety.</p><p>TS-Pain and NFR. TS-pain is the progressive increase in pain ratings in response to a series of constant-intensity, painful stimulations <ref type="bibr" coords="4,337.91,220.03,46.52,7.91" target="#b45">(Price, 1972)</ref>. TS-pain is believed to result from a temporary hyperexcitability of spinal cord neurons (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,505.69,231.03,40.35,7.91;4,306.00,242.03,42.08,7.91" target="#b40">Mendell &amp; Wall, 1965)</ref>, which is thought to be an indicator of central sensitization and chronic pain risk <ref type="bibr" coords="4,412.53,253.03,106.17,7.91" target="#b31">(Li, Simone, &amp; Larson, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,520.81,253.03,25.25,7.91;4,306.00,264.03,19.37,7.91" target="#b67">Woolf, 1983)</ref>. In some circumstances, pain perception can diverge from measures of pain signaling in the spinal cord <ref type="bibr" coords="4,484.25,275.03,61.79,7.91;4,306.00,286.03,20.50,7.91" target="#b12">(Danziger et al., 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,329.69,286.03,196.76,7.91" target="#b53">Rhudy, Williams, McCabe, Rambo, &amp; Russell, 2006)</ref>. For this reason, it is advantageous to measure temporal summation of NFR (TS-NFR; the progressive increase in NFR magnitude across series of painful stimulations, see <ref type="figure" coords="4,428.76,319.03,29.55,7.91">Figure 1</ref>) to get a better measure of the sensitization of spinal cord neurons (Arendt-Nielsen, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,525.57,330.03,16.39,7.91;4,306.00,341.03,104.10,7.91" target="#b1">Brennum, Sindrup, &amp; Bak, 1994)</ref>.</p><p>The stimulus intensity during temporal summation testing was individually calibrated to each participant's three-pulse threshold (see <ref type="figure" coords="4,323.95,374.03,30.20,7.91">Figure 1</ref>). To assess three-pulse threshold, several series of <ref type="figure" coords="4,240.57,715.72,27.44,6.86">Figure 1</ref>. Experimental protocol. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>three electrical stimulations with a 0.5-s ISI were delivered. The stimulus intensity of the first series started at 80% NFR threshold and increased by 1 mA until the third stimulus in the series evoked an NFR according to the definition used in NFR threshold testing. This stimulus intensity (mA) was defined as the three-pulse threshold. This was used because participants with low NFR thresholds (e.g., 3-10 mA) do not always produce reliable reflexes during temporal summation testing <ref type="bibr" coords="5,153.60,154.04,69.45,7.91" target="#b58">(Terry et al., 2011)</ref>. However, when the stimulus intensity is set at or above the three-pulse threshold, this problem is alleviated.</p><p>To assess TS-pain and TS-NFR, five series of three suprathreshold electrocutaneous stimuli with a 0.5 s-ISI were delivered <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.00,209.04,69.39,7.91" target="#b58">(Terry et al., 2011)</ref>. Immediately following each series, pain ratings were assessed from computer-presented NRSs displaying three separate scales (one for each stimulus in the series). These ratings were used to assess TS-pain. To assess TS-NFR, biceps femoris EMG was recorded during each stimulus series. NFR magnitude was calculated by subtracting the mean prestimulus baseline EMG from the mean EMG in the 90-to 150-ms poststimulation interval after each stimulus <ref type="bibr" coords="5,193.57,286.04,68.29,7.91" target="#b58">(Terry et al., 2011)</ref>. Eight NFRs were excluded from analysis (1.3%) because there was contamination (e.g., voluntary muscle contraction) in the prestimulation EMG (defined as mean EMG Ͼ 10 V). <ref type="figure" coords="5,57.00,360.04,30.48,7.91">Figure 1</ref> illustrates the experimental procedures. All procedures were approved by The University of Tulsa Institutional Review Board (IRB). The experimenter provided a thorough overview of the experiment, obtained informed consent, and screened the participant for inclusion/exclusion criteria. Participants were then instrumented for physiological recording. The procedures in the single testing session proceeded in the following order: questionnaire administration, ischemia pain threshold/tolerance testing, NFR threshold testing, electric pain threshold/tolerance testing, and temporal summation of pain/NFR. To allow participants time to recover from the ischemia tolerance task, there was a 15-to 20-min break immediately after it. Between other tasks there were breaks that lasted 2-5 min during which participants heard instructions regarding the next task. Throughout all phases, participants were seated comfortably in a reclining chair with the foot rest extended (knee angle approximately 160°). When the study was over, participants were provided their honorarium.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Statistical Analyses</head><p>The ␣ level was set at p Ͻ .05 (two-tailed) for all analyses. To analyze group differences in background variables, pain coping variables, and pain sensitivity (except temporal summation), independent samples t tests were conducted and Levene's test was performed to test the homogeneity of variance assumption. If violated, degrees of freedom were adjusted.</p><p>Given that temporal summation testing involved multiple data points (three stimuli per series ϫ five series), the SPSS MIXED procedure was used to analyze TS-pain and TS-NFR and maximize statistical power. Data were arranged in long form (i.e., each participant contributed 15 rows of data; three stimuli per series ϫ five series). In these two MIXED models, maximum likelihood estimation was used and the repeated measures covariance was modeled by an autoregressive (AR1) structure. Stimulus number (Stim1, Stim2, Stim3) was entered as a within-subjects variable to assess changes in pain/NFR across the three-stimulation series (i.e., temporal summation) and group (Native American, White) was entered as a between-subjects variable.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participant Characteristics</head><p>Participant characteristics are reported in <ref type="table" coords="5,463.39,351.54,25.86,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>. There were no group differences in sex, age, BMI, psychological distress, quality of life, or resting blood pressure. However, compared with non-Hispanic Whites, Native Americans reported fewer mean years of education (note: all participants except one Native American reported having at least a high school education).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pain Coping</head><p>There were no significant group differences on any coping strategy (see <ref type="table" coords="5,354.97,460.29,26.74,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pain Outcomes</head><p>One Native American participant did not achieve an NFR threshold before reaching the 50-mA stimulus intensity maximum; therefore, this participant was excluded from analysis of NFR threshold and TS-NFR. Contrary to hypotheses, Native Americans Note. CSQ ϭ Coping Strategies Questionnaire. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>showed lower pain sensitivity than non-Hispanic Whites on most pain outcomes (see <ref type="table" coords="6,122.45,88.04,27.07,7.91" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). Specifically, they had significantly higher ischemia pain tolerances, higher electric pain thresholds, and lower suprathreshold pain ratings. Although nonsignificant, the means for ischemia pain threshold and electric pain tolerance were also in the direction of lower pain sensitivity. The stimulus intensity used during temporal summation testing did not differ between the two groups: M Whites ϭ 19.92 mA (SD ϭ 8.62) versus M NA ϭ 19.71 mA (SD ϭ 9.08), p ϭ .99; therefore, any group differences noted in temporal summation cannot be attributed to stimulus intensity differences. As noted in <ref type="figure" coords="6,254.73,187.04,29.94,7.91" target="#fig_0">Figure 2</ref>, analysis of TS-pain indicated that both groups experienced a progressive increase in pain across the three-pulse series (stimulus number main effect: F(2, 513.45) ϭ 11.26, p Ͻ .001; all pairwise comparisons p values Ͻ.05). Moreover, Native Americans rated the stimuli as less painful than non-Hispanic Whites (group main effect <ref type="figure" coords="6,67.70,252.25,146.78,9.00">: F(1, 47.94) ϭ 7.13, p ϭ .01, d ϭ 0</ref>.70]. The Group ϫ Stimulus Number interaction was nonsignificant, F(2, 513.45) Ͻ 1. These results indicate that the perception of painful electric stimuli was dampened in Native Americans, but that both groups had a similar pain summation.</p><p>In the analysis of TS-NFR (see <ref type="figure" coords="6,170.21,308.04,28.87,7.91" target="#fig_0">Figure 2</ref>), there was a significant main effect of group, F(1, 102.58) ϭ 5.03, p ϭ .03, and stimulus number, F(2, 311.54) ϭ 32.41, p Ͻ .001, but these effects were qualified by a significant Group ϫ Stimulus Number interaction, F(2, 311.54) ϭ 8.36, p Ͻ .001. Contrasts for the simple effect of group found that Native Americans had a lower NFR magnitude at stimulus 2 (p ϭ .014, d ϭ 0.51) and stimulus 3 (p Ͻ .001, d ϭ 0.40), but not stimulus 1 (p ϭ .35, d ϭ 0.19). Therefore, summation of NFR was reduced in Native Americans providing physiological evidence that they have reduced spinal cord sensitization.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Exploratory Analyses: Potential Confounding by Background Variables</head><p>Analyses indicated that groups differed on education, and the effect sizes for age and BMI were of moderate size (close to d ϭ 0.50). Thus, to explore whether these variables could contribute to group differences in pain outcomes, zero-order correlations were first conducted between these variables and all pain outcomes. There were significant correlations between ischemia pain tolerance and age (r ϭ .33, p ϭ .03), electric pain threshold and age (r ϭ .40, p ϭ .009), and suprathreshold pain ratings and education (r ϭ .34, p ϭ .03). All other correlations were nonsignificant. To follow-up on these significant relationships, hierarchical regres-sions were conducted in which the background variable was entered in step 1 and group was entered in step 2. These analyses indicated group was still a significant predictor of ischemia pain tolerance after controlling for age (step 2 ⌬R 2 ϭ .09, p ϭ .047) and of suprathreshold pain ratings after controlling for education (step 2 ⌬R 2 ϭ .09, p ϭ .046). However, group was no longer a significant predictor of electric threshold after controlling for age (step 2 ⌬R 2 ϭ .04, p ϭ .15). Therefore, age may partially account for group differences in electric pain threshold.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>This study examined pain processing in Native Americans using experimental methods. Contrary to hypotheses, pain was reduced in Native Americans compared with non-Hispanic Whites on some pain outcomes. Native Americans had higher electric pain thresholds, higher ischemia pain tolerances, and lower ratings of suprathreshold electric stimuli (during NFR threshold and temporal summation testing). Group differences in electric pain tolerance, ischemia pain threshold, and NFR threshold were nonsignificant. The lack of group differences in NFR threshold indicate that this protective reflex is evoked by similar stimulus levels in the two Note. Degrees of freedom (and thus p values) were adjusted when the homogeneity of variances assumption was not passed. NFR ϭ nociceptive flexion reflex. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>groups. However, Native Americans demonstrated reduced TS-NFR. Given that TS-NFR is a physiologic measure of spinal sensitization, this suggests that pain signaling is dampened within the spinal cord before it is relayed to the brain. Consistent with this, pain ratings during temporal summation were considerably lower in Native Americans relative to non-Hispanic Whites (see <ref type="figure" coords="7,48.00,143.04,30.35,7.91" target="#fig_0">Figure 2</ref>). Physiologic evidence provided by TS-NFR also indicates that group differences in pain perception are not fully explained by group differences in reporting style. This is important given evidence that Native Americans may under-report pain <ref type="bibr" coords="7,48.00,187.04,61.74,7.91" target="#b3">(Barkwell, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,112.73,187.04,78.47,7.91" target="#b25">Haozous et al., 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,194.19,187.04,73.34,7.91" target="#b29">Kramer et al., 2002)</ref>. One potential explanation for these group differences in pain perception and spinal cord sensitization could be group differences in descending inhibition. Indeed, pain perception is determined by several factors including the level of painful input, the amount of CNS sensitization, and the degree of activation of descending (brain-to-spinal cord) pain inhibitory mechanisms. Some have suggested that enhanced pain sensitivity in African Americans is due to underactivation of descending inhibition because one study found that African Americans demonstrated less pain inhibition than non-Hispanic Whites on an experimental measure of descending inhibition <ref type="bibr" coords="7,102.27,308.04,90.48,7.91" target="#b8">(Campbell et al., 2008a)</ref>. Thus it is possible that overactivation of descending inhibition results in dampened pain and reduced spinal cord sensitization in Native Americans. Alternatively, group differences in pain could be explained by psychosocial factors (eg, perceived discrimination, ethnic identity) as has been noted in other studies of pain in ethnic minorities <ref type="bibr" coords="7,251.31,363.04,36.74,7.91;7,48.00,374.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b18">(Edwards, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,71.48,374.04,105.81,7.91" target="#b47">Rahim-Williams et al., 2007)</ref>. Future studies are needed to examine these possibilities.</p><p>Group differences in pain processing are not likely to be explained by differences in pain coping strategies because groups did not differ on subscales of the Coping Strategies Questionnaire (see <ref type="table" coords="7,48.00,429.04,27.13,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). Moreover, exploratory analyses were conducted to examine whether age, BMI, or education contributed to group differences in pain because group differences on these three background variables had moderate effect sizes. These analyses indicated that age may partially explain the group difference in electric pain threshold but not other pain outcomes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Potential Implications</head><p>Native Americans, African Americans, and Hispanics have a high risk of chronic pain, but African Americans and Hispanics have higher pain sensitivity. Thus, the mechanisms that contribute to chronic pain in Native Americans may be different than these other groups. Pain sensitivity, central sensitization, and descending inhibition are normally distributed in humans and reflect natural variation in pain processing (depicted by hypothetical normal distribution of pain tolerance in <ref type="figure" coords="7,167.90,605.04,30.08,7.91">Figure 3</ref>; e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,222.89,605.04,65.15,7.91;7,48.00,616.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b15">Diatchenko et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,72.01,616.04,56.62,7.91" target="#b17">Edwards, 2005)</ref>. Persons in the middle of the distribution have a healthy balance between descending inhibition and ascending nociception. They can detect tissue damage and are able to engage descending inhibition when necessary to manage pain. As a result, these persons may be at lower chronic pain risk.</p><p>However, deviations from "normal" pain processing may confer risk for chronic pain. Individuals in the left tail of the distribution of <ref type="figure" coords="7,57.82,693.04,30.33,7.91">Figure 3</ref> are pain sensitive (e.g., low pain tolerance). They have higher pain sensitivity, enhanced central sensitization, reduced ability to inhibit pain, and higher risk for chronic pain <ref type="bibr" coords="7,251.31,715.04,36.73,7.91;7,306.00,77.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b17">(Edwards, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,331.23,77.04,214.81,7.91;7,306.00,88.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b43">Peters, Schmidt, Van den Hout, Koopmans, &amp; Sluijter, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,330.45,88.04,69.21,7.91" target="#b57">Staud et al., 2001)</ref>. For these individuals, incoming pain signals (ascending nociception) and descending inhibition are out of balance, with the result being enhanced pain and chronic pain risk.</p><p>Individuals in the right tail of the distribution in <ref type="figure" coords="7,500.15,132.04,31.46,7.91">Figure 3</ref> are pain insensitive (e.g., high pain tolerance). Although experiencing less pain can seem beneficial, chronically dampened pain may actually confer risk for future pain-related problems. In extreme cases, persons who cannot experience pain at all (i.e., congenital pain insensitivity) have difficulty detecting physical harm, are less likely to protect injuries, and fail to learn to avoid future danger <ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.00,209.04,62.76,7.91" target="#b11">(Cox et al., 2006)</ref>. Likewise, those in the right tail of the distribution may be at risk for chronic pain because they have a difficult time detecting and preventing tissue damage and/or protecting tissue damage once it has occurred. Further, chronic overactivation of descending pain inhibition may promote chronic pain by exhausting pain inhibitory resources, perhaps through a disruption of the opioid system <ref type="bibr" coords="7,372.94,275.04,137.31,7.91" target="#b6">(Bruehl, McCubbin, &amp; Harden, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,512.90,275.04,33.14,7.91;7,306.00,286.04,46.20,7.91" target="#b35">Mayer &amp; Hayes, 1975)</ref>. Once there is a failure of descending pain inhibition, incoming pain signals will go unchecked, and these individuals may move from the right tail of the distribution into the left tail to become pain sensitive. The notion that inhibitory resources are depleted over time in Native Americans is consistent with recent evidence that Native Americans show the greatest age-related increase in low back pain incidence <ref type="bibr" coords="7,439.86,352.03,106.17,7.91;7,306.00,363.03,19.37,7.91" target="#b28">(Knox, Orchowski, &amp; Owen, 2012)</ref>.</p><p>Thus, chronic pain risk in Native Americans may be due to problems detecting physical harm (because of low pain sensitivity) and/or overactivation of pain inhibitory mechanisms. If these assertions are correct, then there are several potential implications. First, it means that the mechanisms underlying pain risk in Native Americans is different than other minority groups. Second, clinical interventions may need to be tailored to Native Americans. Whereas most psychological pain techniques focus on decreasing pain and increasing descending pain inhibition (e.g., distraction, pleasant imagery), Native Americans may benefit from new or adapted interventions that focus on bringing pain into awareness and/or directing attention toward pain to improve its detection. For example, mindfulness techniques could be adapted to promote awareness of incoming pain signals while at the same time decreasing pain effect and distress. Third, if Native Americans are chronically hypoalgesic, then this could contribute to inaccurate prevalence rates of pain problems in this population. Finally, it might be possible to develop an objective screening tool to identify individuals at risk for chronic pain (i.e., those with dampened TS-NFR).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study Limitations</head><p>Although our study had several strengths (e.g., first experimental pain study in Native Americans, multiple stimulus modalities, use of physiological outcomes), a few limitations are worth noting. First, sample sizes were small. Given that this study was the first to assess experimental pain in Native Americans, we conceptualized this as a pilot study and targeted N ϭ 50 (25 per group), which would have provided power of .61 or greater for effect sizes of d of .65 or greater. This seemed adequate because other studies of ethnicity and pain have found moderate to large effect sizes This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,48.00,484.04,78.79,7.91" target="#b7">(Campbell et al., 2005</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,133.21,484.04,20.83,7.91" target="#b9">(Campbell et al., , 2008b</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,160.57,484.04,100.73,7.91" target="#b20">Edwards &amp; Fillingim, 1999)</ref>. However, we were only able to achieve N ϭ 42 total because of funding limitations. This likely reduced our ability to detect some group differences on pain coping and pain sensitivity. Furthermore, small samples sizes meant that we were unable to assess whether variables mediated or moderated ethnic/racial differences in pain sensitivity (e.g., tribal affiliation, blood quantum level, acculturation, biological sex, age, BMI). Second, because our sample comprised healthy individuals, we are unable to generalize to those with health problems. For example, rates of obesity in the general population are higher for Native Americans than Whites (39.6% vs. 26.1%) (USDHHS Office of Minority Health, 2010), yet our samples were similar on BMI. Therefore, our group of Native Americans may not represent well the general population of Native Americans. Furthermore, our results cannot be generalized to persons with chronic pain. However, by limiting our sample to healthy individuals, we were able to rule out many potential confounds. Third, our samples were not perfectly matched on all background variables. Nevertheless, exploratory analyses revealed that group differences in pain were not fully explained by age, BMI, or education. Fourth, we used a fixed order for our pain tasks. Although we tried to allow for ample time in between tasks, we cannot rule out that carryover effects influenced our conclusions on later tasks. Finally, similar to prior studies, groups were defined largely by self-reported ethnicity/race rather than other factors (e.g., parental ethnicity/race, genetics). This limits our ability to make claims about heredity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Summary</head><p>The study presented here suggests Native Americans have dampened pain sensitivity and reduced central sensitization. Thus, chronic pain risk in Native Americans may be different than in other ethnic minorities, perhaps because of problems detecting physical harm. If these findings are replicated in a larger sample, these observations could inform new interventions tailored to this population and could aid in the reversal of health disparities in pain. <ref type="figure" coords="8,117.00,382.92,29.14,6.86">Figure 3</ref>. Hypothetical risk factors for chronic pain. Pain sensitivity (e.g., pain tolerance) is normally distributed in humans, and individual differences in pain sensitivity are determined by the relative contribution of the incoming pain signal (nociception) and descending inhibitory processes. It is proposed that those with moderate pain sensitivity (e.g., moderate pain tolerance) have a balance between ascending nociception and descending inhibition that places them at lower risk for chronic pain. By contrast, persons with extremely high pain sensitivity (e.g., those in the left tail of the distribution who have low pain tolerance) and extremely low pain sensitivity (e.g., those in the right tail of the distribution with high pain tolerance) are both at risk for clinical pain because of an imbalance between ascending nociception and descending inhibition. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="6,306.00,275.61,240.02,7.03;6,306.00,284.91,240.01,8.00;6,306.00,294.91,149.50,8.00"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Temporal summation of pain (upper figure) and temporal summation of the nociceptive flexion reflex (lower figure). NA ϭ Native American; NFR ϭ nociceptive flexion reflex.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,7.70,227.15,537.80,495.86"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Participant Characteristics by GroupNote. Percentages of female participants are reported for sex. SCL-90-R ϭ Symptom Checklist 90 Revised; SF-36 ϭ Short-Form Health Survey. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc><table coords="2,48.00,598.70,497.51,109.03">Characteristic 

Non-Hispanic Whites 
(n ϭ 20) 

Native Americans 
(n ϭ 22) 

p 
Cohen's d 
M 
S D 
M 
S D 

Sex (% female) 
35% (n ϭ 7) 
36% (n ϭ 8) 
0.93 
Age (years) 
33.60 
11.99 
41.14 
14.39 
0.07 
Ϫ0.57 
Education (years) 
16.18 
2.67 
14.25 
3.23 
0.04 
0.65 
BMI (kg/m 2 ) 
27.41 
3.86 
25.28 
5.18 
0.14 
0.46 
Psychological distress (SCL-90-R) 
1.43 
0.39 
1.33 
0.26 
0.37 
0.28 
Quality of life (SF-36) 
79.00 
15.44 
80.91 
14.93 
0.69 
Ϫ0.13 
Systolic blood pressure (mmHg) 
123.10 
15.30 
121.63 
13.16 
0.74 
0.10 
Diastolic blood pressure (mmHg) 
79.69 
13.04 
76.23 
8.90 
0.33 
0.32 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="5,48.00,576.04,497.50,131.96"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Means, SD, and Cohen's d Values for Group Comparisons for Pain Coping Styles</figDesc><table coords="5,48.00,606.70,497.50,101.30">CSQ Pain Coping Variables 

Non-Hispanic Whites 
Native Americans 

p 
Cohen's d 
M 
S D 
M 
S D 

Diverting attention (0-36) 
18.15 
8.16 
15.82 
9.47 
0.40 
0.26 
Reinterpretation of pain sensations (0-36) 
14.35 
8.22 
13.59 
9.10 
0.78 
0.09 
Coping self-statements (0-36) 
23.85 
8.11 
24.41 
6.64 
0.81 
Ϫ0.08 
Ignoring sensations (0-36) 
17.75 
6.31 
16.18 
7.70 
0.48 
0.22 
Praying/hoping (0-36) 
9.50 
6.46 
10.36 
6.96 
0.68 
Ϫ0.13 
Catastrophizing (0-36) 
5.10 
6.32 
3.41 
4.03 
0.30 
0.33 
Increasing behavioral activities (0-36) 
14.70 
5.99 
12.86 
7.45 
0.39 
0.27 
Increasing pain behaviors (0-36) 
14.70 
5.57 
15.64 
7.20 
0.64 
Ϫ0.15 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="6,48.00,594.04,497.51,113.96"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Means, SD, and Cohen's d Values for Group Comparisons of Pain Outcomes</figDesc><table coords="6,48.00,624.70,497.50,83.30">Outcome 

Non-Hispanic Whites 
Native Americans 

p 
Cohen's d 
M 
S D 
M 
S D 

Ischemic pain threshold (s) 
90.30 
122.51 
267.14 
401.00 
0.06 
Ϫ0.68 
Ischemic pain tolerance (s) 
210.15 
206.22 
540.77 
544.97 
0.01 
Ϫ0.88 
NFR threshold (mA) 
22.21 
12.28 
19.89 
11.75 
0.54 
0.19 
Suprathreshold pain ratings (0-100) 
76.08 
18.04 
53.56 
34.33 
0.01 
0.86 
Electric pain threshold (mA) 
15.50 
6.61 
22.82 
14.34 
0.04 
Ϫ0.70 
Electric pain tolerance (mA) 
34.70 
13.41 
36.00 
13.66 
0.76 
Ϫ0.10 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="8,306.00,685.71,240.02,7.03;8,314.00,695.71,232.00,7.03;8,314.00,705.71,231.99,7.03;8,314.00,715.71,42.00,7.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human brain mechanisms of pain perception and regulation in health and disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Apkarian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bushnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R.-D</forename><surname>Treede</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J.-K</forename><surname>Zubieta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.ejpain.2004.11.001</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="463" to="484" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,77.20,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,87.51,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,97.82,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,108.13,151.17,7.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electrophysiological and psychophysical quantification of temporal summation in the human nociceptive system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Arendt-Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Brennum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sindrup</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/BF00376776</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Applied Physiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="266" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,118.43,240.02,7.03;9,56.00,128.74,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,139.05,231.99,7.03;9,56.00,149.35,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Experimental and clinical applications of quantitative sensory testing applied to skin, muscles and viscera</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Arendt-Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Yarnitsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpain.2009.02.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="556" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,159.66,240.01,7.03;9,56.00,169.97,231.97,7.03;9,56.00,180.28,87.11,7.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cancer Pain: Voices of the Ojibway People</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Barkwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpainsymman.2005.04.008</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/j .jpainsymman.2005.04.008</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Pain and Symptom Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="454" to="464" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,190.58,240.04,7.03;9,56.00,200.96,232.02,6.86;9,56.00,211.20,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,221.50,30.90,7.03" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Health characteristics of the American Indian or Alaska Native adult population: United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Barnes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Powell-Griner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<pubPlace>Hyattesville, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Center for Health Statistics</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,231.81,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,242.12,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,252.41,184.87,7.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Characteristics and prediction of early pain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bisgaard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Klarskov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Rosenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kehlet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0304-3959%2800%2900406-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="269" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,262.71,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,273.00,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,283.30,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,293.59,55.99,7.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Theoretical review: Altered pain regulatory systems in chronic pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bruehl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mccubbin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Harden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0149-7634%2899%2900039-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,303.89,240.00,7.03;9,56.00,314.19,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,324.48,142.95,7.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in responses to multiple experimental pain stimuli</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2004.08.013</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,334.78,240.02,7.03;9,56.00,345.07,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,355.37,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,365.66,42.00,7.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in diffuse noxious inhibitory controls</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>France</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Logan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Geffken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpain.2008.03.010</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="759" to="766" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,375.96,240.02,7.03;9,56.00,386.25,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,396.55,232.00,7.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in the nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>France</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Logan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Geffken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2007.03.035</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">134</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,406.84,240.00,7.03;9,56.00,417.14,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,427.43,115.33,7.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Subjective pain sensation is linearly correlated with the flexion reflex in man</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Dallaire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0006-8993%2889%2991344-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">479</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="150" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,437.73,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,448.02,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,458.32,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,468.61,80.66,7.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An SCN9A channelopathy causes congenital inability to experience pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Reimann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Nicholas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Thornton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Springell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Woods</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/nature05413</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">444</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="894" to="898" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,478.91,240.05,7.03;9,56.00,489.20,232.03,7.03;9,56.00,499.50,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,509.79,229.08,7.03;9,48.00,520.09,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,530.38,217.06,7.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Different strategies of modulation can be operative during hypnotic analgesia: A neurophysiological study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Danziger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Fournier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bouhassira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Michaud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>De Broucker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Santarcangelo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Willer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0304-3959%2897%2900208-X</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">L. R</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<publisher>Clinical Psychometric Research</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>SCL-90-R: Administration, scoring, and procedures manual II</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,540.68,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,550.97,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,561.27,28.67,7.03" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Derogatis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Symptom Checklist 90-R: Administration, scoring, and procedures manual</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Minneapolis, MN</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Computer Systems</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,571.57,240.01,7.03;9,56.00,581.86,232.01,7.03;9,56.00,592.16,175.62,7.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Back pain prevalence and visit rates: Estimates from U.S. national surveys</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Deyo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mirza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/01.brs.0000244618.06877.cd</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Spine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2724" to="2727" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,602.45,240.02,7.03;9,56.00,612.75,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,623.04,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,633.34,203.52,7.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic basis for individual variations in pain perception and the development of a chronic pain condition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Diatchenko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Slade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Nackley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bhalang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sigurdsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Belfer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Maixner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/hmg/ddi013</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Molecular Genetics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">135</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,643.63,240.03,7.03;9,56.00,653.93,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,664.22,232.02,7.03;9,56.00,674.52,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,684.81,147.10,7.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pain and the defense response: Structural equation modeling reveals a coordinated psychophysiological response to increasing painful stimulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Donaldson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bradshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/s0304-3959%2802%2900351-2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="108" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,48.00,695.11,240.01,7.03;9,56.00,705.40,232.00,7.03;9,56.00,715.70,124.22,7.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Individual differences in endogenous pain modulation as a risk factor for chronic pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1212/01.wnl.0000171862.17301.84</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neurology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="443" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,77.20,240.02,7.03;9,314.00,87.33,231.99,7.03;9,314.00,97.47,91.33,7.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The association of perceived discrimination with low back pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10865-008-9160-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Behavioral Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="389" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,107.61,240.01,7.03;9,314.00,117.74,232.02,7.03;9,314.00,127.88,184.02,7.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in pain tolerance: Clinical implications in a chronic pain population</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Doleys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Lowery</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychosomatic Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="316" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,138.01,240.02,7.03;9,314.00,148.15,180.91,7.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in thermal pain responses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychosomatic Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="346" to="354" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,158.29,240.02,7.03;9,314.00,168.42,232.02,7.03;9,314.00,178.56,232.00,7.03;9,314.00,188.69,106.89,7.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rheumatoid arthritis in American Indians and Alaska Natives: A review of the literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ferucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Templin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lanier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.semarthrit.2004.08.003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Seminars in Arthritis and Rheumatism</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="662" to="667" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,198.83,240.01,7.03;9,314.00,208.97,231.99,7.03;9,314.00,219.10,232.01,7.03;9,314.00,229.24,135.10,7.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Central nervous system mechanisms of pain modulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fields</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Basbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Heinricher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Textbook of pain</title>
		<editor>S. B. McMahon &amp; M. Koltzenburg</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>PA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Elsevier/Churchill Livingstone</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="125" to="143" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>5th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,239.37,240.01,7.03;9,314.00,249.51,232.02,7.03;9,314.00,259.65,231.99,7.03;9,314.00,269.78,200.06,7.03" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pain sensitivity in patients with temporomandibular disorders: Relationship to clinical and psychosocial factors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Maixner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kincaid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sigurdsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/00002508-199612000-00005</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="260" to="269" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,279.92,240.04,7.03;9,314.00,290.06,232.02,7.03;9,314.00,300.19,232.01,7.03;9,314.00,310.33,58.66,7.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Postcesarean section pain prediction by preoperative experimental pain assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Granot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lowenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Yarnitsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zimmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/00000542-200306000-00018</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anesthesiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1422</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,320.46,240.01,7.03;9,314.00,330.60,232.01,7.03;9,314.00,340.74,179.44,7.03" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding the cancer pain experience in American Indians of the Northern Plains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Haozous</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Knobf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Brant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/pon.1741</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psycho-Oncology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="404" to="410" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,350.87,240.02,7.03;9,314.00,361.01,232.01,7.03;9,314.00,371.14,232.03,7.03;9,314.00,381.28,232.00,7.03;9,314.00,391.42,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Review of the Experience, Epidemiology, and Management of Pain among American Indian, Alaska Native, and Aboriginal Canadian Peoples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Jimenez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Garroutte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kundu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Morales</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Buchwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpain.2010.12.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="511" to="522" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.00,401.55,240.03,7.03;9,314.00,411.69,232.00,7.03;9,314.00,421.82,231.99,7.03;9,314.01,431.96,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Race and histories of mood disorders modulate experimental pain tolerance in women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Klatzkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mechlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bunevicius</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Girdler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpain.2007.06.001</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="861" to="868" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,442.10,240.01,7.03;9,314.01,452.23,232.00,7.03;9,314.01,462.37,120.90,7.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Racial differences in the incidence of acute low back pain in US military service members</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Knox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Orchowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Owen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/BRS.0b013e318255a07b</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Spine</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,472.50,240.05,7.03;9,314.01,482.64,232.01,7.03;9,314.01,492.78,145.17,7.03" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Arthritis beliefs and self-care in an urban American Indian population. Arthritis and Rheumatism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kramer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Harker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/art.10795</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="588" to="594" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,502.91,240.02,7.03;9,314.01,513.05,232.01,7.03;9,314.01,523.18,232.02,7.03;9,314.01,533.32,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Severe dental caries, impacts and determinants among children 2-6 years of age in Inuvik Region</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Leake</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jozzy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Uswak</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal Canadian Dental Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">519</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,543.46,240.02,7.03;9,314.01,553.59,231.86,7.03;9,314.01,563.73,55.99,7.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Windup leads to characteristics of central sensitization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Simone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Larson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0304-3959%2898%2900154-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="154" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,573.86,240.03,7.03" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Loeser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Turk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,314.01,584.00,232.02,7.03;9,314.01,594.14,27.34,7.03" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bonica&apos;s management of pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Philadelphia, PA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,604.27,240.02,7.03;9,314.01,614.41,232.00,7.03;9,314.01,624.54,232.01,7.03;9,314.01,634.68,80.22,7.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chronic arthritis in children and adolescents in two Indian health service user populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mauldin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cameron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Jeanotte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Solomon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Jarvis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1186/1471-2474-5-30</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">30</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,644.80,240.02,7.03;9,314.01,654.93,232.02,7.03;9,314.01,665.05,143.54,7.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stimulation-produced analgesia: Development of tolerance and cross-tolerance to morphine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1126/science.1094537</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">188</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="941" to="943" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,306.01,675.18,240.04,7.03" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mchorney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ware</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F R</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sherbourne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,314.01,685.30,232.05,7.03;9,314.01,695.43,231.83,7.03;9,314.01,705.55,232.00,7.03;9,314.00,715.68,20.00,7.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The MOS 36-item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36): III. Tests of data quality, scaling assumptions, and reliability across diverse patient groups</title>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/00005650-199401000-00004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Medical Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="40" to="66" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;9,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;9,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;9,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;9,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;9,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;9,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;9,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;9,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;9,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;9,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;9,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;9,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;9,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;9,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;9,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;9,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;9,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;9,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;9,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;9,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;9,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;9,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;9,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;9,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;9,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;9,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;9,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;9,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;9,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;9,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;9,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;9,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;9,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;9,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,77.20,240.03,7.03;10,56.00,87.25,232.03,7.03;10,56.00,97.30,232.00,7.03;10,56.00,107.34,125.56,7.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic differences in cardiovascular-somatosensory interactions and in the central processing of noxious stimuli</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mechlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Heymen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Girdler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1469-8986.2010.01140.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychophysiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="762" to="773" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,117.39,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,127.43,231.99,7.03;10,56.00,137.48,59.78,7.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Responses of single dorsal cord cells to peripheral cutaneous unmyelinated fibres</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mendell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/206097a0</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">206</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,147.52,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,157.57,182.27,7.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Descending control of pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Millan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0301-0082%2802%2900009-6</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Progress in Neurobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="474" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,167.61,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,177.66,231.84,7.03;10,56.00,187.71,64.00,7.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The amygdala and persistent pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Neugebauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bird</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Han</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1073858403261077</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1177/ 1073858403261077</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Neuroscientist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="234" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,197.75,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,207.80,232.00,7.03;10,56.00,217.84,232.00,7.03;10,56.00,227.89,147.99,7.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chronic back pain, acute postoperative pain and the activation of diffuse noxious inhibitory controls (DNIC)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Van Den Hout</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Koopmans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sluijter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0304-3959%2892%2990159-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="177" to="187" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,237.93,240.03,7.03;10,56.00,247.98,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,258.03,119.78,7.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chronic pain and medullary descending facilitation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Porreca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Ossipov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Gebhart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0166-2236%2802%2902157-4</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Neurosciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">319</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,268.07,240.04,7.03;10,56.00,278.12,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,288.16,147.99,7.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Characteristics of second pain and flexion reflexes indicative of prolonged central summation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Price</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0014-4886%2872%2990081-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Experimental Neurology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="371" to="387" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,298.21,240.00,7.03;10,56.00,308.25,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,318.30,205.97,7.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sensory testing of pathophysiological mechanisms of pain in patients with reflex sympathetic dystrophy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Price</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Long</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Huitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0304-3959%2892%2990139-3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="173" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,328.34,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,338.39,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,348.44,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,358.48,133.33,7.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethnic identity predicts experimental pain sensitivity in African Americans and Hispanics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rahim-Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Riley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Iii</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Herrera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hastie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fillingim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2006.12.016</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">129</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="177" to="184" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,368.53,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,378.57,184.41,7.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Central nervous system plasticity and persistent pain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Dubner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Orofacial Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="163" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,388.62,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,398.66,230.04,7.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence and predictors of headaches in US adolescents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Rhee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1046/j.1526-4610.2000.00084.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Headache</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="528" to="538" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,408.71,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,418.75,232.03,7.03;10,56.00,428.80,224.26,7.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Defining the nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR) threshold in human participants: A comparison of different scoring criteria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>France</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2006.09.024</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">128</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,438.85,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,448.89,232.02,7.03;10,56.00,458.94,232.02,7.03;10,56.00,468.98,206.34,7.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does pain catastrophizing moderate the relationship between spinal nociceptive processes and pain sensitivity?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>France</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bartley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jpain.2009.02.005</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="860" to="869" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,479.03,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,489.07,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,499.12,232.00,7.03;10,56.00,509.17,28.00,7.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Affective modulation of nociception at spinal and supraspinal levels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nguyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Rambo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1469-8986.2005.00313.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychophysiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="579" to="587" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,519.21,240.02,7.03;10,56.00,529.26,232.02,7.03;10,56.00,539.29,232.00,7.03;10,56.00,549.33,88.22,7.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotional modulation of spinal nociception and pain: The impact of predictable noxious stimulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rambo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2006.06.027</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">126</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="233" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.00,559.36,240.01,7.03;10,56.00,569.39,232.01,7.03;10,56.00,579.43,231.99,7.03;10,56.00,589.46,55.99,7.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The use of coping strategies in chronic low back pain patients: Relationship to patient characteristics and current adjustment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Rosenstiel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Keefe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0304-3959%2883%2990125-2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90125" to="90127" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,77.21,240.02,7.03;10,314.00,87.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,97.21,213.32,7.03" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The lower limb flexion reflex in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sandrini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Serrao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Rossi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Romaniello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Cruccu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Willer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pneurobio.2005.11.003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Progress in Neurobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="353" to="395" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,107.21,240.02,7.03;10,314.00,117.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,127.21,89.33,7.03" xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Why look in the brain for answers to temporomandibular disorder pain? Cells, Tissues, Organs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Sarlani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Greenspan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1159/000086200</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">180</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="69" to="75" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,137.21,240.02,7.03;10,314.00,147.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,157.21,232.00,7.03;10,314.00,167.21,119.78,7.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Abnormal sensitization and temporal summation of second pain (wind-up) in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Staud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vierck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Cannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mauderli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Price</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0304-3959%2800%2900432-2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="175" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,177.21,240.04,7.03;10,314.00,187.21,232.01,7.03;10,314.00,197.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,207.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,217.21,232.00,7.03;10,314.00,227.21,101.56,7.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Standardizing procedures to study sensitization of human spinal nociceptive processes: Comparing parameters for temporal summation of the nociceptive flexion reflex (TS-NFR)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Terry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>France</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bartley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Delventura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kerr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Vincent</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rhudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.ijpsycho.2011.06.021</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Psychophysiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="274" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,237.21,240.00,7.03;10,314.00,247.21,231.88,7.03;10,314.00,257.21,66.22,7.03" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cerebral signature for pain perception and its modulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Tracey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Mantyh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.neuron.2007.07.012</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/j .neuron.2007.07.012</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuron</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="377" to="391" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,267.21,240.05,7.03;10,314.00,277.28,232.02,6.86;10,314.00,287.21,134.19,7.03" xml:id="b60">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Summary of health statistics for U.S. Adults: National Health Interview Survey</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>UDHHS</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hyattsville, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Department of Health and Human Services (USDHHS). (2010)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.11,297.21,232.93,7.03;10,314.00,307.21,232.03,7.03;10,314.00,317.21,232.00,7.03;10,314.00,327.21,64.43,7.03" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Department of Health and Human Services Office of Minority Health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://minorityhealth.hhs.gov/templates/content.aspx?lvlϭ3&amp;lvlIDϭ537&amp;IDϭ6457" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Obesity and American Indians/Alaska Natives</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,337.21,240.01,7.03;10,314.00,347.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,357.21,231.95,7.03;10,314.00,367.21,79.10,7.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Injury related behavior and neural plasticity: An evolutionary perspective on sensitization, hyperalgesia, and analgesia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Walters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0074-7742%2808%2960307-4</idno>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/ S0074-7742(08</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Review of Neurobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60307" to="60311" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,377.21,240.02,7.03;10,314.00,387.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,397.21,229.82,7.03" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The MOS 36-item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36): I. Conceptual framework and item selection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ware</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sherbourne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/00005650-199206000-00002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Medical Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="473" to="483" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,407.21,240.04,7.03;10,314.00,417.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,427.21,195.10,7.03" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prediction of postoperative pain by preoperative nociceptive responses to heat stimulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">U</forename><surname>Werner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Duun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kehlet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1097/00000542-200401000-00020</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anesthesiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">115</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,437.21,240.00,7.03;10,314.00,447.21,231.91,7.03;10,314.00,457.21,55.99,7.03" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative study of perceived pain and nociceptive flexion reflex in man</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Willer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/0304-3959%2877%2990036-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90036" to="90043" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,467.21,240.03,7.03;10,314.00,477.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,487.21,128.70,7.03" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pain tolerance: Differences according to age, sex and race</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Woodrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Friedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Siegelaub</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Collen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychosomatic Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="548" to="556" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,497.21,240.01,7.03;10,314.00,507.21,206.12,7.03" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evidence for a central component of post-injury pain hypersensitivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Woolf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/306686a0</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">306</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="686" to="688" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,306.00,517.21,240.02,7.03;10,314.00,527.21,232.02,7.03;10,314.00,537.21,232.00,7.03;10,314.00,547.21,100.67,7.03" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A role for the brainstem in central sensitisation in humans. Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zambreanu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Wise</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C W</forename><surname>Brooks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Iannetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Tracey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.pain.2005.01.005</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">397</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
