<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2017">2017</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">National Research Council</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Via S. Martino della Battaglia 44</addrLine>
									<postCode>00185</postCode>
									<settlement>Rome</settlement>
									<country key="IT">Italy</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">National Research Council</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Rome</settlement>
									<country key="IT">Italy</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Computer Science Engineering</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Palermo</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Cognitive Science</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Central European University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Psychological Science</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="338" to="345"/>
							<date type="published" when="2017">2017</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:13+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In such a bimanual action, action plans are coordinated in space and time <ref type="bibr" coords="1,391.54,510.16,159.12,8.76" target="#b13">(Kelso, Southard, &amp; Goodman, 1979a</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,550.66,510.16,4.57,8.76;1,310.50,522.16,23.50,8.76" target="#b11">, 1979b</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,342.89,522.16,62.62,8.76" target="#b27">Schöner, 1990)</ref>, and the agent has access to the state of the lifting hand-information that will help in predicting the timing and extent of the perturbation. We refer to this as the bimanual condition. Predicting the perturbation caused by another person's lifting action is harder, because internal information about the perturbation is missing. There is one exception to this: When two waiters simultaneously lift glasses off each other's trays, they could use information about their own lifting to predict the timing of the other's lifting action. We refer to the case in which coactors take turns lifting glasses from 683015P SSXXX10.1177/0956797616683015Pezzulo et al.Joint Lifting: Avoiding Accidents at a Champagne Reception research-article2017 each other's trays as the sequential joint condition and the case in which they lift the glasses simultaneously as the simultaneous joint condition.</p><p>Comparing compensatory movements across these three conditions (bimanual, sequential joint, and simultaneous joint) allowed us to test two alternative views of how prediction supports joint action. In principle, coactors may combine two sets of forward models (one for the self and one for the other) to predict joint outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="2,249.54,165.77,42.92,8.76;2,48.00,177.77,66.44,8.76" target="#b30">(Sebanz &amp; Knoblich, 2009)</ref>. In this case, predicting the timing and extent of one's own lifting action should not help in compensating for another person's lifting action. Alternatively, coactors may reuse a bimanual model for the joint lifting action. That is, they may coordinate the action plans of the self and other in the same way that they coordinate the plans for their left and right hands when they lift a glass from their own tray, so that the movements of their right hand, for example, are reused to predict the other person's right-hand movement. In this case, predicting the timing and extent of one's own lifting action should help in compensating for another person's lifting action. Thus, if a bimanual model is reused, it should be easier to compensate for the weight change in the simultaneous joint condition than in the sequential joint condition.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Twenty right-handed participants (ages 21-32 years) with normal vision were tested in dyads. The 2 participants forming a dyad faced each other at a comfortable interpersonal distance <ref type="figure" coords="2,110.90,429.77,33.45,8.76" target="#fig_0">(Fig. 1a)</ref>. Their dominant hand was free to move, and their nondominant hand balanced a tray at an elbow angle of 90°. A "glass" (cylindrical object with a diameter of 4 cm and a height of 12 cm) was positioned on each tray. Participants' hand movements were measured using TrakSTAR (Ascension Technology, www.ascensiontech.com) sensors attached to the back of their hands.</p><p>Participants were instructed to keep the tray at a constant position. In the bimanual condition, they simultaneously lifted the glasses from their own trays. In the simultaneous-joint condition, participants simultaneously lifted the glasses from each other's trays. In the sequentialjoint condition, they took turns in lifting the glasses from each other's trays. We also included two control conditions. In the first control condition, participants did not lift the glasses but held in their free hands a glass that weighed the same as the glass that was lifted from their tray (by another participant). This condition controlled for the possibility that any difference in compensatory movement between the simultaneous joint and sequential joint conditions might be due to the fact that information about the weight of the glass was available throughout the compensatory phase in the former but not the latter condition. In the second control condition, each participant lifted a glass from a table while the glass on his or her tray was simultaneously lifted off the tray by another participant. This condition controlled for the possibility that any difference in compensatory movement between the simultaneous joint and sequential joint conditions might be due to the mere execution of a simultaneous lifting task (which might, e.g., activate coherent action-perception loops or improve balance control) rather than to a bidirectional and symmetric interaction between the coactors.</p><p>Each participant performed 20 trials in each condition. After each trial, participants themselves repositioned the glass they had lifted to its original position. The order of the three experimental conditions and the two control conditions was counterbalanced.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Our measure of the compensatory movements of the hand holding the tray was the integral of the movement curve on the vertical axis ( <ref type="figure" coords="2,429.07,285.77,33.15,8.76" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1b)</ref> from the start of the perturbation (i.e., 0 ms) until 300 ms after the perturbation. The integral merges compensatory hand movements in the up and down directions. A one-way analysis of variance revealed a significant effect of condition, F(4, 95) = 19.3211, p &lt; .001, Cohen's f = 0.9. Post hoc analyses (Tukey's test) revealed that participants' compensatory movements in the simultaneous joint condition were significantly reduced compared with their compensatory movements in the sequential joint condition (p &lt; .001) and the two control conditions (both ps &lt; .001) but still larger than their compensatory movements in the bimanual condition (p &lt; .001; see Figs. 1c and 1d). Furthermore, compensatory movements in the sequential joint condition were significantly different from those in the first control condition (p &lt; .05). Compensatory movements in the second control condition were not significantly different from compensatory movements in the sequential joint or the first control condition. We performed the same analysis for the period of time preceding the perturbation (from −300 ms to 0 ms) but found no significant differences between conditions (all ps &gt; .05).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Participants' compensatory tray-balancing movements were reduced when they lifted one another's glasses simultaneously compared with when they lifted one another's glasses sequentially. This result indicates that predicting and having access to the timing and outcomes of their own lifting actions helped participants to compensate for the effects of another person's lifting action.</p><p>Differences in cognitive or attentional load cannot explain the present findings. Such differences would predict the opposite pattern: In the simultaneous joint condition, participants were required to process their own and their partner's movements at the same time, whereas in the sequential joint condition, they could fully devote their resources to predicting the outcomes of their partner's observed action. The results obtained in the two control conditions rule out the possibilities that the reduced compensation during simultaneous joint action was due to access to weight information throughout the compensatory-movement phase (i.e., compensation was smaller in the simultaneous joint condition than in the first control condition) or due to the mere simultaneous execution of a lifting action (i.e., compensation was smaller in the simultaneous joint condition than in the second control condition). A substantial reduction in compensatory movement occurred only when coactors performed simultaneous and reciprocal joint actions. The pattern of results implies that coactors do not always combine two sets of forward models (one for the self and one for the other) to predict joint-action outcomes. Rather, the results can be readily explained by the assumption that participants reused a bimanual model while performing simultaneous joint action. <ref type="figure" coords="4,512.80,686.77,42.22,8.76">Figure 2a</ref> illustrates how a bimanual model from optimal-control theory <ref type="bibr" coords="4,341.04,710.77,162.42,8.76" target="#b6">(Diedrichsen, Shadmehr, &amp; Ivry, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,506.42,710.77,48.56,8.76" target="#b28">Scott, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> </p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="4,50.15,71.34,279.54,207.39">a c b d X C X l X l X r X T u l u r X r X G</formula><p>Step 1: Agent 1 Lifts the Glass</p><p>Step 2: Agent 2 Lifts the Glass . . .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Bimanual Model Unimanual Models Bimanual Model in Simultaneous Joint Action</head><p>Sequential Joint Action</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="4,50.15,116.02,491.88,357.66">u r u I u r X l u l X C X C X r X r X T X G u r X l u l X r X I X r X G u I X I X T u r u I u r Fig. 2.</formula><p>Optimal-control models for the three experimental conditions. In a bimanual model for the bimanual condition (i.e., lifting a glass from a tray one is holding), the control of the left hand and the control of the right hand are interdependent (a); that is, the motor commands for both hands (u l and u r ) depend on the estimations of hand states (X l , X r ), as well as a shared variable (X C ) representing the estimated state of the tray's height (see the solid lines between variables). Furthermore, it is possible to estimate (X C ) on the basis of both X l and X r (see the dashed lines). This situation promotes a coordinated unfolding of motor plans for the two hands (see the shaded rectangle). If the same situation were hypothetically cast in terms of two unimanual models, then the control of the left hand would be independent of the control of the right hand (b); that is, the control of the left and right hands would depend on two separate sets of internal variables-X T and X l for the left hand and X G and X r for the right hand-and this would prevent the unfolding of coordinated motor programs that is a hallmark of bimanual control. A bimanual model could be reused (i.e., applied to two agents rather than two arms) in the simultaneous joint condition (c). Performance in the sequential joint condition is better described in terms of a separate unimanual model for each agent (d). See the main text for additional explanation. For the sake of simplicity, we have omitted temporal indices from the models. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.00,69.77,94.94,8.76" target="#b31">Shadmehr et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,145.86,69.77,59.42,8.76" target="#b32">Todorov, 2004</ref>) might describe the situation of an agent lifting a glass off a tray with the right hand while keeping the tray at a constant height with the left hand. X C represents the estimated state of the tray's height; X l and X r represent the estimated states (e.g., posture and velocity) of the left and right hands, respectively; and u l and u r represent the motor commands sent to the left and right hands, respectively (or, alternatively, expected proprioception in active-inference schemes; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.00,177.77,131.41,8.76" target="#b0">Adams, Shipp, &amp; Friston, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,182.40,177.77,110.27,8.76;5,48.00,189.77,21.83,8.76" target="#b24">Pezzulo, Rigoli, &amp; Friston, 2015)</ref>. Estimation of tray height and hand states (X C , X l , X r ) depends on current sensations as well as predictions generated by internal models. If the estimate for tray height (X C ) deviates from the desired state because of an expected weight reduction (e.g., a weight reduction generated by the same agent), the system can generate predictions of the appropriate motor commands (u l ) that would keep the tray at the desired height in the face of the perturbation-and hence, exert accurate control. It is important to note that in this bimanual model, the same variable (X C ) influences the motor commands for both hands (see the arrows from X C to both u l and u r ). In other words, tray height is controlled through coordinated actions of the two hands, which implies that the hand lifting the glass contributes to keeping the tray stable. The same bimanual model can be applied to the simultaneous joint condition <ref type="figure" coords="5,177.36,381.77,35.33,8.76">(Fig. 2c)</ref>. In this case, the control commands of Agent 1 affect the state of the hands of Agent 2 by operating on Agent 2's tray. Similarly, the control commands of Agent 2 affect the state of the hands of Agent 1 by operating on Agent 1's tray. This promotes coordination of both the two agents' actions (coordination analogous to the coordination of the left and right hands in bimanual control, shown in <ref type="figure" coords="5,207.39,465.77,27.02,8.76">Fig. 2a</ref>) and the two agents' internal variables. As in the bimanual case, each actor can use the state of both his or her left hand (X l ) and his or her right hand (X r ) to estimate the tray's height (X C ); each actor can also use the prediction (or corollary discharge; von Holst &amp; Mittelstaedt, 1950) of his or her own lifting action to compensate for the other actor's lifting action. Because the effect of Agent 1's own hand movement on the height of Agent 2's tray is synchronous with and very similar to the effect of Agent 2's hand movement on Agent 1's own tray, Agent 1 can use the state of his or her hand (X r ) vicariously to estimate the timing and impact of Agent 2's hand movement on Agent 1's own tray-and in turn, to produce precise compensatory movements. And, of course, the same reasoning applies to Agent 2's control of his or her own tray. Furthermore, as in single-agent bimanual control, the lifting movement of each agent can effectively contribute to keeping the other agent's tray stable. In sum, using a bimanual model in the simultaneous joint condition, the coactors can effectively engage in an interpersonal feedback loop. For Agent 1, Agent 2's movements are treated as if they were performed by Agent 1's own limbs, and for Agent 2, Agent 1's movements are treated as if they were performed by Agent 2's own limbs.</p><p>Joint action in the sequential joint condition <ref type="figure" coords="5,518.21,117.77,32.03,8.76">(Fig. 2d</ref>) is better understood in terms of two unimanual actions (lift and then hold or vice versa) of the two actors. Unimanual models of hand movement assume that the control of the left hand and control of the right hand are independent. For example, <ref type="figure" coords="5,431.48,177.77,41.38,8.76">Figure 2b</ref> shows (hypothetical) unimanual models for an actor performing two actions in parallel: lifting with the right hand and holding a tray in the left hand. In a unimanual model for the sequential joint condition, estimates of tray height depend only on the state of the hand holding the tray (X l ), and an actor cannot compensate for the other actor's lifting (see <ref type="figure" coords="5,310.50,261.77,28.46,8.76">Fig. 2d</ref>) by using the state of his or her other hand (X r ) to estimate the motor commands needed to keep the tray at a stable height. Although there is a theoretical possibility that actors could apply their bimanual models to sequential joint action as well, our results show that reuse of bimanual models is effective only for actions that are very close together in time (synchronous). Even if the actor holding the tray used the state of his or her right hand (X r ) to estimate the tray's height (X C ), that estimate would be imprecise given the large differences (e.g., time lag) between the two lifting actions. Thus, the bimanual model would be ineffective.</p><p>Although participants could have used a bimanual model in the second control condition, they would have received no benefit from using it because the internal control variables and action plans used by the two coactors overlapped less than in the simultaneous joint condition. This is because the joint action was not reciprocal in the second control condition, and the motor commands of the agent who lifted the glass from the table did not affect the state of the agent who lifted the glass from the tray (i.e., the loop between the two coactors was not closed). This, in turn, prevented the alignment of internal control variables and the resulting coordinated unfolding of action plans that is a hallmark of bimanual models. Whereas the agent who lifted the glass from the table could use the sensed weight perturbations to adjust his or her internal variables (and lifting actions) to be closer to the other agent's internal variables (and lifting actions), the agent who lifted the glass from the tray could not do the same, as he or she lacked equivalent (proprioceptive) error signals-hence, the overlap between the two agents' internal variables was poorer than in the simultaneous joint condition. The agent who lifted the glass from the table could not use the state of his or her hand to estimate the perturbations produced by the other agent and compensate for them; nor could the latter agent's actions be considered as part of a coordinated program to keep his coactor's tray balanced, as was the case in the simultaneous joint condition. The absence of a benefit from reusing a bimanual model in the second control condition suggests that the bimanual scheme is effective only when the coactors are reciprocally coupled and their plans and predictions can unfold coherently in time <ref type="bibr" coords="6,269.51,129.77,23.15,8.76;6,48.00,141.77,88.68,8.76" target="#b17">(Noy, Dekel, &amp; Alon, 2011)</ref>.</p><p>To sum up, our findings can be interpreted in terms of a reuse of bimanual models in simultaneous joint actions. Using a bimanual model was more effective in compensating for another person's lifting action (simultaneous joint condition) than was predicting the other person's action (e.g., the timing and amplitude of the perturbation) from observing his or her movement (sequential joint condition), but using a bimanual model to compensate for another person's lifting action was less effective than compensating for one's own lifting action (bimanual condition). The latter result was expected because using one's own model to specify motor commands will be more accurate for one's own actions than for another person's actions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,119.60,309.77,137.98,8.76" target="#b9">(Keller, Knoblich, &amp; Repp, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>It is possible that participants used preparatory strategies (e.g., tensing the arm holding the tray) as part of their tray-balancing control. However, the use of such strategies cannot fully explain our findings, as these strategies could be applied in all the conditions (e.g., even if one cannot exactly predict the timing of perturbation, one can maintain an isometric contraction of the arm for a sufficiently long period). The lack of significant differences between conditions in arm movements preceding the perturbation supports this interpretation.</p><p>Also, participants may have used reflexive reactions in addition to (or instead of) the more sophisticated control schemes discussed here; for example, they may have exclusively used feedback information (not predictions) to compensate for the change in weight (such reactions would be analogous to reactive postural adjustments; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.00,513.77,240.40,8.76" target="#b1">Alexandrov, Frolov, Horak, Carlson-Kuhta, &amp; Park, 2005)</ref>. However, the use of reactive strategies based only on feedback cannot fully explain our findings. Given that the change in weight was the same in all conditions, it is unclear why reactive strategies to proprioceptive feedback would have produced differential adjustments in our experimental conditions. And compensatory adjustments based on visual feedback should have been better, not worse, in the sequential joint condition than in the simultaneous joint condition, as in the former condition participants could devote their full attention to the coactor's movements and therefore should have had better visual-feedback information.</p><p>Another possibility is that participants used a more nuanced scheme based on corollary discharges of their own actions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,108.54,693.77,116.24,8.76" target="#b5">(Crapse &amp; Sommer, 2008)</ref>. That is, they could have used these corollary discharges to directly cancel out the perturbations created by their coactors' movements when these signals were comparable (i.e., in the simultaneous joint and second control conditions). This explanation would not be incompatible with what we are proposing here; rather, it can be considered a special case of (optimal) motor control that uses only corollary discharges instead of full state estimation (which can also incorporate, e.g., visual information) to derive a control policy that keeps the tray balanced.</p><p>The current results imply that learning coordination within the self can help with learning how to coordinate with other people, particularly when one is performing the same actions synchronously with another person <ref type="bibr" coords="6,310.50,237.77,244.48,8.76" target="#b3">(Candidi, Curioni, Donnarumma, Sacheli, &amp; Pezzulo, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,310.50,249.77,96.76,8.76" target="#b8">Friston &amp; Frith, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,412.83,249.77,53.57,8.76" target="#b12">Kelso, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,471.97,249.77,83.22,8.76;6,310.50,261.77,73.18,8.76" target="#b14">Marsh, Richardson, &amp; Schmidt, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,387.17,261.77,61.79,8.76" target="#b18">Pezzulo, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,452.45,261.77,102.57,8.76" target="#b21">Pezzulo &amp; Dindo, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,310.50,273.77,186.83,8.76" target="#b22">Pezzulo, Donnarumma, &amp; Dindo, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,505.00,273.77,50.20,8.76;6,310.50,285.77,200.18,8.76" target="#b25">Richardson, Marsh, Isenhower, Goodman, &amp; Schmidt, 2007)</ref>. Performing identical actions at the same time is frequent-in singing, ensemble music <ref type="bibr" coords="6,427.61,309.77,127.60,8.76;6,310.50,321.77,21.83,8.76" target="#b10">(Keller, Novembre, &amp; Hove, 2014)</ref>, and dance <ref type="bibr" coords="6,386.83,321.77,63.14,8.76" target="#b15">(McNeill, 1997)</ref>; in sport activities, such as joint juggling and gymnastics; in performance theater and improvisation, such as the mirror game, in which two actors attempt to spontaneously perform the same movements at the same time <ref type="bibr" coords="6,442.77,369.77,75.03,8.76" target="#b17">(Noy et al., 2011)</ref>; and in cultural rituals, such as military marching or church singing <ref type="bibr" coords="6,330.46,393.77,123.50,8.76" target="#b35">(Wiltermuth &amp; Heath, 2009</ref>). Furthermore, many mundane joint actions, such as lifting or transporting objects together, resemble the task we studied in that they require two agents to coordinate their actions on a very fine-grained time scale to balance objects together. An interesting case that has been studied in detail is joint improvisation in the mirror game <ref type="bibr" coords="6,462.72,465.77,75.26,8.76" target="#b17">(Noy et al., 2011)</ref>; in this game, performing the same action synchronously might be an intentional strategy used to dissolve the boundary between self and other <ref type="bibr" coords="6,463.03,501.77,87.85,8.76" target="#b29">(Sebanz et al., 2006)</ref>. Finally, the current findings suggest that during simultaneous joint action, coactors form a joint plan that does not necessarily separate each actor's contributions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,310.50,549.77,64.58,8.76" target="#b19">(Pezzulo, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,377.76,549.77,177.25,8.76" target="#b23">Pezzulo, Iodice, Ferraina, &amp; Kessler, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,310.50,561.77,201.68,8.76" target="#b33">Vesper, Butterfill, Knoblich, &amp; Sebanz, 2010)</ref>. From a computational perspective, this can be achieved when two interacting agents who share the same generative (forward) models align their actions and predictions during an interaction <ref type="bibr" coords="6,387.62,609.77,91.40,8.76" target="#b8">(Friston &amp; Frith, 2015)</ref>. Our results raise the possibility that simultaneous joint actions may afford an agent-neutral stance, whereas sequential joint actions may afford a stance that distinguishes between self and other.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Action Editor</head><p>Marc J. Buehner served as action editor for this article.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="3,500.87,691.65,7.01,14.45;3,500.87,681.88,7.01,7.14;3,500.87,632.60,7.01,45.28;3,500.87,611.43,7.01,18.56;3,500.87,596.01,7.01,12.80;3,500.87,569.40,7.01,24.00;3,500.87,553.66,7.01,13.12;3,500.87,517.44,7.01,33.60;3,500.87,495.31,7.01,19.52;3,500.87,485.81,7.01,6.88;3,500.87,472.48,7.01,10.72;3,500.87,451.30,7.01,18.56;3,500.87,439.08,7.01,9.60;3,500.87,418.07,7.01,18.40;3,500.87,404.73,7.01,10.72;3,500.87,360.68,7.01,41.44;3,500.87,332.30,7.01,25.76;3,500.87,323.60,7.01,6.08;3,500.87,310.27,7.01,10.72;3,500.87,273.25,7.01,34.40;3,500.87,263.76,7.01,6.88;3,500.87,245.14,7.01,16.00;3,500.87,229.56,7.01,12.96;3,500.87,208.71,7.01,18.24;3,500.87,176.49,7.01,29.60;3,500.87,161.08,7.01,12.80;3,500.87,142.94,7.01,15.52;3,500.87,114.56,7.01,25.76;3,500.87,105.87,7.01,6.08;3,500.87,92.53,7.01,10.72;3,500.87,76.96,7.01,12.96;3,510.37,699.22,7.01,6.88;3,510.37,680.44,7.01,16.00;3,510.37,664.71,7.01,12.96;3,510.37,644.01,7.01,17.92;3,510.37,611.64,7.01,29.60;3,510.37,602.30,7.01,6.56;3,510.37,588.80,7.01,10.72;3,510.37,554.19,7.01,31.84;3,510.37,518.93,7.01,32.48;3,510.37,499.04,7.01,17.12;3,510.37,483.46,7.01,12.80;3,510.37,469.96,7.01,10.72;3,510.37,454.23,7.01,12.96;3,510.37,436.41,7.01,15.04;3,510.37,397.96,7.01,35.68;3,510.37,362.86,7.01,32.32;3,510.37,353.04,7.01,7.04;3,510.37,339.55,7.01,10.72;3,510.37,291.65,7.01,45.12;3,510.37,273.84,7.01,15.04;3,510.37,236.50,7.01,34.56;3,510.37,194.04,7.01,39.68;3,510.37,174.31,7.01,16.96;3,510.37,137.93,7.01,33.60;3,510.37,128.44,7.01,6.72;3,510.37,116.86,7.01,8.80;3,510.37,103.36,7.01,10.72;3,510.37,76.91,7.01,23.68;3,519.87,689.94,7.01,16.16;3,519.87,671.98,7.01,15.52;3,519.87,653.54,7.01,16.00;3,519.87,644.06,7.01,7.04;3,519.87,590.42,7.01,51.20;3,519.87,580.94,7.01,7.04;3,519.87,548.26,7.01,30.24;3,519.87,538.78,7.01,7.04;3,519.87,525.62,7.01,10.72;3,519.87,488.30,7.01,34.88;3,519.87,470.82,7.01,15.04;3,519.87,433.82,7.01,34.56;3,519.87,391.70,7.01,39.68;3,519.87,372.30,7.01,16.96;3,519.87,350.02,7.01,19.84;3,519.87,340.86,7.01,6.72;3,519.87,324.02,7.01,14.40;3,519.87,304.46,7.01,17.12;3,519.87,295.46,7.01,6.56;3,519.87,273.50,7.01,19.52;3,519.87,260.34,7.01,10.72;3,519.87,234.22,7.01,23.68;3,519.87,215.62,7.01,16.16;3,519.87,197.18,7.01,16.00;3,519.87,171.86,7.01,22.88;3,519.87,151.34,7.01,18.08;3,519.87,135.78,7.01,13.12;3,519.87,109.02,7.01,24.32;3,519.87,93.78,7.01,12.80;3,519.87,76.94,7.01,14.40;3,529.36,699.54,7.01,6.56;3,529.36,686.89,7.01,10.24;3,529.36,655.52,7.01,28.96;3,529.36,642.40,7.01,10.72;3,529.36,625.11,7.01,14.88;3,529.36,600.14,7.01,22.56;3,529.36,590.85,7.01,6.88;3,529.36,577.72,7.01,10.72;3,529.36,550.68,7.01,24.64;3,529.36,508.75,7.01,39.52;3,529.36,499.46,7.01,6.88;3,529.36,486.33,7.01,10.72;3,529.36,466.64,7.01,17.28;3,529.36,438.00,7.01,26.24;3,529.36,424.87,7.01,10.72;3,529.36,409.66,7.01,12.80;3,529.36,386.13,7.01,21.12;3,529.36,374.28,7.01,9.44;3,529.36,327.08,7.01,44.80;3,529.36,308.51,7.01,16.16;3,529.36,271.22,7.01,34.88;3,529.36,260.33,7.01,8.48;3,529.36,233.28,7.01,24.64;3,529.36,210.08,7.01,20.80;3,529.36,194.55,7.01,13.12;3,529.36,169.58,7.01,22.56;3,529.36,152.77,7.01,14.40;3,529.36,131.96,7.01,18.40;3,529.36,118.84,7.01,10.72;3,529.36,76.91,7.01,39.52;3,538.86,693.30,7.01,12.80;3,538.86,645.30,7.01,45.60;3,538.86,633.30,7.01,9.60;3,538.86,620.18,7.01,10.72;3,538.86,594.58,7.01,23.20;3,538.86,567.54,7.01,24.64;3,538.86,541.46,7.01,23.68;3,538.86,530.58,7.01,8.48;3,538.86,517.46,7.01,10.72;3,538.86,498.58,7.01,16.48;3,538.86,476.98,7.01,19.20;3,538.86,455.22,7.01,19.36;3,538.86,439.70,7.01,13.12;3,538.86,421.30,7.01,16.00;3,538.86,397.30,7.01,21.60;3,538.86,384.18,7.01,10.72;3,538.86,356.18,7.01,25.60;3,538.86,344.34,7.01,9.44;3,538.86,316.18,7.01,25.76;3,538.86,297.62,7.01,16.16;3,538.86,288.18,7.01,7.04;3,538.86,275.06,7.01,10.72;3,538.86,243.86,7.01,28.80;3,538.86,234.58,7.01,6.88;3,538.86,183.86,7.01,48.32;3,538.86,139.86,7.01,41.60;3,538.86,124.34,7.01,13.12;3,538.86,110.90,7.01,11.04;3,538.86,88.66,7.01,19.84;3,538.86,76.82,7.01,9.44;3,548.35,684.50,7.01,21.60;3,548.35,671.09,7.01,10.72;3,548.35,641.84,7.01,26.56;3,548.35,632.28,7.01,6.88;3,548.35,618.87,7.01,10.72;3,548.35,601.30,7.01,14.88;3,548.35,550.29,7.01,48.32;3,548.35,511.28,7.01,36.32;3,548.35,472.60,7.01,36.00;3,548.35,463.35,7.01,6.56;3,548.35,444.66,7.01,16.00;3,548.35,435.09,7.01,6.88;3,548.35,421.68,7.01,10.72;3,548.35,406.52,7.01,12.48;3,548.35,359.03,7.01,44.80;3,548.35,318.58,7.01,37.76;3,548.35,298.77,7.01,17.12;3,548.35,281.84,7.01,14.24;3,548.35,247.16,7.01,32.00;3,548.35,235.99,7.01,8.48;3,548.35,216.77,7.01,16.53;3,548.35,184.00,7.01,30.08;3,548.35,154.44,7.01,26.88;3,548.35,117.03,7.01,34.72;3,548.35,76.90,7.01,37.44;3,557.85,699.18,7.01,6.92;3,557.85,692.03,7.01,4.48;3,557.85,670.32,7.01,19.04;3,557.85,654.52,7.01,13.12;3,557.85,639.21,7.01,12.64;3,557.85,616.70,7.01,19.84;3,557.85,603.79,7.01,10.24;3,557.85,579.52,7.01,21.60;3,557.85,566.12,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,536.89,7.01,26.56;3,557.85,519.34,7.01,14.88;3,557.85,494.11,7.01,22.56;3,557.85,484.56,7.01,6.88;3,557.85,457.24,7.01,24.64;3,557.85,418.25,7.01,36.32;3,557.85,408.70,7.01,6.88;3,557.85,395.31,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,375.36,7.01,17.28;3,557.85,346.44,7.01,26.24;3,557.85,333.05,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,317.58,7.01,12.80;3,557.85,308.35,7.01,6.56;3,557.85,289.68,7.01,16.00;3,557.85,280.12,7.01,6.88;3,557.85,266.73,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,226.30,7.01,37.76;3,557.85,212.91,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,199.52,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,175.14,7.01,21.70;3,557.85,168.47,7.01,4.00;3,557.85,146.76,7.01,19.04;3,557.85,137.36,7.01,6.72;3,557.85,123.97,7.01,10.72;3,557.85,99.86,7.01,21.44;3,557.85,90.31,7.01,6.88;3,557.85,76.92,7.01,10.72;3,567.35,688.82,7.01,17.28;3,567.35,680.18,7.01,6.08;3,567.35,666.90,7.01,10.72;3,567.35,629.94,7.01,34.40;3,567.35,620.50,7.01,6.88;3,567.35,601.94,7.01,16.00;3,567.35,584.34,7.01,15.04;3,567.35,568.66,7.01,13.12;3,567.35,545.62,7.01,20.48;3,567.35,518.58,7.01,24.48;3,567.35,505.30,7.01,10.72;3,567.35,478.58,7.01,24.16;3,567.35,460.18,7.01,15.84;3,567.35,451.06,7.01,6.56;3,567.35,438.26,7.01,10.24;3,567.35,403.70,7.01,32.00;3,567.35,392.66,7.01,8.48;3,567.35,373.57,7.01,16.53"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Experimental setup and results. The top-down views of the setup (a) show the participants' posture at the beginning of each trial (dark shading) and their posture at the end of each trial (light shading) in the bimanual condition (top) and the two joint conditions (bottom). In the simultaneous joint condition, participants were instructed to lift the glasses from their trays as simultaneously as possible. In the sequential joint condition, participants were asked to take turns in lifting the glasses from each other's trays. The sample raw data in (b) illustrate the time course of the vertical movements of the hand holding the tray across six experimental trials (delimited by vertical lines). The purple dots show the movements that compensated for the weight change caused by the glass being lifted. The inset shows the integral (in yellow) used as the measure of compensatory movements. The bar graph (c) shows the average of the total compensatory movement performed in each of the five experimental conditions. Error bars represent ±1 SEM. Asterisks indicate significant differences (p &lt; .001). The line graph (d) shows the average time course of vertical movement of the hand holding the tray in each of the conditions. On the y-axis, 0 refers to the height of the hand at the beginning of each trial. The bands around the plotted lines in (d) represent ±1 SEM.</figDesc></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The authors declared that they had no conflicts of interest with respect to their authorship or the publication of this article. </p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Author Contributions</head><p>G. Pezzulo developed the study concept. All the authors contributed to the study design. Testing and data collection were performed by P. Iodice and H. Dindo. P. Iodice and F. Donnarumma performed the data analysis and interpretation under the supervision of G. Pezzulo and G. Knoblich. All the authors wrote the manuscript and approved the final version of the manuscript for submission.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Declaration of Conflicting Interests</head></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,323.40,244.48,7.88;7,64.00,334.39,228.51,7.88;7,64.00,345.39,228.50,7.88;7,64.00,356.39,41.76,7.88" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predictions not commands: Active inference in the motor system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Shipp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Friston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s00429-012-0475-5</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain Structure &amp; Function</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">218</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="611" to="643" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,367.39,244.47,7.88;7,64.00,378.39,228.53,7.88;7,64.00,389.38,228.50,7.88;7,64.00,400.38,137.16,7.88" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feedback equilibrium control during human standing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Alexandrov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Frolov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Horak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Carlson-Kuhta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.-K</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s00422-005-0004-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biological Cybernetics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="322" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,411.38,244.51,7.88;7,64.00,422.38,228.49,7.88;7,64.00,433.38,128.13,7.88" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Joint-action coordination of redundant force contributions in a virtual lifting task</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bosga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Meulenbroek</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Motor Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="235" to="258" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,444.37,244.48,7.88;7,64.00,455.37,228.51,7.88;7,64.00,466.37,228.51,7.88;7,64.00,477.37,228.50,7.88;7,64.00,488.37,100.08,7.88" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interactional leader-follower sensorimotor communication strategies during repetitive joint actions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Candidi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Curioni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Donnarumma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sacheli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1098/rsif.2015.0644</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Royal Society Interface</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,499.36,244.49,7.88;7,64.00,510.36,108.54,7.88" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Using language</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,521.36,244.47,7.88;7,64.00,532.36,228.49,7.88;7,64.00,543.36,125.71,7.88" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corollary discharge across the animal kingdom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Crapse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sommer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/nrn2457</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Reviews Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="587" to="600" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,554.35,244.53,7.88;7,64.00,565.35,228.48,7.88;7,64.00,576.35,228.51,7.88;7,64.00,587.35,47.52,7.88" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The coordination of movement: Optimal feedback control and beyond</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Diedrichsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Shadmehr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Ivry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.tics.2009.11.004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,598.35,244.51,7.88;7,64.00,609.34,48.92,7.88" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What is optimal about motor control?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Friston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuron</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="488" to="498" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,620.34,244.51,7.88;7,64.00,631.34,110.40,7.88" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A duet for one</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Friston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Frith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Consciousness and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="390" to="405" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,642.34,244.49,7.88;7,64.00,653.34,228.52,7.88;7,64.00,664.33,228.48,7.88;7,64.00,675.33,222.72,7.88" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pianists duet better when they play with themselves: On the possible role of action simulation in synchronization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Keller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Knoblich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Repp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.concog.2005.12.004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Consciousness and Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="102" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,686.33,244.48,7.88;7,64.00,697.33,228.49,7.88;7,326.51,69.62,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,80.62,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,91.62,163.84,7.88" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rhythm in joint action: Psychological and neurophysiological mechanisms for real-time interpersonal coordination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Keller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Novembre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hove</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1098/rstb.2013.0394</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">369</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,102.62,244.49,7.88;7,326.51,113.62,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,124.61,42.84,7.88" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the nature of human interlimb coordination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kelso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Southard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Goodman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">203</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1029" to="1031" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,135.61,244.48,7.88;7,326.51,146.61,196.42,7.88" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Dynamic patterns: The self-organization of brain and behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A S</forename><surname>Kelso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,157.61,244.51,7.88;7,326.51,168.61,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,179.60,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,190.60,43.99,7.88" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the coordination of two-handed movements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A S</forename><surname>Kelso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Southard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Goodman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="238" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,201.60,244.49,7.88;7,326.51,212.60,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,223.60,183.06,7.88" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social connection through joint action and interpersonal coordination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Marsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Richardson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Topics in Cognitive Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="320" to="339" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,234.59,244.49,7.88;7,326.51,245.59,228.49,7.88;7,326.51,256.59,22.14,7.88" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Keeping together in time: Dance and drill in human history</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mcneill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.50,267.59,244.49,7.88;7,326.51,278.59,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,289.58,136.26,7.88" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Forward models for physiological motor control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Miall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wolpert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0893-6080(96)00035-4</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neural Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1265" to="1279" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,300.58,244.46,7.88;7,326.51,311.58,228.53,7.88;7,326.51,322.58,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,333.58,139.03,7.88" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The mirror game as a paradigm for studying the dynamics of two people improvising motion together</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Noy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Dekel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Alon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20947" to="20952" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,344.57,244.49,7.88;7,326.51,355.57,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,366.57,43.99,7.88" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Shared representations as coordination tools for interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Philosophy and Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="303" to="333" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,377.57,244.52,7.88;7,326.51,388.57,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,399.56,169.20,7.88" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Studying mirror mechanisms within generative and predictive architectures for joint action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.cortex.2013.06.008</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cortex</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2968" to="2969" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,410.56,244.47,7.88;7,326.51,421.56,228.49,7.88;7,326.51,432.56,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,443.56,112.14,7.88" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Navigating the affordance landscape: Feedback control as a process model of behavior and cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cisek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.tics.2016.03.013</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="414" to="424" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,454.55,244.50,7.88;7,326.51,465.55,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,476.55,171.99,7.88" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What should I do next? Using shared representations to solve interaction problems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Dindo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Experimental Brain Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">211</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="613" to="630" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,487.55,244.51,7.88;7,326.51,498.55,228.47,7.88;7,326.51,509.54,228.49,7.88;7,326.51,520.54,130.50,7.88" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human sensorimotor communication: A theory of signaling in online social interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Donnarumma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Dindo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1371/journal.pone.0079876</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Article e79876</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,531.54,244.53,7.88;7,326.51,542.54,228.53,7.88;7,326.51,553.54,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,564.53,228.48,7.88;7,326.51,575.53,118.08,7.88" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Shared action spaces: A basis function framework for social recalibration of sensorimotor representations supporting joint action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Iodice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ferraina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kessler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3389/fnhum.2013.00800</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">800</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,586.53,244.53,7.88;7,326.51,597.53,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,608.53,145.50,7.88" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Active inference, homeostatic regulation and adaptive behavioural control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pezzulo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Rigoli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Friston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Progress in Neurobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">134</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,619.52,244.51,7.88;7,326.51,630.52,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,641.52,228.51,7.88;7,326.51,652.52,228.49,7.88;7,326.51,663.52,76.86,7.88" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rocking together: Dynamics of intentional and unintentional interpersonal coordination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Richardson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Marsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Isenhower</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R L</forename><surname>Goodman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/j .humov.2007.07.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Movement Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="867" to="891" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,310.51,674.51,244.50,7.88;7,326.51,685.51,228.50,7.88;7,326.51,696.51,156.42,7.88" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Etiquette and effort holding doors for others</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Santamaria</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rosenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0956797611406444</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="584" to="588" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.00,69.69,244.48,7.88;8,64.00,80.69,206.88,7.88" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A dynamic theory of coordination of discrete movement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Schöner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biological Cybernetics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="270" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.00,91.69,244.53,7.88;8,64.00,102.69,228.50,7.88;8,64.00,113.69,200.97,7.88" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The computational and neural basis of voluntary motor control and planning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.tics.2012.09.008</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="541" to="549" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.00,124.68,244.52,7.88;8,64.00,135.68,228.52,7.88;8,64.00,146.68,191.97,7.88" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Joint action: Bodies and minds moving together</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Sebanz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Bekkering</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Knoblich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.tics.2005.12.009</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="70" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.00,157.68,244.48,7.88;8,64.00,168.68,228.50,7.88;8,64.00,179.67,33.84,7.88" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prediction in joint action: What, when, and where</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Sebanz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Knoblich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Topics in Cognitive Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="353" to="367" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,48.00,190.67,244.53,7.88;8,64.00,201.67,228.48,7.88;8,64.00,212.67,228.50,7.88;8,64.00,223.67,164.52,7.88" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Error correction, sensory prediction, and adaptation in motor control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Shadmehr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Krakauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev-neuro-060909-153135</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="108" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.50,69.67,244.49,7.88;8,326.51,80.66,225.94,7.88" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Optimality principles in sensorimotor control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Todorov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/nn1309</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="907" to="915" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.50,91.66,244.53,7.88;8,326.51,102.66,228.50,7.88;8,326.51,113.66,167.40,7.88" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A minimal architecture for joint action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Vesper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Butterfill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Knoblich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Sebanz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.neunet.2010.06.002</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neural Networks</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="998" to="1003" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.50,124.66,244.47,7.88;8,326.51,135.65,228.47,7.88;8,326.51,146.65,191.58,7.88" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The reafference principle: Interaction between the central nervous system and the periphery</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Von Holst</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Mittelstaedt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Naturwissenschaften</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="464" to="476" />
			<date type="published" when="1950" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.50,157.65,244.53,7.88;8,326.51,168.65,228.49,7.88;8,326.51,179.65,70.20,7.88" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Synchrony and cooperation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wiltermuth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Heath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9280.2008.02253.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="5" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,310.50,190.64,244.54,7.88;8,326.51,201.64,228.47,7.88;8,326.51,212.64,228.52,7.88;8,326.51,223.64,194.16,7.88" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A unifying computational framework for motor control and social interaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wolpert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Doya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kawato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1098/rstb.2002.1238</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">358</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="593" to="602" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
