<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Are happiness and productivity lower among young people with newly-divorced parents? An experimental and econometric approach</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2012">2012</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eugenio</forename><surname>Proto</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Sgroi</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Oswald</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Are happiness and productivity lower among young people with newly-divorced parents? An experimental and econometric approach</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23"/>
							<date type="published" when="2012">2012</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note type="submission">Received: 7 November 2010 / Accepted: 2 May 2011 / Published online: 18 May 2011</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:14+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Labor productivity · Divorce · Mental health · Well-being · Happiness · Experimental economics JEL Classification D03</term>
					<term>J24</term>
					<term>C91</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>High rates of divorce in western society have prompted much research on the repercussions for well-being and the economy. Yet little is known about the important topic of whether parental divorce has deleterious consequences upon adult children. By combining experimental and econometric survey-based evidence, this study attempts to provide an answer. Under controlled conditions, it measures university students' subjective well-being and productivity (in a standardized laboratory task). It finds no evidence that either of these is negatively associated with recent parental divorce. If anything, happiness and productivity appear to be slightly greater, particularly among males, if their parents have divorced. Using longitudinal data from the British Household Panel Survey-to control for so-called fixed effects-we then cross-check this result, and confirm the same finding, on various random samples of young British adults.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>of children now experience parental divorce (National Center for Health Statistics 2008). In the UK, over the period <ref type="bibr" coords="2,192.50,67.82,82.64,8.97">1997-2007, parental</ref> divorces each year affected approximately 1% of the population of young people aged between 16 and 23. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,366.12,77.57,3.79,6.81">1</ref> The long-run consequences of this phenomenon, especially upon the next generation, are not yet fully known.</p><p>From the economist's perspective, it is natural to be interested in whether:</p><p>(i) parental divorce has a negative impact on children's ability to perform well in education, (ii) there are potential effects upon children's eventual productivity in the workplace, (iii) there are implications for those children's long-run earnings.</p><p>At the macroeconomic level, more speculatively, these translates into a desire to understand what high divorce rates might mean for economic growth through the potential effects upon the children of divorced parents.</p><p>There is a modern literature on the effects of divorce upon those adults who choose to dissolve their relationships (such as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,202.79,242.42,101.39,8.97" target="#b14">Pevalin and Ermisch 2009</ref>) and upon young dependent children (such as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,155.01,254.15,50.83,8.97" target="#b0">Amato 2001)</ref>. However, what remains to be understood are the effects on older, adult children-such as children of university age. The present paper is a study of divorce and its consequences for grown children. It builds on, and is complementary to, an emerging branch of modern work such as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,338.25,289.32,50.26,8.97;2,51.81,301.04,39.17,8.97" target="#b2">Collishaw et al. (2007)</ref> that seems to be finding smaller negative effects than used to be believed within an earlier era, and on research such as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,229.78,312.78,110.15,8.97" target="#b7">Gardner and Oswald (2006)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="2,358.51,312.78,25.77,8.97;2,51.81,324.50,94.34,8.97" target="#b19">Stevenson and Wolfers (2006)</ref> who examine the potential positive effects of divorce, albeit not directly linked to the children of divorcees.</p><p>The nature of the paper's analysis appears to be the first of its kind. The paper uses, in part, an experimental setup to try to understand the influence of parental divorce upon university students, and in part a survey-based econometric approach.</p><p>We provide evidence against the idea that an increase in single or stepparent families can account for trends in young individuals' problems. We construct a laboratory experiment in which we can directly observe performance in a paid task and relate this to each subject's recent experience (or not) of parental divorce. While our methodology differs from that of previous scholars, our results are in alignment with some recent econometric and psychological studies (discussed below) in indicating a less worrying impact, than might traditionally have been expected, of parental divorce upon children's outcomes.</p><p>Using a methodology developed in <ref type="bibr" coords="2,213.55,476.94,84.57,8.97" target="#b12">Oswald et al. (2009)</ref>, we design and conduct a laboratory experiment in a UK university, where subjects-all of whom were students-were asked to reveal their level of happiness 2 at the very beginning of the 1 Our own elaboration based on the British Household Panel Survey. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.80,541.02,3.39,6.10">2</ref> Although the validity of self-reported well-being measures remains a somewhat open question, more and more evidence points to a robust correlation between answers to subjective well-being questions and more objective measures of personal well-being. For example, answers to subjective well-being questions have been shown to be correlated with physical evidence of affect such as smiling, laughing, heart rate measures, and electrical activity in the brain <ref type="bibr" coords="2,165.71,580.65,44.36,7.17" target="#b4">(Diener 1984)</ref>, capacity of wound healing <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.05,580.65,64.41,7.17" target="#b5">(Ebrecht et al. 2004</ref>) and resisting viruses, and in aggregate, correlated objective measures like compensating differentials in wage rates <ref type="bibr" coords="2,68.85,599.42,72.67,7.17" target="#b13">(Oswald and Wu 2010)</ref>. experiment, and then to carry out a task designed to measure their productivity and their ability to concentrate. At the end, the subjects reveal if and when their parents are divorced. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,103.37,78.12,3.79,6.81">3</ref> The group chosen seem of particular interest given their age (almost all are 18-23) and thus proximity to full-time work, and because for many in the sample the experience of parental divorce is fairly recent (1-5 years).</p><p>As a complement to the laboratory test, a second form of econometric evidence is described. This follows a group of young people longitudinally using the British Household Panel Survey (BHPS). We examine the reported happiness levels of a sample of individuals of approximately the same age as the sample participating in our laboratory experiment (although the BHPS has no productivity data, unlike our experiment). The use of a panel allows us to control for individuals' and households' characteristics, which is not fully possible in the laboratory setting. We buttress this with an analysis of the answers to a life satisfaction question in the BHPS which has the advantage of being a finer (7-point) measure than the happiness measure (which is only a 4-point measure) but may reflect a longer-term view of wellbeing.</p><p>Contrary to our own expectations and to the fears of some parents and commentators, both forms of analysis-laboratory and survey (relating to both reported happiness and life satisfaction)-suggest that divorce has no detectable negative consequences. The data are consistent with, if anything, a slight positive effect of parental divorce on children's reported happiness. Nor does the laboratory experiment uncover negative effects on productivity. In fact, there is evidence consistent with a small positive impact on the productivity of males.</p><p>In the applied psychology literature, there exists some controversy-and also uncertainty-about the impact of divorce on children. An early literature was unambiguous in finding a correlation between lower academic achievement (and a reduced ability to internalize problems) and divorce-described in a literature such as <ref type="bibr" coords="3,361.42,368.16,27.13,8.97;3,51.80,380.17,24.90,8.97" target="#b0">Amato (2001)</ref>. However, the most recent contributions suggest a more complex picture, with an effect that is likely to be negative, but moderately small, and one generally less important for children of older age. Moreover, the need to control for socio-economic status suggests that the lack of controls may be overstating the negative tone of the conclusions prevalent in the psychology literature (see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,270.45,428.19,58.36,8.97" target="#b10">Lansford 2009</ref> for a survey). <ref type="bibr" coords="3,384.26,426.21,3.79,6.81">4</ref> In recent years, some economists have added to the broader social-science literature-sometimes finding that divorce does not have the scale of impact indicated within much of the psychology literature. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,219.27,464.19,57.28,8.97" target="#b8">Gruber (2004)</ref> employs cross-country data to assess the impact of the change of US divorce regulation on children's long-term achievement, and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,124.44,488.21,120.96,8.97" target="#b6">González and Viitanen (2008)</ref> test the difference in regulation for EU countries. Both find some negative impact of divorce on young people. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,353.17,56.10,35.44,8.97;4,51.80,68.05,103.76,8.97" target="#b17">Sanz-de-Galdeano and Vuri (2007)</ref> draw upon data from the National Education Longitudinal Study. The authors control for the potential endogeneity of parental divorce by employing double and triple difference models that rely on observing teenagers from intact and divorced backgrounds before and after the occurrence of parental divorce. The authors conclude that parental divorce does not negatively affect teenagers' cognitive skills. They also suggest that cross-sectional estimates overstate the detrimental effect of parental divorce. This conclusion is in line with our later analysis of the BHPS where controlling for family background actually leads the estimated effect of parental divorce on happiness to become moderately positive. Our later results are also broadly consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="4,163.78,175.64,42.38,8.97" target="#b11">Liu (2007)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="4,224.51,175.64,55.03,8.97" target="#b15">Piketty (2003)</ref>, who use individual data to test the relationship between divorce and children's education attainments; both conclude that it is not the divorce per se that generates lower attainments but rather the environment before the divorce. Similar conclusions are reached by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,321.24,211.51,63.14,8.97" target="#b9">Hoekstra (2009)</ref>.</p><p>In the next two sections, we describe the laboratory experiment and present its results; a later section describes the BHPS-based analysis; tables and questionnaires related to the laboratory experiment are provided in the supplementary online material.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2">Experimental methodology</head><p>We designed and conducted a laboratory experiment in which subjects-all of whom were students at the University of Warwick-were asked to carry out a task designed to measure their productivity and their ability to concentrate. Afterwards, the subjects revealed if and when their parents were divorced.</p><p>The full set of experimental instructions is provided in the supplementary online material. To summarize the design of the experiment: we first asked subjects to enter their reported happiness using a seven-point scale into a spreadsheet (a copy of the precise question is found in the supplementary online material). It seems particularly important here to avoid 'priming', namely, to avoid reminding students of recent and significant positive or negative life shocks just prior to asking for reported happiness. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,93.60,436.65,3.79,6.81">5</ref> The subjects were then asked to carry out two paid piece-rate tasks. They had 10 minutes to add as many sets of numbers together as they could. Each set of numbers consisted of 5 two-digit numbers; for example, one such problem might have been: 51 14 74 33 85 They were paid 25p (about one third of a US dollar) for each correct addition. Hence they had a monetary incentive to correctly do as many as they could within the 10 minutes. This task also allowed us potentially to distinguish between the raw number of attempts and the percentage that are calculated correctly (which will both matter in terms of payment). The second task was a short GMAT-style test designed to help control for intelligence, a copy of which is provided in the supplementary online material. Finally, subjects completed a long questionnaire, which included questions about parental divorce in the last 5 years, and gathered information on other useful variables (designed to generate socio-economic data, and further background data about each subject). A copy of the questionnaire is provided in the supplementary online material.</p><p>We carried out the experiment over 3 days, with 12 sessions and 269 subjects. No subject was allowed to participate more than once and no subject was allowed to have taken part in a similar experiment before. <ref type="table" coords="5,51.80,225.17,29.57,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> presents a description of the data. While the great majority of subjects completed the questionnaire in full, we could not coerce them into doing so. Therefore, a 'Happiness' is the student's reported happiness (on a scale from 1 = low to 7 = high) at the start of the whole experiment b 'Additions' is the number of correct numerical additions in the timed productivity task in the laboratory c 'Life Satisfaction' is the student's reported life satisfaction (on a scale from 1 = low to 10 = high) at the end of the experiment we do not have a full set of 269 observations for every questionnaire answer, although we always have more than 250. 6 Data-among those with divorced parents-on the share of parental divorces in each year (from 0 to 5 years earlier) are presented in <ref type="table" coords="6,269.73,92.21,28.72,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>. We aggregated these into the following dummies:</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3">Results and discussion</head><p>• Divorce less than 3 yr ago if the divorce took place less than 3 years ago • Divorce less than 5 yr ago if the divorce took place in the last 5 years • Years since divorce, set to the year of the divorce if Divorce less than 5 yr ago = 1, and 6 otherwise. 7</p><p>Note that there is overlap between Divorce less than 3 yr ago and Divorce less than 5 yr ago.</p><p>• Happiness is the level of happiness reported by the subjects at the very beginning of the experiment (it lies on a 7-point scale). They declared this number prior to undertaking the piece-rate tasks or seeing the questionnaire. • High School Grades is the ratio of top grades to the total of school-level subjects studied, so is a control for overall ability. • Gmat is the result from a short GMAT-style test performed as the second task, and is a further control for innate ability. • Additions is the number of correct additions performed in 10 minutes during the piece-rate task.</p><p>Finally, the variables Age and Year study are an individual's age and university year. <ref type="table" coords="6,63.76,345.82,30.34,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> gives the first regression-equation results. 'Happiness' is the dependent variable and is measured on a 7-point scale; for the sake of simplicity, and to make our analysis more consistent with the second part of this paper, we estimate the model using a simple OLS estimator. However, a similar (unreported) exercise using an Ordered Probit estimator yielded very similar results; those findings are available from the authors upon request.</p><p>As is immediately visible in <ref type="table" coords="6,177.28,418.04,27.97,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, the association between parental divorce and subjects' happiness is not negative. The same finding was to emerge in a range of settings.</p><p>For example, if we consider in <ref type="table" coords="6,194.98,454.15,30.57,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> the variable for parental divorce in the last 3 years, this variable enters with a coefficient that is positive and significantly different from zero at the 5% level in columns 1 and 2. The dummy for divorce in the Here and in later tables, the numbers in parentheses are standard errors. * Is significance at 10%; * * at 5%; * * * at 1% last 5 years, in columns 3 and 4 of <ref type="table" coords="7,189.91,391.10,28.03,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, is positive but not statistically significant.</p><p>And Years since divorce, in column 5 of <ref type="table" coords="7,224.00,403.28,29.38,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, is negative and non-significant. The value of the coefficient of Divorce less than 5 yr ago (where 5 yr stands for five years) in regression 1 is approximately half the value of the coefficient in Divorce less than 3 yr ago in regression 2. This is consistent with the (perhaps somewhat natural) hypothesis that any effects from parental divorce tend to fade away over time as the child ages. The further back the divorce, the smaller the measured consequences. <ref type="table" coords="7,63.76,476.33,30.29,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> gives separate results for males (columns 1-3) and females (columns 4 and 5). For male subjects, there appears to be a fairly large and positive effect from parental divorce; the coefficient on Divorce less than 5 yr ago (in column 2 of <ref type="table" coords="7,356.39,500.66,32.14,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3)</ref> is about half in magnitude of the coefficient on Divorce less than 3 yr ago (in column 1). The estimated positive and declining effect of parental divorce with respect of the year of the divorce is consistent with the regression presented in column 3. Again, the Years since divorce coefficient, although not statistically significantly different from zero, has a negative sign. These results provide again some support for the idea of perhaps even a positive effect of parental divorce on self-reported happiness and one that diminishes over time. In the last two columns of <ref type="table" coords="7,302.68,585.90,28.57,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, divorce does not have statistically significant effects among the sub-sample of female subjects. The coefficients of Divorce less than 3 yr ago and Divorce less than 5 yr ago are statistically indistinguishable from zero. In <ref type="figure" coords="8,74.85,550.16,22.29,8.97">Fig. 1</ref>, we provide a graphical analysis of the effect of parental divorce on life satisfaction for male subjects (for whom we saw, in <ref type="table" coords="8,268.52,562.13,29.17,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>, that parental divorce seems to have a positive effect in terms of happiness). From a comparison between the two Cumulative Distribution Functions, we note that the one for the sub-sample of subjects with divorced parent clearly dominates the CDF of the others. A key difference is that none of subjects with divorced parents reported a level of happiness below 5. Tables 2 and 3 include a variable for High School Grades. This is done partly to control for the possibility of an omitted variable linked to the personal qualities of divorced parents, which might also be reflected in their children.</p><p>Nevertheless, and necessarily, given the nature of these data, students from the divorced and non-divorced families might differ in subtle unobservable ways. In order to cope more formally with this potential problem-namely, the potential heterogeneity of individuals and family background-we show later in the paper that the positive statistical effect of parental divorce on happiness holds even when we base our analysis on data from the British Household Panel Survey. Panel data then allow us to introduce a control for individuals' characteristics, courtesy of the use of individual fixed effects. <ref type="table" coords="9,63.76,216.22,30.51,8.97">Table 4</ref> examines the determinants of productivity in the laboratory. It sets out regression equations in which the number of correct additions under timed pressure in the laboratory, Additions, is the dependent variable. The spirit of the results is similar to those in Tables 2 and 3. Divorce seems to have no discernible deleterious effect on subjects and their ability to perform. Interestingly, the sign seems, if anything, positive, and-once again-the coefficient is slightly larger when the regressor is Divorce less than 3 yr ago (column 1) than when the regressor is Divorce less than 6 yr ago (column 2).</p><p>From columns 3 and 4 of <ref type="table" coords="9,167.53,314.75,28.25,8.97">Table 4</ref>, for the subsample of males, the key coefficient is not negative, even if, in this case, the coefficient of Divorce less than 5 yr ago now becomes larger than the coefficient of Divorce less than 3 yr ago. None of the coefficients are statistically significantly different from zero at the 5 percent level. As in the happiness regression presented in <ref type="table" coords="9,200.83,364.02,27.77,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, the sign of the number of years elapsed since the divorce-the variable Years since divorce defined as above-is negative but not statistically significant. From columns 6 and 7 of <ref type="table" coords="9,268.38,388.66,28.51,8.97">Table 4</ref>, female subjects' productivity is apparently untouched by parental divorce; this, once more, is broadly in line with the spirit of the happiness regressions of <ref type="table" coords="9,252.30,413.30,28.08,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>.</p><p>Evidence of a beneficial effect (though only at the 90% confidence level) on productivity associated with parental divorce for the male subjects can be observed in <ref type="figure" coords="9,51.81,450.25,22.27,8.97">Fig. 2</ref>, where we perform an analysis analogous to <ref type="figure" coords="9,257.51,450.25,26.00,8.97">Fig. 1.</ref> Here we plot the cumulative distributions of the correct additions for men who experienced a parental divorce in the last 5 years and those who did not.</p><p>The cumulative distribution of correct additions for the Male subject with divorced parents (CDFPdiv) nearly first-order dominates the one with subjects whose parents have not recently divorced (CDVnonPdiv). Importantly, there is no almost difference between low and high performers: the medium performers with divorced parents are the ones doing better than the rest.</p><p>We conclude this section with one further observation. As can be seen from the paper's tables, the finding of no damaging effect from parental divorce is not simply because of Type II errors or any repeated failure to reject the null of zero on a negative coefficient. The estimated coefficients are typically positive rather than negative. It is not merely that there are large standard errors around negative coefficients. <ref type="table" coords="10,59.68,586.13,7.17,18.73;10,59.68,580.14,7.17,3.99">Table 4</ref> Regression equations in which students' productivity in a laboratory task is the dependent variable-with a variable for parental divorce in the last 3 or 5 years VARIABLES</p><p>(1)</p><p>(3)  a Calculated using the question: 'Have you been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?'. Where the possible responses are: More so than usual (coded 4); About same as usual (coded 3); Less so than usual (coded 2); Much less than usual (coded 1). In the BHPS dataset the scale of this variable is reverted b It is the answer to the question "All things considered, how satisfied are you with your life as a whole these days?" (1 = low, 7 = high)</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Fig. 2 Cumulative distribution functions of male subjects' performance in the adding-numbers task</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4">A cross-check: testing for the effects of parental divorce on happiness using the British household panel survey</head><p>The paper's laboratory setting has the advantage of measuring student productivity in a controlled environment. But this procedure has two possible drawbacks: (i) that of us not being able to control fully for possible household effects. Divorce is not randomly assigned in the world. Hence the necessary maintained assumption in our experiment-as in <ref type="bibr" coords="11,126.37,574.28,46.24,8.97" target="#b3">Corak 2001</ref> and much of the literature-is that what happens to the parent does not become innately passed on, through genes or some other mechanism, to the child's happiness and productivity; (ii) Warwick students are not representa- tive of the whole of UK society so the analysis may suffer from a sample selection bias. For these reasons, we decided to complement the laboratory experiment presented above with an econometric study based on the British Household Panel Survey (BHPS henceforth), which is representative of Great Britain and allows us to control more fully for individuals' heterogeneity. We introduce a control for individuals (and then households) through fixed effects estimation. BHPS data allow us to identify those young individuals who experience a parental divorce. We construct a sample of individuals with an age equal to or below 30 who appear in the BHPS data with at least one parent. We then estimate the effect on those young people of a parental divorce in that year and in the years immediately prior-controlling for other factors such as income, age, employment, student status and disability.</p><p>The data come from the first 17 waves of the BHPS. This is a nationally representative sample of more than 5000 British households, containing over 10000 adult individuals, conducted between September and Christmas of each year from 1991. Respondents are interviewed in successive waves; households who move to new residences are interviewed at their new location; if an individual splits off from the original household, all adult members of their new household are also interviewed. Children are interviewed from 16 years of age. The sample has remained broadly representative of the British population. 8 The people we refer to are the children, aged between 16 and 30, of the couple who appears to be legally married in 1991 or in subsequent waves. <ref type="table" coords="12,63.76,461.77,30.45,8.97" target="#tab_5">Table 6</ref> presents a summary of the raw data. The well-being variable here it is drawn from a sub-question of the so-called GHQ section of the British Household Panel data, and is calculated using the question: 'Have you been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?' where the possible responses are: More so than usual (coded 1). About same as usual. Less so than usual. Much less than usual (coded 4). Hence this variable captures 'unhappiness'. For expositional simplicity, we reverted the scale of this variable so that 1 corresponds to low and 4 corresponds to high. We can then refer to this variable as 'happiness'. <ref type="table" coords="13,233.15,334.18,29.46,8.97" target="#tab_6">Table 7</ref> records the number of students aged between 16 and 30 who have experienced a parental divorce across the different waves-corresponding to the period 1990-2007. Our first step is to ensure that young individuals who experienced a parental divorce present in the BHPS dataset have a similar reaction in terms of happiness than the ones in our laboratory experiment. Therefore, using the BHPS data, we perform a similar econometric exercise to the one performed in <ref type="table" coords="13,277.23,404.72,29.98,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> with our laboratory sample. We consider the last wave in our dataset <ref type="bibr" coords="13,254.52,416.47,82.05,8.97">(wave 17, year 2007</ref>) that, as we observe from <ref type="table" coords="13,108.68,428.23,28.95,8.97" target="#tab_6">Table 7</ref>, records the highest number of divorces. 9 In order to aid the comparability with the results from the laboratory analysis, we multiply the GHQhappiness index by 7/4, so as to ensure that the highest value is 7 as in the happiness banding in the laboratory experiment. The main difference compared to <ref type="table" coords="13,339.06,463.51,29.33,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> concerns the control variables. In the BHPS there is no record of students' performances and we substitute it instead with academic qualifications.</p><p>The results are presented in <ref type="table" coords="13,178.34,498.77,28.62,8.97" target="#tab_7">Table 8</ref>. We note that the coefficients that indicate a divorce in the last 3 and 5 years are positive, and the one related to years since the divorce is negative as in the earlier <ref type="table" coords="13,196.31,522.30,28.69,8.97" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>. The coefficients on divorce less than 3 years ago and years since the divorce are roughly similar in the two tables, while the coefficient of divorce less than 5 years ago appears to be larger for the BHPS sample.</p><p>Next, we consider the entire panel in the BHPS dataset. <ref type="figure" coords="13,299.96,557.56,34.71,8.97" target="#fig_0">Figure 3</ref> provides the simplest form of longitudinal evidence. It plots the average level of GHQ-Happiness for young people aged between 18-30-therefore the same age range as in our laboratory experiment-in the 2 years before their parents' divorce and then after the divorce (the divorce happens at time t). There is a spike in happiness in the year of the divorce. Afterwards, the GHQ-Happiness score reverts to approximately the level before divorce. <ref type="figure" coords="14,116.45,408.91,65.15,8.97">Figures 4 and 5</ref> repeat the exercise for females and males respectively. The same increase in happiness for males appears a period before. 10 Finally, in <ref type="figure" coords="14,63.04,433.11,22.98,8.97">Fig. 6</ref>, we consider as an additional robustness check the subset of BHPS individuals who are students aged 18-30 (this is the same population used in our earlier laboratory experiment). Although the number of subject is now too low (30 in total) for statistically significant results, we again observe an increase in GHQ-Happiness in the period of the parental divorce. The results in Figs. 3-6 are consistent with the paper's earlier laboratory findings. Subjects apparently emerge not only approximately unscathed by parental divorce: there is some evidence that they actually report a statistically significant increase in personal happiness.</p><p>One objection to this (perhaps surprising) finding is that it might be driven by omitted variables. Therefore, we perform a further analysis that controls for other influences on young people's well-being. <ref type="table" coords="14,222.30,566.14,30.27,8.97">Table 9</ref> reports a set of BHPS happiness  <ref type="table" coords="15,245.35,485.67,28.07,8.97" target="#tab_7">Table 8</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="15,279.58,485.67,29.32,8.97">Table 9</ref> provides the results from OLS estimation with individual (and wave) fixed effects. In order to enlarge our sample, we introduce also individuals aged 16 and 17; then, in <ref type="table" coords="15,302.50,509.37,32.66,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 10</ref>, we go on to report the same estimation for the subsample aged 18-30 years old.</p><p>Consistently with our findings using laboratory data, from <ref type="table" coords="15,304.56,533.09,30.21,8.97">Table 9</ref> we note that the divorce variable is estimated to have a positive effect on happiness in the year in which parents divorce (coefficient 0.165); this effect is not generally significantly different from zero in the second period, or in the year before the divorce. 11 Compar-16 E. Proto et al.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Fig. 5</head><p>Happiness of males in the years around parental divorce, with 95% confidence intervals <ref type="figure" coords="16,51.80,437.38,18.93,7.17">Fig. 6</ref> Happiness of students in the years around parental divorce, with 95% confidence interval ing columns 2 and 3 of <ref type="table" coords="16,145.50,468.03,28.03,8.97">Table 9</ref>, the 'beneficial' consequences of the parental divorce are evident for both females (column 2) and males (column 3); but-as we can also observe in Figs. 4 and 5-for males the positive and significant effect appears with a slightly different lag than for females.</p><p>Column 4 of <ref type="table" coords="16,117.14,516.32,29.55,8.97">Table 9</ref> provides a further specification check. The substantive findings are unchanged. 12 <ref type="table" coords="17,51.80,52.98,24.38,7.17">Table 9</ref> Fixed-effect estimation of parental divorce in year t on the happiness of individuals aged between 16 and 30 (BHPS data)</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>VARIABLES</head><p>(1) The dependent variable here is calculated using the question: 'Have you been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?' where the possible responses are: More so than usual; About same as usual; Less so than usual; Much less than usual Finally, <ref type="table" coords="17,96.03,559.90,34.07,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 10</ref> restricts the sample to only the age range of the laboratory experiment and the one used to compute the averages plotted in Figs. 3-6. The findings are approximately the same: the only real difference is in column 1, where the coefficient of parental divorce at time period t loses its significance, although the coefficient is still negative. This is perhaps to be expected given the smaller sample of individuals. The results for male and female subjects are similar to those in <ref type="table" coords="18,304.15,531.03,28.11,8.97" target="#tab_7">Table 8</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5">Divorce and life satisfaction</head><p>Our questions on happiness and the GHQL-Happiness index are usually considered as measures of emotional and short-run well-being. The question "How satisfied are with your whole life these days" perhaps reflect a more considered longer-run measure of well-being. We asked this question at the end of our experiment (coded from 1 = low to 10 = high), and a similar question is present in the BHPS survey (coded from 1 = low to 7 = high). It seems instructive to consider the impact of parental divorce on answers to this question as well. In <ref type="table" coords="19,137.14,115.24,35.69,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 11</ref> we present the effect of divorce on life satisfaction for the subject of our laboratory experiment (columns 1 to 3) and for students aged between 18 and 30 in the wave 17 of the BHPS (columns 4 to 6). Although the signs of the three relevant variables are the expected ones (Divorce less than 3 yr ago and Divorce less than 5 yr ago are positive and Years since divorce are negative in both datasets), only the Divorce less than 5 yr ago in the BHPS sample is significant at 5 percent level.</p><p>Furthermore, in <ref type="table" coords="19,128.63,198.04,32.61,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 12</ref>, where we present a regression based on the entire panel controlling for individual fixed effects, we find that variables concerning the divorce are all insignificant, which seems to suggest that the significant coefficients found in <ref type="table" coords="19,51.80,233.52,34.34,8.97" target="#tab_0">Table 11</ref> might be due to some unobserved heterogeneity.</p><p>Therefore the results of <ref type="table" coords="19,157.86,245.34,66.32,8.97" target="#tab_0">Tables 10 and 11</ref> arguably lend some further support to the view that divorce has a non-negative impact on young individuals' subjective wellbeing. Furthermore, if we consider happiness to reflect a short-run, perhaps more emotional measure of well-being, and life satisfaction a longer-run, perhaps more considered, measure then comparing the results across both of these well-being indicators we might conclude that any small positive effect is more evident in the shortrun.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="6">Conclusions</head><p>The study has attempted to estimate the effects of parents' divorce upon grown children. This area of quantitative social science is a potentially emotive one, and one in which systematic evidence has been lacking. We began the study, which blends two kinds of analytical approaches, expecting to discover some harmful consequences from recent parental divorce. Despite those priors, we were unable to find such evidence.</p><p>In a laboratory setting with controlled conditions, university students' productivity and happiness levels appear to be approximately unaffected, and never negatively affected, by whether they have recently experienced a parental divorce. There is some evidence-as in column 1 of <ref type="table" coords="19,171.21,479.77,29.88,8.97" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>-that reported happiness and productivity are actually greater among male students whose parents have divorced. Nevertheless, there is a potential objection to these laboratory findings. It is that, for some unobservable reason, those university students in our sample from families in which there has been a divorce may be intrinsically different from (perhaps more productive than) those students who come from families with no divorce. This is not an entirely persuasive objection-a critic who believed that divorce is bad for offspring would have to argue that the stay-together parents in our sample have children who are inherently less happy than others-but it deserves to be considered.</p><p>The paper therefore performs a further exercise, in which young people are followed longitudinally through time. This allows the same individuals to be observed  before and after their parents split up. Fixed-effects models are estimated in which happiness-among a random sample of young British adults-is the dependent variable. No evidence is found for the existence of deleterious effects on young adults from the dissolution of parents' marriages when data drawing on replies to happiness and life satisfaction questions are considered. Indeed, as in the laboratory experiment, there is some evidence that grown children actually gain from a parental divorce (at least when we focus on reported happiness). Although consistent with the spirit of other important works, this paper's results should be treated with appropriate caution. The present paper is designed as a tentative contribution to an important but complex issue in which greater knowledge is needed. For example, our focus was on those with newly-divorced parents, and not on the longer-run lifetime impact of parental divorce, something beyond the scope of the present paper. Those long-term effects deserve to be studied in future research.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="15,51.80,231.91,309.01,7.17"><head>Fig. 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Happiness in the years around parental divorce (at time t ), with 95% confidence intervalsFig. 4 Happiness of females in the years around parental divorce, with 95% confidence intervals regression equations with a number of control variables, again, to simplify the exposition and the comparability with the laboratory experiment, we multiply GHQ-Happiness index by 7/4 like in the regression in</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="5,51.80,264.94,336.76,274.71"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics for the sample of 269 laboratory subjects</figDesc><table coords="5,51.80,283.75,336.76,255.90">VARIABLES 
Full #obs 
Mean 
Std. Dev. 
Min 
Max 

Happiness a 
269 
4.843 
0.941 
2 
7 

No Divorce 
269 
0.918 
0.274 
0 
1 

Divorce less than 1 year ago 
269 
0.007 
0.086 
0 
1 

Divorce 1 year ago 
269 
0.015 
0.121 
0 
1 

Divorce 2 years ago 
269 
0.022 
0.148 
0 
1 

Divorce 3 years ago 
269 
0.018 
0.135 
0 
1 

Divorce 4 years ago 
269 
0.007 
0.086 
0 
1 

Divorce 5 years ago 
269 
0.018 
0.135 
0 
1 

Divorce 3 
269 
0.055 
0.275 
0 
1 

Last 3 years 

Divorce 5 
269 
0.082 
0.230 
0 
1 

Last 5 years 

Years since divorce 
269 
5.702 
1.061 
0 
6 

Age 
259 
19.610 
1.547 
18 
30 

Male 
261 
0.521 
0.500 
0 
1 

High School Grades 
255 
0.535 
0.256 
0 
1 

Gmat score 
269 
3.610 
1.466 
0 
5 

Additions b 
267 
18.097 
6.864 
2 
50 

Life Satisfaction c 
268 
7.018657 
1.674782 
2 
10 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,51.80,52.98,336.70,284.18"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Regression equations in which students' happiness is the dependent variable-with a variable for parental divorce in the last 3 years and 5 years</figDesc><table coords="7,51.80,81.25,336.70,255.90">VARIABLES 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 

Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 

Divorce less than 3 yr ago 
0.539  *  *  
0.575  *  *  

(0.260) 
(0.259) 

Divorce less than 5 yr ago 
0.270 
0.295 

(0.216) 
(0.215) 

Years since Divorce 
−0.0271 

(0.0569) 

Male 
0.0148 
0.0257 
0.0333 

(0.124) 
(0.124) 
(0.125) 

Age 
−0.880* 
−0.842* 
−0.831  *  

(0.483) 
(0.486) 
(0.487) 

Age sq. 
0.0176 
0.0168 
0.0166 

(0.0110) 
(0.0110) 
(0.0111) 

Year Study 
0.138 
0.133 
0.133 

(0.0855) 
(0.0859) 
(0.0862) 

HS Grades 
0.0446 
0.0675 
0.0562 

(0.240) 
(0.241) 
(0.242) 

Observations 
254 
269 
254 
269 
254 

R-squared 
0.093 
0.070 
0.082 
0.059 
0.077 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="8,51.80,52.98,336.75,321.85"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Regression equations in which students' happiness is the dependent variable-with a variable for parental divorce in the last 3 years and 5 years</figDesc><table coords="8,51.80,81.25,336.75,293.57">VARIABLES 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 

Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 

only male 
only male 
only male 
only female 
only female 

Divorce less than 3 yr ago 
0.748  *  *  
−0.0676 

(0.322) 
(0.468) 

Divorce less than 5 yr ago 
0.389 
0.0839 

(0.272) 
(0.373) 

Years since Divorce 
−0.105 

(0.0757) 

Year Study 
0.344  *  *  *  
0.350  *  *  *  
0.349  *  *  *  
0.0231 
0.0260 

(0.127) 
(0.129) 
(0.129) 
(0.120) 
(0.120) 

HS Grades 
−0.398 
−0.370 
−0.397 
0.249 
0.253 

(0.336) 
(0.340) 
(0.341) 
(0.355) 
(0.355) 

Age 
−0.782 
−0.591 
−0.678 
−0.460 
−0.449 

(1.282) 
(1.302) 
(1.301) 
(0.617) 
(0.617) 

Age sq. 
0.0107 
0.00596 
0.00831 
0.0102 
0.00998 

(0.0313) 
(0.0318) 
(0.0318) 
(0.0136) 
(0.0136) 

Observations 
134 
134 
134 
120 
120 

R-squared 
0.216 
0.194 
0.193 
0.112 
0.113 

Fig. 1 Cumulative distribution 
functions of male subjects' 
Happiness self reports 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,51.80,52.98,336.69,182.60"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="11,51.80,52.98,336.69,182.60">Descriptive statistics for the sample in the British household panel study (BHPS): all waves 

Variable 
Observations 
Mean 
Std. Dev. 
Min 
Max 

GHQL-Happiness a 
30263 
3.082973 
0.6337045 
1 
4 

Life Satisfaction b 
23130 
5.241807 
1.187956 
1 
7 

Par. Divorce 
32393 
0.0118853 
0.1083715 
0 
1 

Age 
32393 
21.67706 
4.160363 
15 
30 

Male 
32187 
0.5071302 
0.4999569 
0 
1 

Income 
30493 
7.86653 
8.577413 
0 
400.4861 

Student 
32393 
0.2747507 
0.4463955 
0 
1 

Unemployed 
32393 
0.0742753 
0.2622224 
0 
1 

Disabled 
32393 
0.0123483 
0.1104366 
0 
1 

Still with Parents 
32393 
0.6503566 
0.4768647 
0 
1 

Married 
32393 
0.0868706 
0.2816497 
0 
1 

Cohabiting 
32393 
0.1311086 
0.3375243 
0 
1 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="12,51.80,52.98,336.75,121.10"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="12,51.80,52.98,336.75,121.10">Descriptive statistics for the sample in the British household panel study (BHPS): wave 17 

Variable 
Observations 
Mean 
Std. Dev. 
Min 
Max 

GHQL-Happiness 
2256 
3.074468 
0.6782949 
1 
4 

Life Satisfaction 
2347 
5.229655 
1.188754 
1 
7 

Age 
2502 
24.53517 
3.669493 
18 
30 

Male 
2404 
0.4563228 
0.4981923 
0 
1 

Div. less 3 yr ago 
1737 
0.0305124 
0.1720419 
0 
1 

Div. less 5 yr ago 
1737 
0.0489349 
0.2157942 
0 
1 

Years since Divorce 
2278 
5.863038 
0.776032 
0 
6 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="13,51.80,52.98,336.70,244.23"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Cross-wave breakdown of individuals aged between 16 and 30: BHPS</figDesc><table coords="13,168.37,59.60,220.13,237.61">Wave 
Parental divorce 
Total 

0 
1 

2 
1,269 
25 
1,294 

3 
1,286 
27 
1,313 

4 
1,395 
13 
1,408 

5 
1,427 
18 
1,445 

6 
1,567 
19 
1,586 

7 
1,607 
43 
1,650 

8 
1,797 
27 
1,824 

9 
1,840 
15 
1,855 

10 
2,276 
28 
2,304 

11 
2,359 
20 
2,379 

12 
2,469 
36 
2,505 

13 
2,503 
20 
2,523 

14 
2,494 
21 
2,515 

15 
2,576 
23 
2,599 

16 
2,583 
19 
2,602 

17 
2,560 
31 
2,591 

Total 
32,008 
385 
32,393 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="14,51.80,52.98,336.72,283.69"><head>Table 8</head><label>8</label><figDesc>Regression equations in which students' happiness is the dependent variable-with a variable for parental divorce in the last 3 years and 5 years. BHPS dataset wave 17</figDesc><table coords="14,51.80,81.25,336.72,255.41">VARIABLES 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 

Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 
Happiness 

Divorce less than 3 yr ago 
0.512 
0.389 

(0.483) 
(0.470) 

Divorce less than 5 yr ago 
0.868  *  *  
0.792  *  *  

(0.390) 
(0.383) 

Years since Divorce 
−0.152  *  

(0.0879) 

Male 
0.0967 
0.106 
0.0517 

(0.129) 
(0.128) 
(0.122) 

Age 
0.263 
0.254 
0.382 

(0.345) 
(0.342) 
(0.298) 

Age2 
−0.00530 
−0.00510 
−0.00814 

(0.00782) 
(0.00776) 
(0.00661) 

Academic Qualifications + 
Yes 
No 
Yes 
No 
Yes 

Observations 
328 
330 
328 
330 
356 

R-squared 
0.012 
0.002 
0.024 
0.013 
0.016 

+ A series of dummy indicating the highest academic qualifications achieved (higher degree, 1st degree, 

teaching, a level, o level, cse, none of these) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_9" coords="18,51.80,52.98,336.74,443.76"><head>Table 10</head><label>10</label><figDesc>Fixed-effect estimation of parental divorce in year T on the happiness of individuals aged between 18 and 30 (BHPS data)</figDesc><table coords="18,51.80,80.89,336.74,415.85">VARIABLES 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 

Happiness 
Happiness female 
Happiness male 

Parent Divorce t + 1 
−0.0206 
−0.0910 
0.0703 

(0.0791) 
(0.119) 
(0.104) 

Parent Divorce t 
0.102 
0.259  *  *  
−0.0568 

(0.0832) 
(0.124) 
(0.111) 

Parent Divorce t − 1 
0.0789 
−0.0763 
0.257  *  *  

(0.0815) 
(0.119) 
(0.111) 

Parent Divorce t − 2 
0.0217 
−0.0154 

(0.0830) 
(0.120) 

Age 
0.0493 
0.0387 
0.0616 

(0.0526) 
(0.0797) 
(0.0691) 

Age sq. 
−1.59e-05 
−0.000737 
0.000526 

(0.000806) 
(0.00122) 
(0.00107) 

Income 
−0.00359 
0.00298 
−0.00981  *  *  

(0.00236) 
(0.00359) 
(0.00385) 

Income sq. 
1.95e-06 
−2.59e-05 
4.83e-05 

(2.38e-05) 
(2.82e-05) 
(6.26e-05) 

Student 
−0.0159 
0.0540 
−0.0880  *  

(0.0354) 
(0.0516) 
(0.0485) 

Unemployed 
−0.334  *  *  *  
−0.295  *  *  *  
−0.373  *  *  *  

(0.0422) 
(0.0662) 
(0.0537) 

Disabled 
−0.672  *  *  *  
−0.535  *  *  *  
−0.790  *  *  *  

(0.112) 
(0.175) 
(0.143) 

Still with Parents 
0.0827  *  *  *  
0.0640 
0.108  *  *  

(0.0316) 
(0.0472) 
(0.0421) 

Married 
0.0930  *  *  
0.0874 
0.109  *  

(0.0467) 
(0.0671) 
(0.0653) 

Cohabiting 
0.125  *  *  *  
0.0779 
0.186  *  *  *  

(0.0346) 
(0.0493) 
(0.0486) 

Observations 
16663 
8299 
8364 

Number of Individuals 
3388 
1671 
1717 

R-squared 
0.010 
0.009 
0.018 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="20,51.11,52.92,333.10,551.95"><head>Table 11</head><label>11</label><figDesc>Regression equations in which students' life satisfaction is the dependent variable-with a variable for parental divorce in the last 3 years and 5 years. Lab experiment and BHPS data VARIABLES A series of dummy indicating the highest academic qualifications achieved (higher degree, 1st degree, teaching, a level, o level, cse, none of these)</figDesc><table coords="20,79.39,52.97,301.89,551.89">(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

Life satisf. 

Life satisf. 

Life satisf. 

Life satisf. 

Life satisf. 

Life satisf. 

Lab. exp. 

Lab. exp. 

Lab. exp. 

BHPS data 

BHPS data 

BHPS data 

Divorce less than 3 yr ago 

0.185 

0.0679 

(0.338) 

(0.469) 

Divorce less than 5 yr ago 

0.203 

0.868  *  *  

(0.278) 

(0.390) 

Years since Divorce 

−0.0141 

−0.152  *  

(0.0732) 

(0.0879) 

Male 

0.0902 

0.0904 

0.0964 

0.180 

0.106 

0.0517 

(0.161) 

(0.160) 

(0.160) 

(0.125) 

(0.128) 

(0.122) 

Age 

−0.353 

−0.343 

−0.336 

0.343 

0.254 

0.382 

(0.627) 

(0.626) 

(0.626) 

(0.334) 

(0.342) 

(0.298) 

Age sq. 

0.00822 

0.00799 

0.00784 

−0.00888 

−0.00510 

−0.00814 

(0.0142) 

(0.0142) 

(0.0142) 

(0.00758) 

(0.00776) 

(0.00661) 

Year Study 

−0.0449 

−0.0460 

−0.0467 

(0.111) 

(0.111) 

(0.111) 

HS Grades 

0.605  *  

0.617  *  *  

0.609  *  

(0.311) 

(0.311) 

(0.311) 

Academic Qualifications + 

No 

No 

No 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Observations 

254 

254 

254 

328 

328 

356 

R-squared 

0.044 

0.045 

0.043 

0.041 

0.024 

0.016 

+ 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_11" coords="21,51.80,52.98,336.76,456.06"><head>Table 12</head><label>12</label><figDesc>Fixed-effect estimation of parental divorce in year t on the life satisfaction of individuals aged between 16 and 30 (BHPS data)</figDesc><table coords="21,51.80,80.89,336.72,428.14">VARIABLES 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 

Life satisfaction 
Life satisfaction 
Life satisfaction 
Life satisfaction 

female 
male 
male 

Parent Divorce t + 1 
−0.0161 
−0.0725 
0.0539 
0.0706 

(0.0762) 
(0.109) 
(0.106) 
(0.109) 

Parent Divorce t 
0.0452 
0.0692 
0.0218 
0.0302 

(0.0762) 
(0.110) 
(0.106) 
(0.113) 

Parent Divorce t − 1 
0.0173 
−0.0406 
0.0752 
0.114 

(0.0753) 
(0.106) 
(0.107) 
(0.115) 

Parent Divorce t − 2 
0.0147 

(0.118) 

Age 
−0.115  *  *  *  
−0.0384 
−0.204  *  *  *  
−0.209  *  *  *  

(0.0433) 
(0.0626) 
(0.0602) 
(0.0679) 

Age sq. 
0.00240  *  *  *  
0.000491 
0.00461  *  *  *  
0.00543  *  *  *  

(0.000654) 
(0.000950) 
(0.000916) 
(0.00108) 

Income 
0.00251 
0.00136 
0.00735  *  
0.00810  *  *  

(0.00219) 
(0.00321) 
(0.00383) 
(0.00398) 

Income sq. 
−1.43e-05 
−4.68e-06 
−9.11e-05 
−0.000106 

(2.14e-05) 
(2.43e-05) 
(6.46e-05) 
(6.55e-05) 

Student 
0.0420 
0.0815  *  
0.0118 
0.0204 

(0.0310) 
(0.0431) 
(0.0451) 
(0.0501) 

Unemployed 
−0.337  *  *  *  
−0.240  *  *  *  
−0.421  *  *  *  
−0.427  *  *  *  

(0.0388) 
(0.0575) 
(0.0526) 
(0.0569) 

Disabled 
−0.556  *  *  *  
−0.352  *  *  
−0.753  *  *  *  
−0.784  *  *  *  

(0.103) 
(0.148) 
(0.143) 
(0.151) 

Still with Parents 
−0.0487 
−0.0571 
−0.0338 
−0.00613 

(0.0297) 
(0.0420) 
(0.0422) 
(0.0440) 

Married 
0.196  *  *  *  
0.229  *  *  *  
0.141  *  *  
0.154  *  *  

(0.0452) 
(0.0613) 
(0.0678) 
(0.0692) 

Cohabiting 
0.138  *  *  *  
0.148  *  *  *  
0.119  *  *  
0.142  *  *  *  

(0.0324) 
(0.0437) 
(0.0487) 
(0.0499) 

Observations 
16029 
8086 
7943 
6867 

R-squared 
0.019 
0.014 
0.031 
0.032 

Number of Indiv. 
3816 
1895 
1921 
1655 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="3">Some bad life events, such as family illness and bereavement, do have a significant negative effect on subjects' happiness and productivity, both measured in the same general way as here<ref type="bibr" coords="3,321.92,529.74,59.76,7.17" target="#b12">(Oswald et al. 2009</ref>). Hence it is not simply that the nature of the test is intrinsically one of low power. 4 In this respect, as<ref type="bibr" coords="3,114.46,552.03,97.33,7.17" target="#b20">Stevenson and Wolfers (2007)</ref> notice: "while children from divorced households fare worse along a range of outcomes than those from intact households, this observation does not speak to the policy-relevant question of whether those children would have been better off if their parents had not divorced. The conflict in these households may be so severe that children are actually better served by their parents divorcing. Thus comparisons of the "happily married" with the "unhappily divorced" are likely irrelevant for those choosing between an unhappy marriage and an unhappy divorce".</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="5">For more on the role of priming in surveys, see<ref type="bibr" coords="4,207.43,599.42,56.64,7.17" target="#b18">Sgroi et al. (2010)</ref>.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="6">For two subjects we reluctantly decided to drop data on the additions score. One of these was in session 9, ID04, who was a severely disabled student who could not cope with the task (correct additions = 1) and another in session 12, ID12, who suffered from a severe misunderstanding of the task, attempting to add the number vertically rather than horizontally (correct additions = 0). Our paper's findings do not depend on this deletion. 7 This is not a crucial issue, but literally implies that we think the effect of the divorce completed faded away after 6 years, so individuals whose parents have divorced more than 5 years ago are not distinguishable from all individuals who did not experienced this event. We also note that setting Years since divorce = 10, when no divorce occurred in the last 5 years, makes this coefficient of Years since divorce generally more significant.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="8">To examine how the well-being of children changes over time in response to parental dissolution, we would ideally know the literal date at which individuals felt their marriage ended, as opposed to the legal date of divorce. The approach that is taken in the paper, as in Gardener and<ref type="bibr" coords="12,290.73,571.09,47.37,7.17" target="#b7">Oswald (2006)</ref> for the study of adults' well-being, is to define 'divorce' (marital termination) as being either a legal divorce or a marital separation. Our data record formal marital breakdown; they do not cover the dissolution of cohabiting relationships.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="9">Similar analysis using previous waves generally produces comparable results.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="10">Recall that t is the year of the legal divorce, so a separation is likely to have taken place before.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="11">None of the preceding years are significant when we include them in the regression model.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="12">InTables 8 and 9, the sign of the income variable upon happiness is sometimes positive for male subjects. The occasional occurrence of this counter-intuitive result is known to scholars who analyse the BHPS dataset. One possible explanation is that there are omitted variables that correlate with both mental distress and income-things like long commutes and stress that comes with particular jobs (see<ref type="bibr" coords="16,338.32,589.92,50.22,7.17" target="#b1">Clark 2003 and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,51.80,599.42,61.73,7.17" target="#b16">Powdthavee (2010)</ref> for more details).</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Acknowledgements For fine research assistance and valuable discussions, we are indebted to Malena Digiuni, Alex Dobson, Stephen Lovelady, and Lucy Rippon. For helpful advice, we would like to record our deep gratitude to Nattavudh Powdthavee. The ESRC and Leverhulme Trust provided research funding.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,264.66,336.77,7.17;22,68.74,274.14,170.74,7.17" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Children of divorce in the 1990s: an update of the Amato and Keith (1991) metaanalysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Amato</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Family Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="370" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,283.79,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,293.28,102.23,7.17" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Unemployment as a social norm: psychological evidence from panel data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="351" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,302.92,336.77,7.17;22,68.74,312.41,319.78,7.17;22,68.74,321.90,17.90,7.17" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modelling the contribution of changes in family life to time trends in adolescent conduct problems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Collishaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Goodman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pickles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Maughan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Science &amp; Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2576" to="2587" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,331.54,336.71,7.17;22,68.74,341.03,110.42,7.17" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Death and divorce: The long-term consequences of parental loss on adolescents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Corak</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="682" to="715" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,350.68,260.42,7.17" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Subjective well-being</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="542" to="575" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,360.33,336.73,7.17;22,68.74,369.81,319.75,7.17;22,68.74,379.32,51.08,7.17" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceived stress and cortisol levels predict speed of wound healing in healthy male adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ebrecht</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hextall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kirtley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Dyson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Weinman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychoneuroendocrinology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="798" to="809" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,388.95,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,398.45,172.87,7.17" xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The long-term effects of legalizing divorce on children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>González</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Viitanen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Department of Economics, Universitat Pompeu Fabra</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,408.08,336.73,7.17;22,68.74,417.59,232.41,7.17" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do divorcing couples become happier by breaking up</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gardner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Oswald</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series A. Statistics in Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">169</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="319" to="336" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,427.22,336.71,7.17;22,68.74,436.72,167.83,7.17" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is making divorce easier bad for children? The long-run implications of unilateral divorce</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gruber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="799" to="833" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,446.35,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,455.85,228.27,7.17" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The effects of near and actual parental divorce on student achievement and misbehaviour</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hoekstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Mimeo, Department of Economics, University of Pittsburgh</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,465.49,336.76,7.17;22,68.74,474.99,47.10,7.17" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental divorce and children&apos;s adjustment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lansford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="140" to="152" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,484.62,336.76,7.17;22,68.74,494.12,289.27,7.17;22,51.80,503.75,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,513.26,144.14,7.17" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Is my parent&apos;s divorce to blame for my failure in life? A joint model of child educational attainments and parental divorce. Mimeo</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/divorce.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Department of Economics, University of Miami. National Center for Health Statistics</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Marriage and divorce</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,522.89,324.72,7.17" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Happiness and productivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Oswald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Proto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sgroi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>IZA Discussion Paper 4645</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,532.54,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,542.02,153.37,7.17" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Objective confirmation of subjective measures of human well-being: evidence from the USA</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Oswald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">327</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="576" to="579" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,551.67,336.73,7.17;22,68.74,561.16,83.39,7.17" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cohabiting unions, repartnering and mental health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Pevalin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Ermisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1553" to="1559" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,570.80,336.74,7.17;22,68.74,580.29,88.62,7.17" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The impact of divorce on school performance: evidence from France</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Piketty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>CEPR Discussion Paper No. 4146</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.80,589.94,336.72,7.17;22,68.74,599.42,151.37,7.17" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How much does money really matter? Estimating the causal effects of income on happiness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Powdthavee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Empirical Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,51.80,57.46,336.75,7.17;23,68.74,66.93,242.08,7.17" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental divorce and student performance: evidence from longitudinal data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sanz-De-Galdeano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vuri</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="321" to="338" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,51.80,76.38,336.76,7.17;23,68.74,85.84,199.38,7.17" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Priming and the reliability of subjective wellbeing measures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sgroi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Oswald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Proto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,51.80,95.31,336.74,7.17;23,68.74,104.78,176.18,7.17" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bargaining in the shadow of the law: divorce laws and family distress</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Stevenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wolfers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">121</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="288" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,51.80,114.25,336.71,7.17;23,68.74,123.70,128.73,7.17" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marriage and divorce: changes and their driving forces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Stevenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wolfers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Economic Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
