<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">The effect of green partnerships on firm value</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anna</forename><surname>Sadovnikova</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ashish</forename><surname>Pujari</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">The effect of green partnerships on firm value</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note type="submission">Received: 10 August 2015 / Accepted: 14 June 2016 / Published online: 11 July 2016 # Academy of Marketing Science 2016</note>
					<note>ORIGINAL EMPIRICAL RESEARCH</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:16+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Green strategic partnerships Corporate environmentalism Organizational capabilities Firm performance Shareholder value</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Many businesses increasingly use strategic partnerships to manage corporate environmental agendas. However, how value is created in green partnerships remains largely unexplored. To address this gap, the authors examine the effects of announcements of green partnerships (marketing versus technology) on shareholder value. It is argued that in green partnerships firms leverage marketing and technology-related capabilities for value-enhancing purposes. The results show that announcements of green marketing partnerships have an immediate positive and significant effect on shareholder value, whereas announcements of green technology partnerships produce an immediate negative and significant effect. Nevertheless, green technology partnerships can accrue positive returns, but over a longer-term (1 year) period. In Bdirtierî ndustries, it is more difficult to generate positive returns to green partnerships. Counterintuitively, though, in highpolluting industries, firms having a history of positive environmental performance experience lower financial gains from announcements of green partnerships than firms that were less environmentally responsible in the past.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>The topic of corporate environmentalism continues to grow in importance in today's business world. Responding to social pressures for environmental stewardship, businesses dedicate substantial organizational resources to sustainable products and practices <ref type="bibr" coords="1,359.60,458.23,51.20,8.75" target="#b50">(Kotler 2011)</ref>.</p><p>In their quest to make their businesses greener, many firms increasingly rely on strategic partnerships with other organizations in the market <ref type="bibr" coords="1,391.00,495.59,84.32,8.75" target="#b99">(Wassmer et al. 2014)</ref>. For example, in 2013-2014, Exxon Mobile engaged in 11 environmentally oriented partnerships. Wal-Mart's 2014 Corporate Social Responsibility Report listed more than 20 ongoing green collaborations with suppliers, universities, and NGOs. Ford Motors' website touts nearly 30 collaborative green initiatives with North American and international organizations, many extending over several years. Forbes recently declared sustainability-oriented alliances among the top ten trends in the business world <ref type="bibr" coords="1,381.35,607.67,88.44,8.75">(Forbes, Jan. 18, 2012)</ref>.</p><p>Inter-firm partnerships represent an established and active research area, have shown to be an important vehicle for fostering firm performance and account for as much as one-third of a firm's revenue <ref type="bibr" coords="1,392.11,657.44,56.45,8.75" target="#b29">(Gulati 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,452.73,657.44,87.06,8.75" target="#b58">Mani and Luo 2015)</ref>. Nevertheless, practice reveals that they are risky and costly endeavors, and many fall short of meeting expectations <ref type="bibr" coords="1,522.77,682.39,21.41,8.75;1,306.12,694.80,66.36,8.75" target="#b42">(Kale and Singh 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,376.03,694.80,108.98,8.75" target="#b100">Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref>. The environmental sustainability context makes the prospects of inter-firm Satish Jayachandran served as Area Editor for this article.</p><p>Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11747-016-0490-9) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. partnerships even less certain. A recent meta-analytical review by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,64.57,72.15,88.19,8.75" target="#b59">Margolis et al. (2009)</ref> suggests that socially responsible companies may do better than their not so responsible counterparts. However, there is no definitive conclusion if the effect of corporate environmentalism, as an integral part of firm CSR efforts, on a firm's bottom line is exclusively positive <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.03,134.46,76.55,8.75" target="#b39">(Jacobs et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.63,134.46,101.26,8.75" target="#b21">Dixon-Fowler et al. 2013)</ref>. Despite their growing significance to business practice, green partnerships still remain a poorly understood phenomenon <ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.30,159.34,36.75,8.75;2,51.02,171.82,54.40,8.75" target="#b55">(Lin and Darnall 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.63,171.82,97.03,8.75" target="#b83">Selsky and Parker 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,208.86,171.82,80.26,8.75;2,51.02,184.23,22.49,8.75" target="#b86">Sharma and Kearins 2011)</ref> with unclear rewards <ref type="bibr" coords="2,161.99,184.23,85.09,8.75" target="#b99">(Wassmer et al. 2014)</ref>. The economic potential of inter-firm green strategies has not yet been fully explored <ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.32,209.17,75.10,8.75" target="#b14">(Cronin et al. 2011)</ref>.</p><p>Given the importance of strategic partnerships in the marketplace, and in response to the call for more research into the implementation forms and outcomes of corporate green strategies <ref type="bibr" coords="2,73.30,258.95,92.61,8.75" target="#b7">(Chabowski et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,168.32,258.95,71.44,8.75" target="#b14">Cronin et al. 2011)</ref>, we explore the effects of announcements of green strategic partnership on shareholder value. We address the following key research questions:</p><p>1. How do green strategic partnerships contribute to shareholder wealth? 2. What firm-and industry-related green factors drive the magnitude of the impact of green partnership announcements on shareholder wealth?</p><p>We adapt <ref type="bibr" coords="2,103.99,395.91,60.69,8.75" target="#b29">Gulati's (1998)</ref> definition of strategic partnerships and apply it to the green context. We define green strategic partnerships as voluntary arrangements between two or more organizations for the purpose of exchanging, sharing or co-developing environmentally friendly, or Bgreen^, products, technologies or services to pursue a set of strategic green goals or address critical business needs. Furthermore, in this paper, we distinguish between green marketing and green technology partnerships. A green marketing partnership is an agreement among organizations focusing on the green value chain activities, penetration of green markets, promotion of green product and services, and customer acquisition and retention <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.03,545.35,65.90,8.75" target="#b73">(Park et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,119.07,545.35,132.96,8.75" target="#b94">Swaminathan and Moorman 2009)</ref>. A green technology partnership is an agreement among organizations to jointly develop new, environmentally friendly products and services or implement novel greener production technologies <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.03,595.19,64.65,8.75" target="#b15">(Das et al. 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,118.32,595.19,56.70,8.75" target="#b69">Mowery 1989)</ref>.</p><p>We propose a model that links green strategic partnerships and firm stock market value and examine the boundary conditions under which firms may experience positive or negative financial returns to announcements of green strategic partnerships. Building on the corporate social responsibility (CSR) and organizational capabilities literature, we propose that in green partnerships, firms combine organizational resources such as marketing and technology capabilities with firms' environmental expertise for value-creating purposes.</p><p>Based on an extensive archival search, we develop a unique dataset of 190 green strategic partnerships announced by 59 firms in <ref type="bibr" coords="2,336.87,84.60,19.00,8.75">[2005]</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,355.87,84.60,4.75,8.75">[2006]</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,360.62,84.60,19.00,8.75">[2007]</ref> and analyze it by event study and regression analyses. Specifically, we find that in the short term, stock markets react more favorably to the news about green marketing partnerships than to the news about green technology partnerships. The latter are still able to accrue positive financial returns but only over longer periods. When considering firm-and industry-related green factors, mixed patterns emerge. Investors become skeptical and discount stock market value of a firm if it has a history of poor environmental performance in the past or if it operates in the pollution-intensive industry. However, a firm's good green behavior in the past seems to have no direct effect on investors' valuation of green partnerships.</p><p>This study offers several contributions. First, we focus on the CSR practice, which is increasingly relevant for practitioners-green strategic partnerships-and quantify their impact on the stock market performance of a firm. Second, we identify the roles that marketing and technology capabilities play in green strategic partnerships and outline the pathways these capabilities can be leveraged for eco-based competitive advantage. We further explore the relative importance of marketing versus technology capabilities with respect to value creation potential in the context of green strategic partnerships. Finally, we incorporate other firm-and industry-related green factors that have not been previously considered, such as prior environmental performance of a firm and the industry's environmental profile (industry pollution levels). In this respect, we contribute to a long-standing debate about who is to benefit more from corporate environmentalism-those firms that only recently started to Bgreen^their businesses or the firms that have consistently been working on improving their environmental performance <ref type="bibr" coords="2,384.27,458.22,85.67,8.75" target="#b31">(Hart and Ahuja 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,472.07,458.22,68.04,8.75" target="#b97">Varadarajan 2015)</ref>.</p><p>The rest of the paper is organized as follows. First, we briefly review the literature on the impact of corporate CSR on firm financial performance. Then, we develop a set of hypotheses explaining how organizational capabilities affect the relationships between the announcements of green strategic partnerships and firms' stock market value. We then proceed with the methodology and results and conclude with implications for theory and practice and limitations of the study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical background and hypotheses development Corporate environmentalism and firm financial performance</head><p>The paradigm of environmental sustainability is considered by many as a common goal for societal and economic development <ref type="bibr" coords="2,328.82,694.81,98.03,8.75" target="#b75">(Peloza and Shang 2011)</ref>. Understanding what growth opportunities sustainability can provide, while minimizing the negative impact on the biosphere, has become paramount for organizational survival <ref type="bibr" coords="3,140.88,72.15,77.27,8.75" target="#b12">(Connelly et al. 2011</ref>). Research on the economic impact of corporate environmentalism surfaced more than three decades ago and only continues to grow <ref type="bibr" coords="3,51.01,109.51,53.53,8.75" target="#b74">(Peattie 2001)</ref>. A recent meta-analytical review by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,254.26,109.51,34.84,8.75;3,51.01,121.98,49.25,8.75" target="#b59">Margolis et al. (2009)</ref> summarizes a large volume of research on the topic and concludes that corporate social responsibility efforts may enhance firm financial performance, but the ultimate effect is contingent on various organizational and market-related characteristics.</p><p>Recently, several studies have adopted the contingency perspective to explore what factors might affect the association between firm CSR and its financial outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="3,239.41,209.17,49.80,8.75;3,51.01,221.59,59.33,8.75" target="#b3">(Barnett and Salomon 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,112.81,221.59,85.21,8.75" target="#b13">Crittenden et al. 2011)</ref>. For example, an early paper by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,87.46,234.06,114.45,8.75" target="#b56">Luo and Bhattacharya (2006)</ref> examined how efforts to increase consumer satisfaction help leverage firm CSR for shareholder wealth. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,127.88,258.95,94.16,8.75" target="#b65">Mishra and Modi (2016)</ref> expanded on that issue by exploring the complementarity effects between marketing capabilities and CSR activities to enhance shareholder value. Another stream of papers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,190.03,296.31,99.07,8.75;3,51.01,308.78,22.81,8.75" target="#b8">(Chakrabarty and Wang 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,77.71,308.78,89.94,8.75" target="#b45">Katsikeas et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,171.54,308.78,117.55,8.75" target="#b57">Luo and Bhattacharya 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,51.01,321.25,73.26,8.75" target="#b93">Surroca et al. 2010</ref>) focused on the role and contributions of organizational innovation to the relationship between CSR and firm performance. The representative research on the topic and the relevant findings are summarized in <ref type="table" coords="3,234.18,358.55,27.72,8.75" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>.</p><p>We further extend this line of research by proposing that various organizational capabilities have a differential effect on the relationship between inter-firm green strategies and firm financial performance. We explore the relative importance of different types of organizational capabilities, specifically marketing capabilities versus technology capabilities, in the context of green strategic partnership.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Organizational capabilities and green strategic partnerships</head><p>Firm marketing capabilities can be broadly defined as an organizational capacity to compete in the marketplace, based on superior market sensing and stakeholder linking <ref type="bibr" coords="3,221.17,532.94,37.84,8.75" target="#b16">(Day 1994</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,265.20,532.94,15.95,8.75" target="#b17">(Day , 2011</ref>.</p><p>Market-sensing capabilities help organizations to identify critical consumer needs. In the green context, partnerships with environmental activist groups, research institutions, and NGOs provide firms with access to a variety of unique environmental knowledge accumulated by those organizations <ref type="bibr" coords="3,244.74,595.19,44.44,8.75;3,51.01,607.66,73.25,8.75" target="#b80">(Rondinelli and London 2003)</ref>. Strong market-sensing capabilities help identify environmental knowledge and competencies most relevant for addressing the needs of firm customers and the broader stakeholder community. For example, in a partnership with NGO Greenpeace, German company Foron successfully combined its market knowledge and Greenpeace's unique environmental expertise to create a first-of-its-kind Freon-free refrigerator. The far-reaching outcome of the collaboration was an emergence of a whole new industry of eco-friendly refrigerators in Europe <ref type="bibr" coords="3,405.63,59.72,87.86,8.75" target="#b92">(Stafford et al. 2000)</ref>. Moreover, market-sensing capabilities can improve firm's value creation potential by erecting competitive barriers and extending firm competitive advantage <ref type="bibr" coords="3,394.84,97.08,42.47,8.75" target="#b16">(Day 1994)</ref>. Strong market-sensing capabilities can assist firms in addressing emerging ecological regulations by learning about them early on and responding preemptively <ref type="bibr" coords="3,359.41,134.44,137.58,8.75" target="#b19">(Delmas and Montes-Sancho 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,499.86,134.44,44.38,8.75;3,306.14,146.85,76.56,8.75" target="#b20">Diestre and Rajagopalan 2011)</ref>. For example, firms can partner with government agencies to lobby regulations that favor their green products or join influential industry associations to promote private industry standards that could raise competitors' costs.</p><p>Stakeholder-linking marketing capabilities help organizations to build and maintain close relationships with the stakeholder community <ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.29,221.57,140.74,8.75" target="#b4">(Bhattacharya and Korschun 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,527.80,221.59,16.49,8.75;3,306.14,234.06,20.41,8.75" target="#b17">Day 2011)</ref>. Consumers increasingly make Bbuy/not to buy^decisions based on the environmental performance of firms <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.15,258.95,81.03,8.75" target="#b14">(Cronin et al. 2011)</ref>. Companies with strong stakeholderlinking capabilities can more effectively inform stakeholders about corporate environmental practices, reinforce firms' green image in consumer minds and stimulate them to buy firms' eco-friendly products <ref type="bibr" coords="3,390.21,308.79,60.24,8.75" target="#b22">(Du et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,452.98,308.79,69.84,8.75" target="#b98">Wagner et al. 2009</ref>).</p><p>Because green products are typically credence goods, for which eco-quality often cannot be fully asserted even after a purchase, other factors such as firm green reputation play an increasingly important role <ref type="bibr" coords="3,410.78,358.56,45.50,8.75" target="#b88">(Siegel 2009</ref>). Research has shown that in consumers' minds, companies become increasingly tied to the environmental performance of their business partners and can be Bovershadowed^by their green reputation <ref type="bibr" coords="3,496.03,395.92,48.22,8.75;3,306.15,408.39,53.23,8.75" target="#b95">(Vachon and Klassen 2006)</ref>. By partnering with green market leaders, firms elevate their own environmental profile and provide stronger signals of green value to stakeholders <ref type="bibr" coords="3,451.47,433.28,92.75,8.75;3,306.15,445.75,21.91,8.75" target="#b63">(McWilliams and Siegel 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,330.92,445.75,80.43,8.75" target="#b96">van Marrewijk 2003)</ref>. Because green products are generally perceived to have additional functional benefits of environmental friendliness, firms can charge premium prices for those and enjoy higher revenues and profits <ref type="bibr" coords="3,481.66,483.11,62.63,8.75;3,306.15,495.59,21.91,8.75" target="#b36">(Homburg et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,330.58,495.59,66.67,8.75" target="#b71">Olsen et al. 2014)</ref>.</p><p>Firm technology capabilities reflect firms' capacity to convert resource inputs to desirable outputs more effectively and efficiently via product and process innovation <ref type="bibr" coords="3,486.07,532.95,58.15,8.75;3,306.15,545.36,63.91,8.75" target="#b68">(Moorman and Slotegraaf 1999)</ref>. Firms with advanced technology capabilities assume superior economic performance because of greater competitiveness, higher growth potential, and ability to address emerging consumer needs in a timely manner <ref type="bibr" coords="3,517.83,582.72,26.49,8.75;3,306.15,595.19,76.09,8.75" target="#b67">(Mizik and Jacobson 2003)</ref>.</p><p>Products and processes with innovative green technologies at the core help respond to green market demands and optimize costs and improve operational efficiencies <ref type="bibr" coords="3,496.87,632.55,47.33,8.75;3,306.14,645.02,20.81,8.75" target="#b11">(Closs et al. 2011)</ref>. For example, in green partnerships with channel members, firms can track the green performance of their products from cradle to grave, develop innovative zero-waste products with a closed-loop life cycle, remove hazardous materials and implement substitutes for depleting and increasingly costly inputs, thus minimizing costs and improving operational efficiencies <ref type="bibr" coords="4,98.60,495.59,75.36,8.75" target="#b77">(Pujari et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,177.56,495.59,70.70,8.75" target="#b97">Varadarajan 2015)</ref>. In green partnerships with unrelated partners, firms can implement joint production operation systems, in which partners utilize each other's by-products and waste that would otherwise be discarded <ref type="bibr" coords="4,92.07,545.42,93.40,8.75" target="#b60">(Mariadoss et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,189.13,545.42,78.51,8.75" target="#b87">Sharma et al. 2010)</ref>. For example, the beer producer Molson Coors Brewery and Merrick and Company, specializing in the renewable energy markets, have jointly developed and implemented a unique technology allowing for the conversion of brewing byproducts to gas substitute ethanol <ref type="bibr" coords="4,190.59,607.67,94.32,8.75" target="#b53">(Kwok and Rabe 2010)</ref>. The partners have maximized joint utilization of organizational resources, leveraged the efficiencies of material and energy savings and reduced operating and production costs, thus increasing economic benefits.</p><p>In summary, in green strategic partnerships, firms combine marketing and technology capabilities with environmental expertise for value creation purposes. Partners mitigate the risks of scarcity of valuable resources by making them last longer, optimize firm costs by improving operational efficiencies, and increase revenues by better linking with stakeholders and exploiting emerging opportunities in the green markets. Consequently, we hypothesize that H1: Announcements of green strategic partnerships will positively affect firm market value.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Marketing versus technology capabilities in green strategic partnerships</head><p>Organizational resources that are more unique and inimitable can become a better source of competitive advantage and have a greater value creation potential <ref type="bibr" coords="4,443.70,669.92,49.01,8.75" target="#b38">(Hunt 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,496.48,669.92,47.81,8.75;4,306.17,682.39,43.21,8.75" target="#b51">Kozlenkova et al. 2014)</ref>. Marketing literature suggests that marketing capabilities might be difficult to imitate due to their social complexity <ref type="bibr" coords="4,338.23,707.28,82.59,8.75" target="#b23">(Eisend et al. 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,424.77,707.28,119.51,8.75" target="#b52">Krasnikov and Jayachandran</ref>  The effect of inter-firm green strategies on firm financial performance is contingent on firm capabilities utilized, firm's past green performance and industry pollution intensity 2008). By contrast, knowledge related to technology capabilities is more likely to be codified and disclosed in patents, allowing competitors to build on or work around those inventions, and renders technology capabilities, to a greater degree, prone to imitation <ref type="bibr" coords="5,123.29,109.51,92.71,8.75" target="#b41">(Joshi and Nerkar 2011)</ref>.</p><p>In the green context, those discrepancies are presumably even more pronounced. Today, firms are expected to respond to the demands of diverse stakeholder groups beyond the traditional customers, employees, channel members, and investors <ref type="bibr" coords="5,67.92,171.82,73.26,8.75" target="#b27">(Ferrell et al. 2010)</ref>. The disparate, often conflicting, perspectives of various stakeholders need to be negotiated, balanced and aligned with firm economic objectives, which requires fine-tuned market intelligence, higher-order organizational learning, cultural sensitivity and openness to opposing viewpoints -skills that are socially complex, tacit, and causally ambiguous <ref type="bibr" coords="5,114.40,246.53,92.27,8.75" target="#b35">(Hillebrand et al. 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,209.76,246.53,79.49,8.75;5,51.02,258.95,21.05,8.75" target="#b64">Mish and Scammon 2010)</ref>. Furthermore, firms are not under any pressure to release knowledge related to marketing capabilities in the public domain <ref type="bibr" coords="5,82.82,283.89,139.37,8.75" target="#b52">(Krasnikov and Jayachandran 2008)</ref>.</p><p>In contrast, in the green context, technology capabilities are not only more likely to be codified and disclosed via patents as previously noted, but because of the social desirability of green technologies, firms might be under pressure to share those in the public domain to facilitate the diffusion of green practices in society. For example, after the commercial success of a Freonfree refrigerator co-developed by Foron and Greenpeace was proven, Greenpeace pressured its partner to make the technology available for free to other interested firms, to accelerate dissemination and ensure mass adoption of the innovation <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.02,420.86,78.19,8.75" target="#b92">(Stafford et al. 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Thus, marketing capabilities are more difficult for competitors to imitate than technology capabilities are because the former are less tangible and less formalized and based on experiential learning, whereas the latter are more likely to be codified and disclosed in the public domain due to social pressures. Thus, in the context of green strategic partnerships, marketing capabilities represent a better source of competitive advantage and have a greater potential to enhance firm performance than technology capabilities do <ref type="bibr" coords="5,153.75,532.94,45.18,8.75" target="#b38">(Hunt 2011)</ref>. Accordingly, H2: Announcements of green marketing partnerships will have a greater positive impact on firm market value than announcements of green technology partnerships.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Firms' prior green performance and green strategic partnerships</head><p>Corporate environmental performance can be negative, reflecting an environmentally reactive position of a firm, or it can be positive, reflecting a firm's environmentally proactive stance. A reactive firm keeps environmental activities to a legal minimum for the mere purpose of reducing liabilities associated with non-compliance. An environmentally proactive firm goes beyond the legal minimums and voluntarily exceeds the environmental standards <ref type="bibr" coords="5,468.56,84.60,75.67,8.75;5,306.14,97.08,22.25,8.75" target="#b32">(Hart and Dowell 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,330.73,97.08,68.22,8.75" target="#b44">Kärnä et al. 2003)</ref>. Importantly, firms may demonstrate positive, proactive environmental behavior in some of their business operations, while exhibiting negative, reactive environmental practices in other functional areas (Aragon-Correa and Rubio-Lopez 2007). Prior green performance is indicative of green competencies and expertise a firm has developed and affects investors' valuation of a firm's future cash flow. Prior negative green performance suggests that a firm previously followed a course of actions that was minimally acceptable and mandatory for everyone, for example, installed a minimal end-of-pipe pollution control equipment to ensure that emissions did not exceed a specific threshold. By following this path, a firm incurred costs associated with environmental policy compliance but did not acquire any green expertise because anyone can follow the same nominal strategy <ref type="bibr" coords="5,426.71,283.87,52.81,8.75" target="#b38">(Hunt 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,484.02,283.87,60.20,8.75;5,306.12,296.29,60.78,8.75" target="#b54">Leonidou and Leonidou 2011)</ref>. Although an announcement of a green partnership might signal that a firm intends to improve its environmental performance, because a firm has no unique environmental expertise to be leveraged with marketing and technology capabilities in a green partnership, such a firm is subject to higher liability risks and poor financial performance.</p><p>In contrast, prior positive green performance indicates that a firm has been consistently working on improving its environmental performance. A firm's proactive environmental position has already been ingrained in investors' minds and built into their expectations of a firm's future cash flow. Announcement of one more environmentally positive action is consistent with the status quo and will not change the stock market valuation of a firm. Thus, H3a: A firm's prior negative green performance will be negatively associated with a change in the stock market value of the firm in response to announcements of green strategic partnerships. H3b: A firm's prior positive green performance will not have an effect on the stock market value of the firm in response to announcements of green strategic partnerships.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Industry pollution intensity and green strategic partnerships</head><p>Extant literature suggests that certain industry attributes can have a differential effect on the stock market valuation of strategic partnerships. Industries vary in terms of their pollution intensity-the average emission rates of various pollutants associated with industry activities. In industries that produce high pollution levels, so-called Bdirty^industries such as petroleum production or chemical industries, firms face higher liability risks and are subject to greater scrutiny and more stringent environmental regulations <ref type="bibr" coords="6,156.23,72.15,73.42,8.75" target="#b97">(Varadarajan 2015)</ref>. Research has shown that firms under unfavorable regulatory regimes assume higher costs of capital <ref type="bibr" coords="6,137.63,97.10,105.31,8.75" target="#b28">(Filbeck and Gorman 2004)</ref>. Moreover, in those Bstigmatized^industries, environmental costs comprise a sizable portion of firms' total operational costs. To improve environmental performance, firms undergo significant upgrades of operations far above and beyond pollution prevention measures that are small in scale and easy to implement <ref type="bibr" coords="6,95.69,171.82,124.07,8.75" target="#b20">(Diestre and Rajagopalan 2011)</ref>. Advanced technological modernizations for improving firms' environmental performance result in escalating costs and rapidly diminishing returns on investments (Aragon-Correa and Rubio-Lopez 2007; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,77.84,221.59,89.89,8.75" target="#b31">Hart and Ahuja 1996)</ref>. Hence, in dirtier industries, cost-related benefits of environmental improvements achieved in a green partnership will be lower than in less dirty economy sectors.</p><p>Furthermore, in dirtier industries, the potential of marketing capabilities to leverage a firm's green expertise for value creation purposes might be limited due to weaker stakeholder linking. According to a recent study <ref type="bibr" coords="6,191.96,308.78,93.06,8.75" target="#b2">(Barnett and King 2008)</ref>, people often hold persistent, unquestioned beliefs regarding the potential ecological threats posed by highly polluting industries and do not discriminate between the firms that act responsibly and improve their environmental performance and those that do not. As a result of the negative reputational commons associated with the industry as a whole, stakeholders push for more stringent control and liability measures for the total population of firms in the industry, rather than underachievers alone <ref type="bibr" coords="6,137.56,420.86,96.83,8.75" target="#b2">(Barnett and King 2008)</ref>. The finance literature also suggests the persistence of the negative Bhalo effect^when the wrongdoings of a few firms might have longterm negative financial consequences for the whole industry <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.03,470.63,107.12,8.75" target="#b40">(Jarrell and Peltzman 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,160.79,470.63,52.09,8.75" target="#b66">Mitchell 1989</ref>). Thus, H4a: All other things being equal, industry pollution intensity is negatively related to the change in firm's stock market value in response to announcements of green strategic partnerships.</p><p>With respect to the past performance of firms operating in pollution-intensive industries, prior positive green performance suggests that a firm has already developed some environmental expertise. However, it also indicates that a firm has implemented at least some voluntary upgrades in excess of legal minimums. Given the disproportionally high negative environmental impact of those industries and the higherthan-average environmental compliance costs incurred by industry incumbents, further and more advanced environmental improvements would require substantial technological modernization of firm operations, which is highly risky and assumes escalating operational costs <ref type="bibr" coords="6,193.44,694.79,91.48,8.75" target="#b31">(Hart and Ahuja 1996)</ref>. As industry Bdirtiness^and the complexity of modernizations increase, the rising costs of upgrades would gradually offset the savings gained from the improvements implemented.</p><p>In contrast, prior negative green performance indicates that a firm did not invest in environmental upgrades and presumably faced higher ecological liability risks in the past. An announcement of a green partnership would signal a firm's intentions to improve its environmental performance. For Bhigh polluters^who just started implementing environmental upgrades, there are still sufficient opportunities for improvements via low-cost pollution-prevention measures, even in the context of dirtier industries (Aragon-Correa and Rubio-Lopez 2007). For those firms, improvements in environmental performance would lead to lower liabilities and better financial performance in the future. Therefore, H4b and (c): As the level of industry pollution intensity increases, a firm with more negative (positive) green performance in the past will experience higher (lower) returns to announcements of green strategic partnerships.</p><p>The theoretical model is summarized in <ref type="figure" coords="6,474.46,308.79,21.69,8.75">Fig. 1</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Research methodology</head><p>To test the theory herein proposed, we use event study and regression analyses. The event study allows for testing the causal effects of green partnership announcements on a change in firm market value <ref type="bibr" coords="6,385.07,408.40,119.92,8.75" target="#b91">(Srinivasan and Hanssens 2009)</ref>. Through cross-sectional analyses, we explore the determinants of the magnitude of change in firm market value in response to green partnership announcements.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Event study design</head><p>The event study methodology is based on the efficient market hypothesis, which argues that at any moment a stock market price reflects all information regarding that stock in the public domain up to that point <ref type="bibr" coords="6,398.21,532.95,99.80,8.75" target="#b5">(Brown and Warner 1985)</ref>. The methodology allows the impact of an event to be measured by examining the change in stock price when the event becomes public knowledge. We calculate the abnormal return for the stock of a firm i on the day t as follows:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="6,306.14,604.30,67.77,10.45">AR it ¼ R it -NR it ;</formula><p>where AR it is the abnormal return for a firm i on day t, R it is the actual return for a firm i on day t, and NR it is the predicted return of a firm i on day t. The event date is labeled as time t = 0.</p><p>To predict NR it , we utilize the market index model:</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="6,306.14,703.85,95.95,11.30">NR it ¼ α i þ β i R mt þ ε it</formula><p>where α i and β i represent ordinary least squares estimates of the regression coefficients, R mt is the equal-weighted market return on day t, and ε it is an independent and identically distributed disturbance term. We estimate NR it over a period of 255 days that ends 30 days before the event date, assuming that during the estimation period no information regarding the event of interest is released. We calculate the cumulative abnormal return (CAR) of a firm i as the sum of daily abnormal returns over the event window [t 1 , t 2 ]:</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="7,51.02,174.40,97.92,23.80">CAR i t 1 ; t 2 ½ ¼ X t 2 t 1 AR it</formula><p>We estimate the abnormal return on the day of announcement and the cumulative abnormal returns over the various event windows within 10 days either side of the announcement day to control for information leaks and delayed stock market reaction to partnership news. To assess whether the average cumulative abnormal returns are significantly different from zero, we use a combination of the parametric Patell's standardized residual method and the non-parametric generalized sign test <ref type="bibr" coords="7,104.49,309.35,103.94,8.75" target="#b49">(Kothari and Warner 2006)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data collection</head><p>We define an event of interest as a public announcement of a strategic partnership between a publicly traded company and other organizations in the market, with the explicit environmental objectives stated in the announcement. To test the proposed research hypotheses, we collected a dataset of green partnerships announced by publicly traded US companies over the period of 2005-2007. First, we used the KLD Research and Analytics Database to obtain a list of firms for which an independent, third-party assessment of the environmental performance is available. For those firms, we searched the Corporate Register database, which provides access to CSR reports of the largest global corporations. We performed a content analysis of the reports to identify information related to green strategic partnerships. Next, we searched Lexis-Nexis, FACTIVA, newswire services and company websites to identify the dates of the first information releases. If there was ambiguity regarding the precise announcement date, we excluded that announcement from the dataset. We checked for contemporaneous financial (dividend announcements) and management (mergers and acquisitions, other partnerships, law suits, environmental awards, executive management changes, new product launches) announcements. If any such events had occurred in 3 days either side of the announcement day, we removed these announcements from the dataset. We also excluded minor, short-term events that were unlikely to impact the stock market valuation of a firm, e.g., a 1-day computer recycling event organized by a manufacturer in the distributor's location. The final dataset was composed of 54 observations for 2005, 64 observations for 2006 and 83 observations for 2007, 190 events in total. Stock market data were obtained from the Centre for Research in Security Prices (CRSP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Variables</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent variable</head><p>The dependent variable is a firm's short-term abnormal stock returns, estimated using the event study methodology described above.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Independent variables</head><p>Partnership type We operationalized a partnership type as a dummy variable that takes a value of 1 if a firm announced a green marketing partnership and a value of 0 if it announced a green technology partnership. Examples of each type of green partnerships are provided in <ref type="table" coords="7,417.56,283.88,27.72,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref>.</p><p>Firms' prior green performance (positive vs. negative) We operationalized a firm's prior green performance based on the environmental indices from the KLD Research and Analytics database. The KLD environmental indices represent a set of six Bstrengths^and seven Bconcerns^reflective of how firms allocate resources with respect to environmental performance. The Bstrengths^refer to a firm's positive environmental actions (i.e., reliance on renewable energy, use of recycled materials, or commitment to voluntary environmental programs). The Bconcerns^indicate that a substantial portion of firm revenues come from hazardous chemicals or that a firm falls behind industry competitors in environmental improvements or has high environmental liabilities (KLD <ref type="bibr" coords="7,449.67,458.20,94.63,8.75;7,306.20,470.68,37.39,8.75" target="#b47">Research and Analytics, Inc. 2003)</ref>. A firm can have a variety of strengths and concerns and can be evaluated as Bgreen-positive^in some of its business operations and Bgreen-negative^in others. Following other studies in the field, we transformed the individual environmental indices to form the aggregate measure of the Prior Positive Green Performance by summing all the strengths and the aggregate measure of the Prior Negative Green Performance by summing all the concerns. However, we did not aggregate them further to obtain a single measure of a firm's prior green performance because prior research has shown that environmental strengths and environmental concerns are related but theoretically and empirically distinct constructs <ref type="bibr" coords="7,337.40,620.08,142.88,8.75" target="#b18">(Delmas and Doctori-Blass 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,484.56,620.08,59.70,8.75;7,306.15,632.56,53.96,8.75" target="#b62">Mattingly and Berman 2006)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Industry pollution intensity</head><p>We operationalized industry pollution intensity based on the capital expenditures associated with pollution abatement activities in that industry <ref type="bibr" coords="7,510.63,682.39,33.70,8.75;7,306.14,694.80,87.39,8.75" target="#b46">(Klassen and McLaughlin 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,395.60,694.80,42.95,8.75" target="#b101">Zaim 2004)</ref>. Data on industry pollution abatement costs are available from the Pollution Abatement Costs and Expenditures (PACE) reports provided by the U.S. Census Bureau every 2 to 5 years. We used the PACE report 1999, published in 2002. The next report, PACE report 2005, was published in 2008.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control variables</head><p>We also controlled for firm reputation, firm size, firm partnership experience, financial leverage, firm book-to-market ratio and stock market beta, year and industry effects. <ref type="table" coords="8,241.50,337.87,28.97,8.75" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref> provides the details of the variables and sources from which the data were drawn.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Model specification</head><p>The decision of a firm to undertake a strategic move can be influenced by certain private information not observable by stock markets <ref type="bibr" coords="8,108.22,441.62,90.00,8.75" target="#b76">(Prabhala and Li 2007)</ref>. Some firms might be more motivated to pursue green strategies than others <ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.02,466.50,82.24,8.75" target="#b59">(Margolis et al. 2009</ref>). Accordingly, we used the two-stage <ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.02,478.97,65.79,8.75" target="#b34">Heckman (1979)</ref> selection model to control for selection bias due to systematic differences between the firms that choose to engage in green partnerships and those that do not.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Selection model with Heckman procedure</head><p>In the first stage, we obtained a matched sample portfolio consisting of publicly listed firms that did not announce green strategic partnerships during the period under study. Consistent with prior literature, we selected the matched firms based on the same industry sector and similar market capitalization (+/− 20%) for the same year <ref type="bibr" coords="8,199.49,620.08,89.61,8.75" target="#b37">(Homburg et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.02,632.55,149.56,8.75" target="#b78">Purnanandam and Swaminathan 2004)</ref>. In a few cases, when the announcing firm was the largest one and no other firm satisfied a selection criterion of similar size, we matched the firms with the second largest company in that industry. We then ran a probit selection model in which firms' choices to engage in a green strategic partnership were coded as 1 and as 0 if they chose to abstain. Based on a literature review <ref type="bibr" coords="8,261.84,707.27,27.24,8.75;8,306.14,221.64,22.25,8.75" target="#b29">(Gulati 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,330.38,221.64,62.97,8.75" target="#b43">Kale et al. 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,395.42,221.64,62.99,8.75" target="#b85">Shan et al. 1994)</ref>, the following factors were included as likely to affect firm decisions to form green strategic partnerships: firm age, market capitalization, firm sales, firm financial leverage, firm market share, firm partnership experience, industry competitive intensity, industry growth rate, and industry and year-specific effects. A dummy was also included to control for the industries with more stringent environmental regulations (chemicals SIC 28xx, metals SIC 33xx, paper SIC 26xx and petroleum SIC 2911). Firms in those industries are subject to greater scrutiny and may be more motivated to pursue green efficiencies <ref type="bibr" coords="8,480.74,346.13,63.59,8.75;8,306.13,358.61,21.24,8.75" target="#b10">(Cho and Patten 2007)</ref>. For the full details regarding the variables and data sources, please refer to <ref type="table" coords="8,401.48,371.08,28.63,8.75" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>. Because some firms in the dataset announced more than one partnership, we estimated a model with robust errors and clustered events. The results of the first-stage selection model are provided in <ref type="table" coords="8,316.61,508.05,38.69,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table W2</ref> (web appendix). We used the resulting parameters to calculate the inverse Mills ratio lambda and included it as an additional explanatory variable in the second-stage model to control for selection bias.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Second-stage model</head><p>The dependent variable is a firm's abnormal returns, estimated in the event study. The independent variables include industry pollution intensity, firm's prior positive green performance, firm's prior negative green performance and the interaction terms of industry pollution intensity with prior positive and negative green performance. We mean-centered the concerned variables before creating the interaction terms. The model also controls for partnership type, firm size as measured by firm sales, firm financial leverage, firm reputation, firm partnership </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>The dataset comprises 190 partnerships announced by 59 companies over the period 2005-2007 and includes 83 green marketing partnerships and 107 green technology partnerships. Of the 59 firms, 27 were engaged in both green marketing and green technology partnerships. Among those preferring one or another partnership type, 5 firms were exclusively engaged in green marketing partnerships, 7 firms repeatedly engaged in exclusively green technology partnerships. Twenty firms announced only once, either a green marketing or green technology partnership. The average firm market capitalization was $40 963.2 million. The dataset covers three broad economy sectors including 16 industries, as described by 2-digit SIC codes. The food, textile, chemical sector <ref type="bibr" coords="9,111.51,669.92,32.05,8.75">(SIC 20,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,146.06,669.92,11.85,8.75">24,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,160.40,669.92,11.85,8.75">25,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,174.75,669.92,11.85,8.75">26,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,189.10,669.92,11.85,8.75">28,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,203.44,669.92,12.56,8.75">29)</ref> comprised 65 partnerships, or 34% of the dataset. The plastic, metal, and machinery sector <ref type="bibr" coords="9,88.46,694.80,31.30,8.75">(SIC 30,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,121.47,694.80,11.90,8.75">33,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,135.07,694.80,11.85,8.75">34,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,148.62,694.80,11.90,8.75">35,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,162.22,694.80,11.85,8.75">36,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,175.83,694.80,12.56,8.75">37)</ref> comprised 55 partnerships, or 29%. The transportation and public utilities sector <ref type="bibr" coords="9,244.26,707.28,31.31,8.75">(SIC 40,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,277.28,707.28,11.90,8.75">42,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,306.14,271.42,11.90,8.75">48,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,319.68,271.42,12.56,8.75">49)</ref> constituted 70 partnerships, or 37% of the dataset. <ref type="table" coords="9,517.05,271.42,27.18,8.75" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref> provides descriptive statistics and correlations.</p><p>To explore the effects of green partnership announcements, an event study using the market model estimation procedure was implemented. The results demonstrate that stock markets do not react significantly to the aggregate announcements of green partnerships. The aggregation of announcements of different types might obscure the relationships that exist. After the dataset was split into green marketing versus green technology partnerships, an analysis of the daily abnormal returns for the 20 days around the announcements reveals that the day of the event and 1 day after show significant stock market reactions. The results are shown in <ref type="table" coords="9,444.07,420.86,27.72,8.75" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref>.</p><p>Consistent with prior studies in the field <ref type="bibr" coords="9,486.77,433.34,57.49,8.75;9,306.14,445.75,22.25,8.75" target="#b9">(Chaney et al. 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,330.90,445.75,82.34,8.75" target="#b37">Homburg et al. 2014)</ref>, the event windows with the significant parametric and non-parametric statistics in both partnership categories were selected for further analysis.</p><p>Green marketing partnerships reported positive average abnormal returns (+.31%), p &lt; 0.01, on the day of an announcement t = 0 and cumulative abnormal returns (+.49%), p &lt; 0.05, on the next day. Green technology partnerships reported negative average abnormal returns (−.25%), p &lt; 0.05, on the day of an announcement t = 0 and cumulative average abnormal returns (−.32%), p &lt; 0.05, on the next day. <ref type="figure" coords="9,472.01,557.83,72.22,8.75" target="#fig_1">Figures 1, 2, and 3</ref> show the daily (MAR line) and cumulative abnormal returns (MCAR line) following announcements of green marketing partnerships and green technology partnerships, respectively, for the event window (−10, +10).</p><p>The results of mean difference tests for green marketing versus green technology partnerships for both the day of an announcement t = 0 and for the event window (0; +1) also confirm that average abnormal returns (AARs) differ across partnership types at a significance level of p &lt; .05, with the marketing partnership sample reporting positive means and the technology partnership sample reporting negative means <ref type="table" coords="9,306.15,707.27,38.27,8.75" target="#tab_0">(Table W1</ref>, web appendix). Thus, H2 is supported. We also checked whether the observed difference in stock market reaction towards announcements of green marketing versus green technology partnerships can be explained by industry attributes, such as technological turbulence. The prevailing view in the strategic management literature is that in high-tech industries, technology partnerships outperform marketing ones, and the opposite is true for the mature low-tech industries <ref type="bibr" coords="10,91.21,520.48,63.92,8.75" target="#b15">(Das et al. 1998)</ref>. Our dataset includes a good mix of high-and low-tech industries, as defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics <ref type="bibr" coords="10,113.96,545.42,57.33,8.75" target="#b33">(Heckler 2005)</ref>. The green marketing sample has a nearly equal split of 43 partnerships announced by firms in operating in low-tech industries and 40 partnerships announced by companies in high-tech economy sectors. The green technology sample comprises 62 partnerships announced by firms in low-tech industries and 45 partnerships announced by firms in high-tech industries. The mean difference tests conducted on the aggregate sample, as well as separately on the green marketing and green technology subsamples, show no statistically significant difference in mean abnormal returns for the low-tech versus high-tech industries for any of the event windows. From the short-term perspective, irrespective of the industry technological turbulence, announcements of green marketing partnerships consistently generate higher abnormal stock returns than announcements of green technology partnerships do.</p><p>Next, we estimated the long-term abnormal returns to announcements of green strategic partnerships using a longhorizon event study method that allows researchers to test for abnormal returns spread over long horizons, usually 1 to 5 years <ref type="bibr" coords="10,336.76,508.05,104.09,8.75" target="#b49">(Kothari and Warner 2006)</ref>. In line with the literature and following the recommendations presented in a recent review of methodological issues in long-horizon event studies by <ref type="bibr" coords="10,318.16,545.41,86.67,8.75" target="#b0">Ang and Zhang (2011)</ref>, we used two alternative estimation approaches, the buy-and-hold abnormal returns approach and the calendar-time portfolio returns with the Fama-French benchmark. Due to a relatively small sample size, a 1-year horizon was utilized <ref type="bibr" coords="10,387.59,595.18,109.90,8.75" target="#b48">(Kolari and Pynnönen 2010)</ref>.</p><p>The buy-and-hold long-term abnormal returns (BHAR) approach is reflective of a strategy of investing into the stock that completed the event of interest and selling it at the end of the pre-determined holding period. We estimated the BHAR abnormal returns as compounded monthly returns over a 1-year period on a Fama-French benchmark. The calendar-time portfolio long-term abnormal return approach is based on estimating calendar-time portfolio returns for the firms completing the event of interest and calibrating whether those returns are abnormal in a multi-factor regression model over t-month post-event period. We utilized <ref type="bibr" coords="11,172.91,296.31,98.17,8.75" target="#b24">Fama and French (1993)</ref> factors in the multi-factor regression model. Both the BHAR approach and the calendar-time portfolio approach have their weaknesses and limitations. BHAR approach is known to produce inflated estimates due to compounding effects <ref type="bibr" coords="11,269.04,346.15,20.16,8.75;11,51.02,358.62,68.72,8.75" target="#b0">(Ang and Zhang 2011)</ref>, whereas the calendar-time portfolio approach is criticized for having very low power and being overly conservative <ref type="bibr" coords="11,112.99,383.51,104.50,8.75" target="#b49">(Kothari and Warner 2006)</ref>. To address these criticisms and ensure the robustness of the results, we used both approaches. <ref type="table" coords="11,62.37,420.87,29.99,8.75" target="#tab_6">Table 6</ref> shows the results of the analysis. The long-term abnormal returns following the news of green marketing partnerships were not significantly different from zero using either of the two estimation approaches. By contrast, the results for green technology partnerships show positive and statistically significant abnormal returns of approximately 6% of firm market value if estimated with the BHAR model and 4% if estimated using a more conservative calendar-time portfolio within 1 year after the announcement. Despite the initial negative reaction of investors, firms were still able to accrue positive financial returns following the green technology partnership announcements but over a longer period. Thus, based on the results of both short-term and long-term event studies, we found support for H1.</p><p>To test H3a,b and 4a,b,c, we ran cross-sectional analysis. The dataset is longitudinal in nature, wherein some firms announced once and others made multiple announcements over the observed period. In this case, a mixed linear model design was deemed appropriate because it allows researchers to account for unobserved heterogeneity and control for the correlated errors among observations nested within firms over time.</p><p>We specified a mixed model with random intercepts and random slopes reflective of the individual firm and time effects and a set of covariates. The dependent variable is firm abnormal returns on the announcement day t = 0. We used with Restricted Maximum Likelihood (REML) estimation procedure <ref type="bibr" coords="11,348.50,308.78,77.63,8.75" target="#b70">(Müller et al. 2013)</ref>. To examine goodness of fit and identify the best model, we tested the baseline Model 1 with control variables only vs. Model 2 with controls and main effects vs. full Model 3 with the controls, main effects and interaction terms. To compare the models, we used the traditional log-likelihood estimator and the Bayes Information Criterion (BIC), which penalizes more complex models, leading to the optimal, most parsimonious one <ref type="bibr" coords="11,479.17,395.97,60.98,8.75" target="#b82">(Schwarz 1978)</ref>. The model specification that minimizes the log-likelihood and BIC estimators indicates the model that best fits the observed data. The results <ref type="table" coords="11,378.76,433.33,40.67,8.75" target="#tab_3">(Table W3</ref>, web appendix) indicate that Model 3, which includes the controls, main effects and interaction terms and decomposes the direct effects of the industry pollution intensity and a firm's past environmental performance, positive and negative, performs best, reporting the lowest log-likelihood and BIC estimators.</p><p>We report the results of the cross-sectional analysis in <ref type="table" coords="11,306.17,520.46,27.64,8.75" target="#tab_7">Table 7</ref>. The partnership type variable is a positive and significant determinant of AARs (p &lt; 0.01), which supports H2. Consistent with the results of the event study, in the short run, green marketing partnerships generated higher abnormal returns than green technology partnerships. Similarly, the firm past negative performance variable is negative and significant (p &lt; 0.05), supporting H3a. The impact of an announcement of a green partnership on a firm stock market value is lower if a firm had a history of poor environmental performance. As predicted, we did not observe a significant effect of firm's past positive performance on the stock market valuation of green partnerships. Thus, H3b is supported. The industry pollution intensity variable is a negative and significant determinant of AARs (p &lt; 0.05), confirming H4a. As industry pollution intensity increases, firms experience lower abnormal returns. Furthermore, we observed that the interaction term of the industry pollution intensity and firm's past positive green performance is negative and significant (p &lt; 0.05), confirming that the negative impact of the industry pollution intensity on AARs would be stronger for firms with a history of positive environmental performance. Thus, H4c is supported. Finally, the interaction term of the industry pollution intensity and firm's past negative green performance was not significant, although the direction was as predicted. H4b is not supported. In addition to the predicted effects, we also obtained insights into additional factors that affect the stock market valuation of green partnerships. The Firm Sales variable is negative and significant (p &lt; 0.01), suggesting that larger firms gain less from announcements of green partnerships. The partnership experience variable is positive and moderately significant (p &lt; 0.1), which is consistent with the established view in the strategy literature that firms with stronger partnership capabilities select most attractive partners and establish partnerships with higher value creation potential. Finally, the firm financial leverage variable is negative and significant (p &lt; 0.05), indicating that as firm debt increases, investors become more pessimistic about firm investments into environmental initiatives.</p><p>The model was also re-estimated for the event window (0; +1). Six out of seven parameters associated with the hypotheses remained stable in terms of direction and significance. The effect of industry pollution intensity became non-significant, but the sign was preserved as hypothesized.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Additional robustness checks</head><p>To further increase confidence in the results, we performed various robustness checks. First, we re-estimated firms' abnormal returns with the alternative Fama-French-Carhart four-factor 1.80% -10 -9 -8 -7 -6 -5 -4 -3 -2 -1 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10</p><p>Abnormal returns, %  <ref type="bibr" coords="13,79.26,233.78,58.36,8.75" target="#b6">(Carhart 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,141.44,233.78,95.48,8.75" target="#b24">Fama and French 1993)</ref>. The results <ref type="table" coords="13,51.03,246.26,37.31,8.75" target="#tab_4">(Table W4</ref>, web appendix) were similar to those obtained with the market model, confirming that on the announcement day t = 0, in both partnership categories, stock markets report statistically significant abnormal returns to announcements of green partnerships. However, for the event window (0; +1), green technology partnerships report a non-significant non-parametric rank test, which suggests that the results might be driven by influential outliers. This finding confirms that AARs observed on the day of an announcement t = 0 are the most appropriate for cross-sectional analysis. Second, we re-estimated a crosssectional model with regression with robust standard errors and clustered events, an alternative estimation approach used when data are heteroscedastic and intra-group correlations are suspected. The results of the regression with robust standard errors and clustered events <ref type="table" coords="13,153.80,420.58,37.17,8.75" target="#tab_5">(Table W5</ref>, web appendix) replicate those reported in <ref type="table" coords="13,115.70,433.00,26.51,8.75" target="#tab_7">Table 7</ref>. Finally, we re-estimated the expanded version of a cross-sectional model with the mixed model design by including additional firm and industry controls, namely firm market share, industry growth, and industry competitive intensity variables. All the hypothesized relationships remained stable in terms of their sign and significance. None of the additional controls was significant, and the model fit did not improve significantly. For reasons of parsimony, we retained a shorter version of the cross-sectional model and reported the results as our main findings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Days</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Green Marketing Partnerships</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MAR MCAR</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion and implications for theory and practice</head><p>We designed this study to explore the impact of green strategic partnerships on firm financial performance. Overall, our findings have implications for theories of CSR, organizational capabilities, and marketing-finance interface.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical implications</head><p>To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to explore an increasingly relevant type of corporate environmental practice-green strategic partnerships, and their contribution to the stock market performance of a firm and the boundary conditions under which the economic gains are maximized. Our findings demonstrate that stock markets are selective in reacting to announcements of green partnerships, and some of those initiatives can, in fact, destroy shareholder value. In the short term, green marketing partnerships systematically outperform green technology partnerships, which offers a contrasting view to previous research. Historically, variations in the valuation of different types of inter-firm collaborations have been explained by industry dynamism (see, for example, <ref type="bibr" coords="13,343.61,508.06,63.01,8.75" target="#b73">Park et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,408.86,508.06,64.20,8.75" target="#b89">Song et al. 2005)</ref>. According to the traditional point of view, in high-tech industries, technology partnerships would be more greatly rewarded by stock markets than marketing partnerships because the former spur organizational innovation, which is a better source of competitive advantage under the conditions of volatile and rapidly changing high-tech industries. In contrast, our research demonstrates that irrespective of industry dynamism, green marketing partnerships can be superior and generate greater returns than green technology partnerships do. This finding contributes to the emerging stream of marketing literature advocating for the relative advantage of marketing over technology resources and elevates marketing's position in the hierarchy of organizational functions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,428.99,669.91,115.35,8.75;13,306.15,682.38,22.25,8.75" target="#b52">(Krasnikov and Jayachandran 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,330.98,682.38,91.69,8.75" target="#b65">Mishra and Modi 2016)</ref>.</p><p>Second, we add to the body of literature on the role and contributions of organizational capabilities to firm performance.  An emerging stream of research has begun to examine the interplay of organizational capabilities with firm CSR and explore their joint value creation potential <ref type="bibr" coords="14,179.10,470.70,110.01,8.75" target="#b57">(Luo and Bhattacharya 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,51.03,483.12,89.37,8.75" target="#b65">Mishra and Modi 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,142.59,483.12,100.32,8.75" target="#b84">Servaes and Tamayo 2013)</ref>. We extend this line of research by explicitly outlining the pathways through which firm marketing and technology capabilities can be combined with environmental expertise to gain eco-based competitive advantage in the context of strategic partnerships. We also quantify the effect of green marketing versus green technology inter-firm strategies on shareholder wealth. Third, we contribute to advancing research on the marketingfinance interface. Many studies examining the association between firm CSR and shareholder value focus on the short-term implications and analyze the immediate stock market reaction to firm CSR news. This study takes a step further and analyzes both the short-term and long-term consequences of green CSR, revealing an interesting reverse trend. Initially, green technology partnerships negatively affect firm value but later experience upward stock market price's adjustments. This trend suggests that financial markets are unable to immediately recognize the economic value of green technologies and incorporate it into the stock market price with a drift. Over time, as uncertainty associated with green innovation projects diminishes, investors revise and update their expectations regarding future cash flow, which results in positive abnormal returns <ref type="bibr" coords="14,462.58,470.70,74.17,8.75" target="#b90">(Sorescu et al. 2007)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,540.51,468.42,3.74,5.83">1</ref> Moreover, a legacy of prior environmental performance can drive investor sentiment towards green partnerships. In contrast to the argument in the extant literature that CSR may protect firms in times of crisis and offset negative consequences <ref type="bibr" coords="14,341.97,532.95,114.35,8.75" target="#b81">(Schnietz and Epstein 2005)</ref>, we show that stock markets are, in general, insensitive to information about prior positive environmental behavior and do not amend for that. As levels of pollution intensity in industry increase, firms might even be penalized for being environmentally responsible. Investors also become skeptical if a green partnership is announced by a firm with a history of poor green performance, which reinforces the idea of general investor conservatism regarding green partnerships.</p><p>The reason for stock market conservatism can be a lack of experience in CSR and green partnerships in particular. Green collaborations have only recently become a widespread phenomenon, and investors might not have enough expertise to Dependent variable: AR (day 0); a. Reference category ***p &lt; .01**p &lt; .05, *p &lt; .1, 1-tailed tests of significance evaluate them accurately <ref type="bibr" coords="15,160.29,59.74,124.40,8.75" target="#b30">(Harrison and Freeman 1999)</ref>. Environmental quality in some of its aspects is a public good and market prices often do not exist for those <ref type="bibr" coords="15,221.86,84.62,63.14,8.75" target="#b79">(Reinhardt 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Lacking reliable information about costs and benefits of green initiatives, investors tend to be more conservative and discount their future value.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Implications for managers</head><p>We offer valuable insights for managerial practice as well. First, our results reliably suggest that green partnerships can be instrumental in carrying out firms' environmental strategies and generate economic gains. At the same time, managers must be aware that not all of those initiatives generate immediate positive returns. Based on the sample of firms studied, announcements of green marketing partnerships, on average, led to a $126.99 million increase in firm market value on the day of an announcement. By contrast, a firm's market value decreased, on average, by $102.41 million on the day when a green technology partnership was announced. Nevertheless, 1 year after an announcement of a green technology partnership, the firms concerned reported an average increase of $1638.52 million in stock market value. Managers interested in greening firm operations can choose alternative pathways to allocate firm resources to green marketing or green technology domains, based on their short-term and long-term goals. Firms should also pay attention to their environmental reputation. The results highlight the fact that Bdoing bad^hurts more than Bdoing good^helps. It is in the interest of firm shareholders that managers implement positive green strategies across all business domains and avoid negative green approaches altogether. At the same time, managers should be cognizant of the potential risks associated with green activism in pollution-intensive industries and that stock markets might not recognize those initiatives as investments with positive future cash flow.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and suggestions for further research</head><p>This study is not without limitations, which suggest avenues for future research. First, one of the major challenges of this study is related to the high heterogeneity of the sample due to the scarcity of green partnership data within any particular industry. Unobserved industry attributes may have affected the examined relationships. Over time, as the amount of data on green partnerships increases, future studies could explore whether the observed effects hold in more homogenous settings and whether other Bhidden^relationships surface. Second, due to limitations associated with secondary data, this study focuses on US companies. It is possible that in other countries, stock markets exhibit different patterns of reacting to green partnership news. Future research could consider including data from, for example, European countries, where sustainability issues are of high importance. Third, in contrast to this study, which focuses on large, established firms, future research could explore how small and medium-sized companies (SMEs) use green partnerships. SMEs comprise a majority of businesses worldwide, often lack necessary resources and might be more interested in pursuing green partnerships for efficiency reasons. Finally, the dataset in this study was dominated by partnerships with two partners only, as opposed to multi-partner collaborations. Recent research suggests that a dyadic versus multiple-partner structure might drive investor valuation of strategic collaborations <ref type="bibr" coords="15,445.93,184.21,66.64,8.75" target="#b26">(Fang et al. 2016)</ref>. Future studies could investigate whether green partnerships with multiple partners, vertical and horizontal, make any difference to changes in stock returns.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="8,317.45,420.85,215.38,8.75;8,317.45,433.33,215.38,8.75;8,317.45,445.80,215.51,8.75;8,317.45,458.21,215.44,8.75;8,317.45,470.69,194.06,8.75"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Decision to form a green partnership=f(Firm Age, Firm Market Capitalization; Firm Financial Leverage; Firm Sales; Market Share; Partnership Experience; Industry Competitive Intensity; Industry Growth; Environmentally Sensitive Industries; Industry Effects; Time Effects).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="12,51.02,553.39,104.16,7.44;12,51.02,563.36,98.71,7.44;12,51.02,573.34,89.81,7.44;12,51.02,583.31,95.60,7.44"><head>Fig. 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Daily average abnormal return (MAR) and cumulative abnormal returns (MCAR), green marketing partnerships model</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="13,51.02,57.21,104.16,7.44;13,51.02,67.19,98.71,7.44;13,51.02,77.16,89.81,7.44;13,51.02,87.09,98.94,7.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Fig. 3 Daily average abnormal return (MAR) and cumulative abnormal returns (MCAR), green technology partnerships</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,51.02,58.23,493.31,396.46"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="4,51.02,58.23,493.31,396.46">Research examining the role of organizational resources in shaping the corporate environmentalism-financial performance relationship 

Empirical research Research question 
Empirical context 
Marketing 
factors 
considered 

Technology 
factors 
considered 

Relevant empirical 
findings 

Barnett and 
Salomon (2006) 

The role of a firm's screening 
strategies in explaining the 
curvilinear relationship between 
CSR and firm's financial 
performance 

Socially responsible 
mutual funds 

No 
No 
Screening based on the environmental 
performance was negatively related 
to the average risk-adjusted finan-
cial returns of mutual funds 

Luo and 
Bhattacharya 
(2006) 

The role of customer satisfaction in 
informing the CSR-financial 
performance relationship 

Fortune 500 
companies, multiple 
industries 

Yes 
No 
Customer satisfaction mediates the 
relationship between the CSR and 
firm financial performance 

Luo and 
Bhattacharya 
(2009) 

The role of CSR, marketing and 
R&amp;D factors in reducing 
firm risks 

Publicly-traded firms, 
multiple industries 

Yes 
Yes 
CSR can reduce firm-specific risks, 
but the ultimate effect will depend 
on advertising and R&amp;D strategies 
of a firm 
Surroca et al. (2010) The mediating effects of firm 
intangible resources in the CSR-
financial performance 
relationship 

Publicly-traded firms, 
multiple industries 

Yes 
Yes 
Firm intangible resources mediate the 
relationship between CSR and firm 
financial performance 

Chakrabarty and 
Wang (2012) 

The role of R&amp;D and 
internationalization capabilities 
in long-term sustainance of 
corporate environmental 
practices 

Publicly-traded firms, 
multiple industries 

No 
Yes 
R&amp;D and internationalization 
capabilities are instrumental in long-
term success of environmentally 
friendly practices 

Servaes and 
Tamayo (2013) 

The role of customer awareness in 
the CSR-financial performance 
relationship 

Publicly traded firms, 
multiple industries 

Yes 
No 
CSR has stronger positive effect on 
firm market value in the presence of 
high public awareness 

Mishra and Modi 
(2016) 

The complementarity effects of 
marketing capability in the 
CSR-financial performance 
relationship 

Publicly traded firms, 
multiple industries 

Yes 
No 
The effects of marketing capability in 
the CSR-financial performance 
relationship varies depending on the 
type of CSR activities performed 
This study 
The role of marketing and 
technology capabilities in the 
green inter-firm strategies-
financial performance 
relationship 

Inter-firm partnerships 
multiple industries 

Yes 
Yes 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="9,51.00,58.23,493.31,169.04"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Examples of green strategic partnerships</figDesc><table coords="9,51.00,77.06,493.31,150.22">Partnership type 
Focal firm 
Partner(s) 
Goals and objectives as announced 
Source 

Examples of Green 
Marketing 
Partnerships 

General Motors State of Florida and 
Inland Food Stores 

To market new eco-friendly E85 
ethanol fuel in North Florida markets 

Company Reports, 
FACTIVA, 13-Sep-2006 

Praxair 
Petrobras 
To supply liquefied cleaner-burning 
natural gas to areas not served by 
pipelines and help Petrobras expand 
natural gas supply network 

Praxair press release, firm 
website, 21-Aug-2006 

Examples of Green 
Technology 
partnerships 

United 
Technologies 

Navantia 
To develop advanced fuel cell power 
modules for use in military and 
civil vessels 

UT press release, firm 
website, 18-Jul-2006 

PPL Corp 
Pennsylvania 
Department of 
Environmental Protection 
and undisclosed partner 

To implement novel pollution control 
equipment at two Pennsylvania 
power plants 

Waste News, FACTIVA, 
28-Feb-2005 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="10,51.02,58.23,493.25,341.47"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Variables and data sources</figDesc><table coords="10,51.02,77.06,493.25,322.65">Variable 
Description 
Source 

Dependent variable: 
Firm's abnormal stock returns 
Estimated with event study, CRSP 

Independent variables: 

Partnership type 
Dummy, marketing partnership (1), technology partnership 
(0) 

Press Releases 

Firm's prior positive green 
performance 

Aggregate of firm's environmental strengths 
KLD Database 

Firm's prior negative green 
performance 

Aggregate of firm's environmental concerns 
KLD Database 

Industry pollution intensity 
Industry pollution abatement costs 
Pollution Abatement Costs Report, U.S. Census 
Bureau 2002 

Firm reputation 
Firm reputation index 
Fortune's Most Admired Companies Ranking 
Firm market share 
Firm's sales relative to total industry sales 
COMPUSTAT 

Firm sales 
Firm sales 
COMPUSTAT 

Firm market capitalization 
Firm market capitalization 
COMPUSTAT 
Firm financial leverage 
Firm's long-term debt relative to firm's total assets 
COMPUSTAT 

Firm partnership experience 
Number of partnerships firm engaged in 5 years preceding 
the announcement 

Thompson SDC Platinum 

Firm book-to-market value ratio 
Book-to-market value of equity 
COMPUSTAT 

Firm betas 
Stock betas computed prior to the event over −275 to 
−25 days 

Event study 

Firm age 
Number of years since firm foundation 
Firm SIC filings 
Industry growth 
Average 3-year sales growth of the industry 
COMPUSTAT 
Industry competitive intensity 
Inverse Herfindahl-Hirschman index 
COMPUSTAT 

Industry SIC 
Industry dummies 
COMPUSTAT 
Industry sensitive to environmental 
regulations 

Dummy for SIC 26xx, 28xx, 2911, 33xx 
COMPUSTAT 

Year of partnership announcement Year dummies 
Press Releases 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,51.02,58.23,493.25,199.57"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics and correlations, main model</figDesc><table coords="11,51.02,77.06,493.25,180.74">N 
Mean Std. 
dev. 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1 0 
1 1 

1 AAR (day 0) 
190 −0.05 12.58 1.00 
2 CAR (0; +1) 
190 
0.01 16.11 
.64 ** 1.00 
3 Partnership type 
190 
0.44 0.50 
.22 ** 
.25 ** 1.00 
4 Firm sales (ln) 
190 10.10 1.03 0.01 
0.00 
−0.05 
1.00 
5 Firm reputation 
130 
6.72 0.82 0.00 
0.02 
−0.08 
.43 ** 
1.00 
6 Partnership experience 
190 
1.41 0.90 
.16 * 
.15 * 
0.02 
.30 ** 
−.20 * 
1.00 
7 Firm's financial leverage 
190 
0.21 0.10 −0.09 
−0.10 
−0.11 
−0.45 
−.40 ** −.19 ** 1.00 
8 Stock market betas 
190 
0.90 0.29 0.03 
0.05 
0.08 
.234 * 0.14 
0.08 
−.17 * 1.00 
9 Book-to-market value ratio 144 
0.44 0.21 
.26 ** 0.00 
−0.03 
0.03 
−0.15 
0.10 
.27 ** 0.03 
1.00 
10 Industry Pollution Intensity 180 
2.63 0.47 −0.02 
−0.02 
−0.08 
−.36 ** −0.05 
−0.06 
.31 ** −.21 ** .20 * 1.00 
11 Firm's prior positive green 
performance 

148 −71.89 33.10 −0.09 
−0.08 
.23 ** −.35 ** 
−.32 ** −0.02 
−0.10 
−0.06 −.29 ** −.41 ** 1.00 

12 Firm's prior negative green 
performance 

148 45.81 23.42 0.01 
0.15 
0.04 
0.13 
0.04 
.27 ** −.26 ** 0.13 
−.40 ** −.28 ** 0.10 

**p &lt; .01, *p &lt; .05 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="12,51.02,58.23,481.76,635.99"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="12,51.02,58.23,481.76,264.09">Green strategic 
partnerships, cumulative 
abnormal returns over different 
event windows (−t 1 , + t 2 ), market 
model estimations 

Green marketing partnerships 
Green technology partnerships 

Event 
window 

N 
Mean 
CAR 

Patell 
Z 

Generalized 
sign Z 

N 
Mean 
CAR 

Patell 
Z 

Generalized 
sign Z 

(−7, +7) 
83 0.84% 
1.63 
0.96 
107 0.04% 
0.79 
0.93 

(−6, +6) 
83 0.55% 
1.05 
0.96 
107 −0.09% 
0.34 
0.55 
(−5, +5) 
83 0.50% 
1.08 
1.62 
107 −0.09% 
0.28 
0.74 

(−4, +4) 
83 0.39% 
0.98 
1.40 
107 −0.25% 
−0.18 
0.16 
(−3, +3) 
83 0.69% 
1.84* 
2.94** 
107 −0.12% 
0.14 
−0.03 

(−3, +2) 
83 0.75% 
2.40** 2.06* 
107 −0.16% 
−0.11 
0.35 

(−2, +3) 
83 0.71% 
2.01* 
2.28* 
107 −0.20% 
−0.21 
0.35 
(−2, +2) 
83 0.77% 
2.64** 2.50** 
107 −0.24% 
−0.52 
0.16 

(−1, +2) 
83 0.54% 
2.19* 
1.84* 
107 −0.09% 
0.14 
1.13 

(−2, +1) 
83 0.62% 
2.43** 3.16*** 
107 −0.39% 
−1.37 
−1.774* 

(−1, +1) 
83 0.40% 
1.93* 
2.28* 
107 −0.24% 
−0.76 
−0.23 

(−1,0) 
83 0.63% 
3.07** 2.06* 
107 −0.16% 
−0.66 
−1.774* 

(0) 
83 0.31% 
2.68** 3.38*** 
107 −0.25% 
−2.03* −1.97* 

(0, +1) 
83 0.49% 
3.01* 
2.50** 
107 −0.32% 
−1.94* −1.77* 

(0, +2) 
83 0.63% 
3.07* 
2.06** 
107 −0.16% 
−0.66 
−1.774* 

**p &lt; .01, *p &lt; .05 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="13,51.02,588.88,238.06,126.83"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Long-term abnormal returns 1 year after announcement</figDesc><table coords="13,51.02,607.70,238.06,108.00">Partnership type Post event Fama-French 
calendar time portfolio 
approach, 1-year 
returns (%) 

Buy-and-hold benchmark 
approach, 1-year 
returns (%) 

Green technology 
partnerships 

4.00* 
5.86** 

Green marketing 
partnerships 

1.92 n.s. 
1.03 n.s 

n = 190 **p &lt; .05, *p &lt; .1 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="14,51.02,58.23,493.22,340.99"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Effects of firm's past environmental performance, positive and negative, and industry pollution intensity on stock market valuation of green strategic partnerships, mixed linear regression Industry Pollution Intensity] *[Firm's Prior Positive Green Performance]</figDesc><table coords="14,178.57,66.11,33.00,7.44">Parameter 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">We are grateful to an anonymous reviewer for this insight.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">J. of the Acad.Mark. Sci. (2017) 45:251-267  </note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank the Editor-in-Chief, the Associate Editor, and the three anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments and helpful guidanceduring the review process. The authors would also like to thank Manish Kacker, Shuba Srinivasan, and Subhankar Nayak, for their constructive suggestions on previous drafts of this article. One of the authors (Anna Sadovnikova) is grateful for the generous financial support from the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC) of Canada, grant number 752-2012-2051.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,388.52,238.10,7.44;15,323.10,398.56,124.18,7.44" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Evaluating long-horizon event study methodology, available at SSRN 1865625</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Ang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,409.56,238.08,7.44;15,323.10,419.53,221.18,7.44;15,323.10,429.51,83.93,7.44" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Proactive corporate environmental strategies: myths and misunderstandings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Aragon-Correa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rubio-Lopez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Long Range Planning</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="357" to="381" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,440.51,238.20,7.44;15,323.10,450.49,221.18,7.44;15,323.10,460.46,138.85,7.44" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Good fences make good neighbors: a longitudinal analysis of an industry self-regulatory institution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Barnett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1150" to="1170" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,471.46,238.09,7.44;15,323.09,481.44,221.07,7.44;15,323.09,491.47,163.19,7.44" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond dichotomy: the curvilinear relationship between social responsibility and financial performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Barnett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Salomon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1101" to="1122" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,502.47,238.06,7.44;15,323.10,512.45,221.09,7.44;15,323.10,522.42,50.42,7.44" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stakeholder marketing: beyond the four ps and the customer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Korschun</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Public Policy &amp; Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="116" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,533.42,238.02,7.44;15,323.10,543.40,208.98,7.44" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Using daily stock return: the case of event studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="1985-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,554.40,238.06,7.44;15,323.09,564.37,107.84,7.44" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On persistence in mutual fund performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carhart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.13,575.37,238.08,7.44;15,323.09,585.35,221.10,7.44;15,323.10,595.38,221.10,7.44;15,323.10,605.36,70.94,7.44" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The structure of sustainability research in marketing, 1958-2008: a basis for future research opportunities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Chabowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mena</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gonzalez-Padron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.15,616.36,238.06,7.44;15,323.10,626.34,221.23,7.44;15,323.10,636.31,221.23,7.44;15,323.10,646.29,54.33,7.44" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The long-term sustenance of sustainability practices in MNCs: a dynamic capabilities perspective of the role of R&amp;D and internationalization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chakrabarty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Ethics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="217" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.15,657.29,238.05,7.44;15,323.10,667.32,221.17,7.44;15,323.10,677.30,61.54,7.44" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of new product introductions on the market value of firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chaney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Devinney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Winer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="573" to="610" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.16,688.30,237.97,7.44;15,323.11,698.27,221.11,7.44;15,323.11,708.25,77.01,7.44" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of environmental disclosures as tools of legitimacy: a research note</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Cho</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Patten</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Accounting, Organizations and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="639" to="647" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,58.23,238.17,7.44;16,67.98,68.27,221.18,7.44;16,67.98,78.24,173.10,7.44" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sustainability to support end-to-end value chains: the role of supply chain management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Closs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Speier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Meacham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="116" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,88.22,238.10,7.44;16,67.98,98.25,221.18,7.44;16,67.98,108.23,117.15,7.44" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a theoretical toolbox for sustainability research in marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Connelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ketchen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Slater</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="86" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,118.26,238.13,7.44;16,67.99,128.24,221.17,7.44;16,67.99,138.21,212.78,7.44" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market-oriented sustainability: a conceptual framework and propositions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Crittenden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Crittenden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Ferrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ferrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pinney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,148.25,238.08,7.44;16,67.99,158.22,221.15,7.44;16,67.99,168.20,221.13,7.44;16,67.99,178.23,78.87,7.44" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Green marketing strategies: an examination of stakeholders and the opportunities they present</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cronin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gleim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ramirez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Martinez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="158" to="174" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,188.21,238.12,7.44;16,67.98,198.18,203.32,7.44" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of strategic alliances on firm valuation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Das</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Sen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sengupta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,208.22,238.12,7.44;16,67.99,218.20,67.04,7.44" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The capabilities of market-driven organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="37" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,228.23,238.16,7.44;16,67.99,238.21,87.72,7.44" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Closing the marketing capabilities gap</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="183" to="195" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,248.24,238.13,7.44;16,67.99,258.22,221.12,7.44;16,67.99,268.19,107.11,7.44" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate environmental performance: the trade-offs of sustainability ratings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Delmas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Doctori-Blass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Strategy and the Environment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="245" to="260" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,278.23,238.09,7.44;16,67.99,288.20,221.10,7.44;16,67.99,298.24,153.31,7.44" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Voluntary agreements to improve environmental quality: symbolic and substantive cooperation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Delmas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Montes-Sancho</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="575" to="601" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,308.21,238.03,7.44;16,67.99,318.19,221.25,7.44;16,67.99,328.22,177.64,7.44" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An environmental perspective on diversification: the effects of chemical relatedness and regulatory sanctions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Diestre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Rajagopalan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="115" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.05,338.20,238.05,7.44;16,68.00,348.23,221.13,7.44;16,68.00,358.21,221.15,7.44;16,68.00,368.18,54.33,7.44" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond does it pay to be green? A meta-analysis of moderators of the CEP-CFP relationship</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dixon-Fowler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Slater</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ellstrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Romi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Ethics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="353" to="366" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.05,378.22,238.05,7.44;16,68.00,388.19,221.17,7.44;16,68.00,398.17,86.82,7.44" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate social responsibility and competitive advantage: overcoming the trust barrier</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Du</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1528" to="1545" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.06,408.20,238.09,7.44;16,68.01,418.18,221.14,7.44;16,68.01,428.16,221.09,7.44;16,68.01,438.19,112.90,7.44" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relative advantage of marketing over technological capabilities in influencing new product performance: the moderating role of country institutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Eisend</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Evanschitzky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Calantone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.07,448.17,238.11,7.44;16,68.02,458.20,203.77,7.44" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">common risk factors in the returns on stocks and bonds</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Fama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>French</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Financial Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.07,468.18,238.08,7.44;16,68.02,478.20,183.61,7.50" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Size and book-to-market factors in earnings and returns</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Fama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>French</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Finance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,488.24,238.06,7.44;16,67.97,498.22,221.13,7.44;16,67.98,508.25,108.30,7.44" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding the effects of plural marketing structures on alliance performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Guo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>forthcoming</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,518.23,238.13,7.44;16,67.98,528.26,221.17,7.44;16,67.98,538.24,110.39,7.44" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From market orientation to stakeholder orientation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ferrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Gonzalez-Padron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">T M</forename><surname>Hult</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Maignan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Public Policy &amp; Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,548.28,238.09,7.44;16,67.97,558.25,221.08,7.44;16,67.97,568.23,120.82,7.44" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relationship between the environmental and financial performance of public utilities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Filbeck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Gorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environmental and Resource Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="157" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.01,578.26,238.14,7.44;16,67.96,588.24,50.93,7.44" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alliances and networks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Gulati</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="317" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.01,598.27,238.10,7.44;16,67.97,608.25,221.09,7.44;16,67.97,618.22,162.67,7.44" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stakeholders, social responsibility, and performance: empirical evidence and theoretical perspectives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Harrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="485" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,628.26,238.06,7.44;16,67.97,638.23,221.13,7.44;16,67.97,648.21,205.82,7.44" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does it pay to be green? An empirical examination of the relationship between emission reduction and firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ahuja</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Strategy and the Environment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,658.24,238.14,7.44;16,67.98,668.22,204.57,7.44" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A natural-resource-based view of the firm: fifteen years after</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Dowell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">0149206310390219</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,678.25,238.13,7.44;16,67.99,688.23,174.19,7.44" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">High-technology employment: a NAISC-based Update</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Heckler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Monthly Labor Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-07-128" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.06,698.26,238.07,7.44;16,68.01,708.24,214.83,7.44" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sample selection bias as a specification error</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica: Journal of the Econometric Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.18,58.20,238.04,7.44;16,323.13,68.24,221.17,7.44;16,323.13,78.21,153.04,7.44" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stakeholder marketing: theoretical foundations and required capabilities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hillebrand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Driessen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Koll</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="411" to="428" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,88.19,238.13,7.44;16,323.14,98.22,221.09,7.44;16,323.14,108.20,221.25,7.44;16,323.14,118.18,114.71,7.44" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate social responsibility in business-to-business markets: how organizational customers account for supplier corporate social responsibility engagement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Homburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Stierl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bornemann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="54" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,128.21,238.05,7.44;16,323.15,138.19,221.07,7.44;16,323.15,148.16,206.95,7.44" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Firm value creation through major channel expansions: evidence from an event study in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Homburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Vollmayr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Hahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,158.20,238.11,7.44;16,323.15,168.17,221.22,7.44;16,323.15,178.21,141.40,7.44" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sustainable marketing, equity, and economic growth: a resource-advantage, economic freedom approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Hunt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,188.18,238.07,7.44;16,323.14,198.22,221.14,7.44;16,323.14,208.19,168.96,7.44" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An empirical investigation of environmental performance and the market value of the firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Jacobs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Singhal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Subramanian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="430" to="441" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,218.17,238.09,7.44;16,323.14,228.20,194.32,7.44" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of product recalls on the wealth of sellers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Jarrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Peltzman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="512" to="536" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,238.17,238.09,7.49;16,323.09,248.26,221.16,7.44;16,323.09,258.24,193.58,7.44" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When do strategic alliances inhibit innovation by firms? Evidence from patent pools in the global optical disc industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Joshi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nerkar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1139" to="1160" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.15,268.27,238.12,7.44;16,323.10,278.25,221.21,7.44;16,323.10,288.22,86.31,7.44" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Managing strategic alliances: what do we know now, and where do we go from here?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Singh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Perspectives</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="62" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.16,298.26,238.16,7.44;16,323.11,308.23,221.15,7.44;16,323.12,318.21,169.53,7.44" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alliance capability, stock market response, and long-term alliance success: the role of the alliance function</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Dyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Singh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="747" to="767" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.16,328.25,238.09,7.44;16,323.12,338.22,221.19,7.44;16,323.12,348.20,29.96,7.44" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social responsibility in environmental marketing planning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kärnä</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Jusli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5/6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="848" to="871" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.17,358.23,238.11,7.44;16,323.13,368.21,221.13,7.44;16,323.13,378.24,167.10,7.44" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eco-friendly product development strategy: antecedents, outcomes, and contingent effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Katsikeas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Leonidou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Zeriti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="25" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.18,388.22,238.22,7.44;16,323.13,398.25,221.17,7.44;16,323.13,408.23,38.35,7.44" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of environmental management on firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Klassen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mclaughlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1199" to="1214" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.18,418.20,238.04,7.44;16,323.13,428.24,114.47,7.44" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">KLD ratings data: Inclusive social rating criteria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kld</forename><surname>Research</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inc</forename><surname>Analytics</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>KLD</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boston</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.18,438.21,238.20,7.44;16,323.13,448.25,221.13,7.44;16,323.13,458.22,89.20,7.44" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Event study testing with crosssectional correlation of abnormal returns</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kolari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pynnönen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Financial Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3996" to="4025" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,468.26,238.03,7.44;16,323.14,478.23,168.22,7.44" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Econometrics of event studies. Handbook of Empirical Corporate Finance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Kothari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Warner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="32" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,488.27,238.12,7.44;16,323.14,498.24,151.67,7.44" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reinventing marketing to manage the environmental imperative</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kotler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="132" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,508.22,238.01,7.44;16,323.14,518.25,221.13,7.44;16,323.14,528.23,66.98,7.44" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resourcebased theory in marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Kozlenkova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Samaha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,538.27,238.09,7.44;16,323.14,548.24,221.20,7.44;16,323.14,558.22,135.24,7.44" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relative impact of marketing, research-and-development, and operations capabilities on firm performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Krasnikov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jayachandran</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,568.25,238.10,7.44;16,323.14,577.48,221.12,8.47;16,323.13,588.20,73.54,7.44" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conflict between doing well and doing good? Capital budgeting case study -Coors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kwok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Case Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="130" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.18,598.24,238.14,7.44;16,323.13,608.21,221.17,7.44;16,323.14,618.25,89.76,7.44" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Research into environmental marketing/ management: a bibliographic analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Leonidou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Leonidou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1/2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,628.21,238.06,7.50;16,323.09,638.25,221.13,7.44;16,323.09,648.29,161.97,7.44" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Strategic alliances for environmental protection in Facilitation of sustainable innovation through collaboration: A multi-stakeholder perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Darnall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.14,658.26,238.14,7.44;16,323.09,668.30,221.12,7.44;16,323.08,678.27,52.29,7.44" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate social responsibility, customer satisfaction, and market value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.14,688.31,238.09,7.44;16,323.08,698.28,221.15,7.44;16,323.08,708.26,180.47,7.44" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The debate over doing good: corporate social performance, strategic marketing levers, and firmidiosyncratic risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bhattacharya</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="198" to="213" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,58.23,238.07,7.44;17,67.98,68.27,221.10,7.44;17,67.98,78.24,193.45,7.44" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product alliances, alliance networks, and shareholder value: evidence from the biopharmaceutical industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Research in Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,88.22,238.10,7.44;17,67.98,98.19,221.14,7.44;17,67.98,108.23,221.17,7.44;17,67.98,118.20,131.89,7.44" xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Does it pay to be good… and does it matter? A meta-analysis of the relationship between corporate social and financial performance. And does it matter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Margolis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Elfenbein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Walsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=1866371</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,128.18,238.06,7.44;17,67.98,138.15,221.10,7.44;17,67.98,148.19,221.13,7.44;17,67.98,158.16,104.39,7.44" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing capabilities and innovation-based strategies for environmental sustainability: an exploratory investigation of B2B firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mariadoss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Tansuhaj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Mouri</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1305" to="1318" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,168.14,238.01,7.44;17,67.98,178.12,215.51,7.44" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An analysis of the wealth effects of green marketing strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mathur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Mathur</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.03,188.15,238.11,7.44;17,67.99,198.13,221.14,7.44;17,67.99,208.10,112.89,7.44" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement of corporate social action: discovering taxonomy in the Kinder Lydenburg Domini ratings data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mattingly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Berman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,218.08,238.06,7.44;17,67.99,228.11,221.10,7.44;17,67.99,238.09,50.71,7.44" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate social responsibility: a theory of the firm perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mcwilliams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Siegel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="127" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,248.06,238.11,7.44;17,67.99,258.04,221.16,7.44;17,67.99,268.07,93.96,7.44" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Principle-based stakeholder marketing: insights from private triple-bottom-line firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Scammon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Public Policy and Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,278.05,238.08,7.44;17,67.99,288.02,221.17,7.44;17,67.99,298.00,42.99,7.44" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate social responsibility and shareholder wealth: the role of marketing capability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mishra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Modi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="26" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,308.03,238.05,7.44;17,68.00,318.01,221.20,7.44;17,68.00,327.99,42.03,7.44" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of external parties on brand name capital: the 1982 Tylenol poisonings and subsequent cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="601" to="618" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,337.96,238.02,7.44;17,68.00,348.00,221.16,7.44;17,68.00,357.97,148.04,7.44" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trading off between value creation and value appropriation: The financial implications of shifts in strategic emphasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Mizik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Jacobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,367.95,238.04,7.44;17,68.00,377.92,221.13,7.44;17,68.00,387.96,88.19,7.44" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The contingency value of complementary capabilities in product development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Slotegraaf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="257" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.06,397.93,238.06,7.44;17,68.01,407.91,165.91,7.44" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Collaborative ventures between US and foreign manufacturing firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mowery</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="32" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.07,417.88,238.10,7.44;17,68.02,427.92,126.67,7.44" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Model selection in linear mixed model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Müller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Scealy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Welsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Statistical Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="281" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.07,437.89,238.01,7.44;17,68.03,447.87,221.12,7.44;17,68.03,457.85,122.41,7.44" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Green claims and message frames: how green new products change brand attitude</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Olsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Slotegraaf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Chandukala</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="137" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.07,467.87,238.04,7.51;17,67.98,477.93,221.15,7.44;17,67.98,487.90,203.27,7.44" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Arms race or detende? How interfirm alliance announcements change the stock market valuation of rivals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Oxley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Sampson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Silverman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1321" to="1337" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,497.88,238.07,7.44;17,67.98,507.91,221.17,7.44;17,67.98,517.89,83.87,7.44" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A resource-based view of strategic alliances and firm value in the electronic marketplace</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mezias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.03,527.86,238.08,7.44;17,67.98,537.84,122.14,7.44" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Towards sustainability: the third age of green marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Peattie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Marketing Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.03,547.87,238.10,7.44;17,67.98,557.85,221.17,7.44;17,67.98,567.82,164.83,7.44" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How can corporate social responsibility activities create value for stakeholders? A systematic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Peloza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Shang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,577.86,237.99,7.44;17,67.99,587.83,153.15,7.44" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-selection models in corporate finance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Prabhala</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of corporate finance</title>
		<editor>E. Eckbo</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,597.81,238.11,7.44;17,67.99,607.79,221.20,7.44;17,67.99,617.82,164.15,7.44" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organizational antecedents of environmental responsiveness in industrial new product development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Pujari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Peattie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="381" to="391" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,627.80,238.13,7.44;17,67.99,637.77,186.03,7.44" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are IPOs really underpriced?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Purnanandam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Swaminathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Financial Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="811" to="848" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,647.75,238.07,7.44;17,67.99,657.78,168.28,7.44" xml:id="b79">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Down to earth: Applying business principles to environmental management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Reinhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Harvard Business Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,667.76,238.14,7.44;17,67.98,677.73,221.17,7.44;17,67.98,687.71,156.48,7.44" xml:id="b80">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">How corporations and environmental groups cooperate: assessing cross-sector alliances and collaborations. The Academy of Management Executive</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rondinelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>London</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="76" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,58.19,238.11,7.44;17,323.10,68.23,221.17,7.44;17,323.10,78.20,109.72,7.44" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the financial value of a reputation for corporate social responsibility during a crisis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Schnietz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Epstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Corporate Reputation Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="327" to="345" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,88.18,238.12,7.44;17,323.10,98.15,78.70,7.44" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Estimating the dimension of a model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Schwarz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Annals of Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="461" to="464" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,108.19,238.11,7.44;17,323.08,118.16,221.09,7.44;17,323.08,128.14,50.94,7.44" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-sector partnerships to address social issues: challenges to theory and practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Selsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Parker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="849" to="873" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,138.11,238.10,7.44;17,323.09,148.15,221.14,7.44;17,323.09,158.12,86.82,7.44" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of corporate social responsibility on firm value: the role of customer awareness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Servaes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tamayo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1045" to="1061" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,168.10,238.14,7.44;17,323.10,178.08,221.16,7.44;17,323.10,188.11,79.51,7.44" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interfirm cooperation and startup innovation in the biotechnology industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Shan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kogut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="387" to="394" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,198.09,238.14,7.44;17,323.11,208.06,221.19,7.44;17,323.11,218.04,221.19,7.44;17,323.11,228.07,29.94,7.44" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inter-organizational collaboration for regional sustainability what happens when organizational representatives come together?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kearins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Applied Behavioral Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="168" to="203" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,238.11,238.07,7.44;17,323.09,248.09,221.00,7.44;17,323.09,258.07,155.19,7.44" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sustainability and business-to-business marketing: a framework and implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Iyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mehrotra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Krishnan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Industrial Marketing Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="330" to="341" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,268.10,238.10,7.44;17,323.09,278.08,221.11,7.44;17,323.09,288.05,61.30,7.44" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Green management matters only if it yields more green: an economic/ strategic perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Siegel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Academy of Management Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,298.03,238.06,7.44;17,323.09,308.06,221.12,7.44;17,323.09,318.04,221.19,7.44;17,323.09,328.01,50.94,7.44" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing and technology resource complementarity: an analysis of their interaction effect in two environmental contexts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Droge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hanvanich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Calantone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="259" to="276" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,337.99,238.13,7.44;17,323.10,348.02,221.09,7.44;17,323.10,358.00,190.46,7.44" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New product preannouncements and shareholder value: don&apos;t make promises you can&apos;t keep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sorescu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Shankar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kushwaha</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="468" to="489" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,367.97,238.04,7.44;17,323.11,377.95,221.08,7.44;17,323.11,387.99,83.36,7.44" xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing and firm value: metrics, methods, findings, and future directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Srinivasan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hanssens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="312" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,397.96,238.07,7.44;17,323.12,407.94,221.11,7.44;17,323.12,417.91,221.16,7.44;17,323.12,427.95,91.40,7.44" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Environmental NGO-business collaboration and strategic bridging: a case analysis of the Greenpeace -Foron alliance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Stafford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Polonsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hartman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business Strategy and the Environment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,437.92,238.07,7.44;17,323.12,447.90,221.11,7.44;17,323.12,457.87,123.10,7.44" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate responsibility and financial performance: the role of intangible resources</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Surroca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tribó</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Waddock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="463" to="490" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,467.91,238.04,7.44;17,323.12,477.88,215.52,7.44" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marketing alliances, firm networks, and firm value creation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Swaminathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="52" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,487.86,238.05,7.44;17,323.13,497.83,221.09,7.44;17,323.13,507.87,90.11,7.44" xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Green project partnership in the supply chain: the case of the package printing industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Vachon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Klassen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cleaner Production</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="661" to="671" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,517.85,238.10,7.44;17,323.13,527.82,221.13,7.44;17,323.13,537.80,78.43,7.44" xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concepts and definitions of CSR and corporate sustainability: between agency and communion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Van Marrewijk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Ethics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2-3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="105" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,547.83,238.03,7.44;17,323.13,557.81,221.15,7.44;17,323.13,567.78,165.57,7.44" xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Innovating for sustainability: a framework for sustainable innovations and a model of sustainable innovations orientation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Varadarajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,577.82,238.08,7.44;17,323.13,587.79,221.15,7.44;17,323.13,597.77,133.88,7.44" xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corporate hypocrisy: overcoming the threat of inconsistent corporate social responsibility perceptions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lutz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Weitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.19,607.74,238.09,7.44;17,323.14,617.78,221.14,7.44;17,323.14,627.75,125.43,7.44" xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The engagement of firms in environmental collaborations: existing contributions and future directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Wassmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Paquin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Business &amp; Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="754" to="786" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.20,637.73,238.12,7.44;17,323.15,647.70,221.18,7.44;17,323.16,657.73,95.66,7.52" xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The formation of buyer-supplier relationships: detailed contract drafting and close partner selection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wuyts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,667.79,238.10,7.44;17,323.10,677.77,221.16,7.44;17,323.10,687.74,138.13,7.44" xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring environmental performance of state manufacturing through changes in pollution intensities: a DEA framework</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Zaim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ecological Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="37" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
