<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Institutions and opportunism in buyer-supplier exchanges: the moderated mediating effects of contractual and relational governance</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shibin</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Collat School of Business</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Alabama at Birmingham</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>35294</postCode>
									<settlement>Birmingham</settlement>
									<region>AL</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><forename type="middle">Zheng</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Faculty of Business and Economics</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Hong Kong</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julie</forename><forename type="middle">Juan</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zhaoyang</forename><surname>Guo</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">School of Management</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Xiamen University</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>361005</postCode>
									<settlement>Xiamen, Fujian</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Marketing</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">City University of Hong Kong</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Institutions and opportunism in buyer-supplier exchanges: the moderated mediating effects of contractual and relational governance</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s11747-018-0582-9</idno>
					<note type="submission">Received: 2 April 2017 / Accepted: 10 April 2018 / Published online: 4 May 2018 # Academy of Marketing Science 2018</note>
					<note>ORIGINAL EMPIRICAL RESEARCH</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:17+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Institutional theory Legal effectiveness Networking expenditure Government support Opportunism Buyer- supplier exchanges Contractual governance Relational governance China</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The marketing channel literature has paid limited attention to institutional environments that constrain buyer-supplier exchanges, though such institutions are fundamental determinants of transaction costs, and thus of the occurrence of opportunism in the buyer-supplier dyads. Drawing on transaction cost economics and institutional theory, this study uncovers the critical influence of formal and informal institutions (i.e., legal effectiveness and networking expenditure) on the use of governance in deterring opportunism, as well as the moderating role of government support on the efficacy of governance mechanism. The findings from a buyer-supplier dyadic survey and 2 secondary datasets reveal that legal effectiveness mitigates opportunism through increased use of both contractual and relational governance; in contrast, networking expenditure reduces opportunism through relational governance, yet increases opportunism via lowering contractual governance. In addition, contractual governance is more efficient in constraining opportunism when government support is high, whereas relational governance deters opportunism more when government support is low. These findings offer important implications for academic research and managerial practice.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>With the globalization of business activities, marketing scholars have long called for more attention to the role of macro-level institutions in the global marketplace <ref type="bibr" coords="1,442.97,441.90,72.00,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,516.59,441.90,27.63,8.75;1,306.15,454.38,85.66,8.75" target="#b19">Grewal and Dharwadkar 2002)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,398.41,454.38,75.30,8.75" target="#b8">Carson et al. (1999)</ref> propose a theoretical framework to articulate the impact of institutions on governance arrangements for marketing value systems, and <ref type="bibr" coords="1,516.57,479.26,27.62,8.75;1,306.15,491.73,91.03,8.75" target="#b19">Grewal and Dharwadkar (2002)</ref> offer a political economy paradigm to tackle firms' interactions with regulatory and normative institutions. Taking institutions into consideration is especially critical for studies in emerging markets, where underdeveloped institutional frameworks and rapid institutional changes generate severe challenges for business operations <ref type="bibr" coords="1,464.26,553.98,79.94,8.75;1,306.15,566.45,21.57,8.75" target="#b21">(Handley and Angst 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,329.90,566.45,67.48,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,399.57,566.45,43.66,8.75" target="#b67">Sheth 2011)</ref>. Specifically, the underdeveloped and unstable institutional environments in emerging markets make marketing channels more vulnerable to opportunism due to the high cost of detecting and punishing opportunistic behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="1,345.84,616.23,89.74,8.75" target="#b27">(Hoskisson et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,438.95,616.23,66.48,8.75" target="#b86">Zhou et al. 2017)</ref>. Because institutional environments determine a firm's strategic choices and costs in coordinating economics exchanges <ref type="bibr" coords="1,506.49,641.11,37.75,8.75;1,306.13,653.59,62.56,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,371.44,653.59,46.34,8.75" target="#b49">North 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,420.52,653.59,64.56,8.75" target="#b86">Zhou et al. 2017)</ref>, it is critical to account for institutional environments when contemplating how to curtail opportunism in buyer-supplier relationships.</p><p>Although marketing scholars have explored how institutional environments affect buyer-supplier relationship management Satish Jayachandran served as Area Editor for this article. and performance <ref type="bibr" coords="2,122.07,59.74,67.98,8.75" target="#b7">(Cao et al. 2018;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,192.86,59.74,73.45,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,269.12,59.74,20.00,8.75;2,51.02,72.15,41.29,8.75" target="#b80">Yang et al. 2012)</ref>, few studies have examined their impact on opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="2,79.76,84.62,75.11,8.75" target="#b73">(Wang et al. 2016b)</ref>. Building on transaction cost economics (TCE), marketing scholars have extensively investigated how firms choose alternative governance mechanisms to mitigate opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="2,137.54,121.98,104.23,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,245.31,121.98,43.81,8.75;2,51.02,134.46,64.46,8.75" target="#b62">Rindfleisch and Heide 1997)</ref>. However, because interfirm exchanges are embedded in a broad institutional environment, and institutions define transaction rules and determine transaction costs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,259.03,159.34,30.05,8.75;2,51.02,171.82,41.86,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,94.90,171.82,44.80,8.75" target="#b48">North 1990)</ref>, the choice of governance mechanisms is a function of external institutional environments <ref type="bibr" coords="2,242.18,184.23,46.96,8.75;2,51.02,196.70,70.08,8.75" target="#b19">(Grewal and Dharwadkar 2002)</ref>. Underdeveloped, however, is how alternative governance mechanisms mediate the impact of institutions on opportunism in buyer-supplier relationships.</p><p>Moreover, the efficacy of alternative governance mechanisms is conditional on exchange and environment factors <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.03,258.95,78.94,8.75" target="#b58">(Poppo et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,133.75,258.95,85.28,8.75" target="#b60">Raassens et al. 2012)</ref>. The transaction costs associated with governance mechanisms reflect institutional impacts, especially in emerging markets where marketsupporting institutions are underdeveloped <ref type="bibr" coords="2,232.85,296.31,56.24,8.75;2,51.03,308.78,48.33,8.75" target="#b21">(Handley and Angst 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,102.11,308.78,46.85,8.75" target="#b67">Sheth 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,151.71,308.78,73.06,8.75" target="#b73">Wang et al. 2016b)</ref>. As buyer-supplier relationships are embedded in the macro institutional context, organizational behaviors and actions must be deemed proper according to the socially constructed system of norms, values, and beliefs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.51,358.55,65.26,8.75" target="#b69">(Suchman 1995)</ref>. Thus, the efficacy of governance mechanisms is bounded by surrounding institutional environments. However, prior studies have primarily focused on the contingent role of environmental uncertainty <ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.02,408.39,105.97,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015)</ref>, with limited attention given to how institutional forces moderate the effects of governance mechanisms on opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="2,165.75,433.27,75.78,8.75" target="#b73">(Wang et al. 2016b)</ref>.</p><p>To address these research gaps, we build on TCE and institutional theory, such that we model the mediating role of governance in bridging the link between institutions and opportunism in buyer-supplier exchanges as well as the moderating effect of government support on the relationship between governance and opportunism ( <ref type="figure" coords="2,104.49,507.99,23.54,8.75">Fig. 1)</ref>. We explicate formal and informal institutional forces, manifested as legal effectiveness and networking expenditure, respectively. We consider both contractual and relational governance mechanisms <ref type="bibr" coords="2,177.73,545.35,75.81,8.75" target="#b3">(Brown et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,256.69,545.35,32.42,8.75;2,51.01,557.83,61.77,8.75" target="#b6">Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,114.68,557.83,90.90,8.75" target="#b56">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>, and their interactions with government support. Thus we can assess how institutional factors influence opportunism through alternative governance mechanisms and moderate their impacts on partner opportunism.</p><p>The empirical results from a primary dyadic survey and 2 secondary datasets provide strong support for our predictions.</p><p>With these insights, this study makes several important contributions to the buyer-supplier management literature. First, by uncovering the mediating roles of contractual and relational governance through which institutions influence opportunism, we bridge the missing link between the macrolevel institutional environment and micro-level buyer-supplier relationship outcome. Second, our findings reveal that legal effectiveness and networking expenditure influence opportunism through different mediating fashions. Third, we demonstrate that the efficacy of buyer-supplier relationship governance is contingent on government support, which enriches our understanding of the proper alignment between governance and institutional environments. Overall, our study complements prior TCE-based marketing channel studies with an institutional view, demonstrating the salient role of institutions in buyer-supplier exchanges.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conceptual development</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>TCE view of interfirm governance and opportunism</head><p>Opportunism refers to Bself-interest seeking with guile,^as manifested in behaviors such as cheating, shirking, and agreement breaching <ref type="bibr" coords="2,368.33,383.68,95.81,8.75">(Williamson 1985, p. 47)</ref>. According to TCE, opportunistic behaviors are induced by exchange hazards, such as transaction-specific assets (TSAs, assets invested particularly for a relationship) and performance ambiguity <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.13,433.51,102.92,8.75" target="#b56">(Poppo and Zenger 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,412.66,433.51,78.70,8.75" target="#b63">Rokkan et al. 2003)</ref>. Contractual and relational governance are two primary mechanisms to safeguard exchanges and curtail potential opportunism in the transactional-relational continuum of exchange governance <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.13,483.34,91.70,8.75" target="#b24">(Heide and John 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,401.27,483.34,96.80,8.75" target="#b33">Johnson and Sohi 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,501.55,483.34,42.68,8.75;2,306.13,495.76,51.73,8.75" target="#b56">Poppo and Zenger 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,359.93,495.76,110.24,8.75" target="#b62">Rindfleisch and Heide 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,472.18,495.76,67.93,8.75" target="#b76">Williamson 1996)</ref>. These two types of governance coexist and coordinate interfirm exchanges and deter opportunism via different mechanisms (see Cao and Lumineau 2015 for a review).</p><p>Contractual governance refers to the explicit use of formal written contracts to coordinate interfirm cooperation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,511.39,558.06,32.82,8.75;2,306.12,570.48,63.18,8.75" target="#b30">(Jap and Anderson 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,372.34,570.48,96.06,8.75" target="#b43">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,471.44,570.48,72.86,8.75;2,306.12,582.95,21.63,8.75" target="#b56">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. As formal contractual clauses specify each party's rights and responsibilities and prescribe procedures to deal</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Governance</head><p>Contractual governance Relational governance</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Opportunism</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Institutional factors</head><p>Legal effectiveness Networking expenditure Government support <ref type="figure" coords="2,51.02,623.47,27.28,7.45">Figure 1</ref> The conceptual model with contingencies, they reduce ambiguity in interpreting information and safeguard TSAs in interfirm exchanges <ref type="bibr" coords="3,262.82,72.15,26.38,8.75;3,51.02,84.62,67.95,8.75" target="#b61">(Reuer and Ariño 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,122.79,84.62,116.86,8.75" target="#b62">Rindfleisch and Heide 1997)</ref>. Relational governance refers to the use of shared social norms to guide acceptable or desirable behaviors between exchange partners <ref type="bibr" coords="3,51.03,121.98,73.89,8.75" target="#b3">(Brown et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,126.77,121.98,47.31,8.75" target="#b22">Heide 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,175.98,121.98,74.57,8.75" target="#b63">Rokkan et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,252.46,121.98,36.68,8.75;3,51.02,134.46,36.01,8.75" target="#b84">Zhou and Xu 2012)</ref>. Among various social norms, flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity are most critical ones in buyersupplier relationships (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,163.85,159.34,89.40,8.75" target="#b24">Heide and John 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,257.25,159.34,31.86,8.75;3,51.00,171.82,61.14,8.75" target="#b31">Jap and Ganesan 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,116.03,171.82,99.37,8.75" target="#b43">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>. Following these studies, we operationalize relational governance as a secondorder construct consisting of norms of flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Institutional view of buyer-supplier exchanges</head><p>Institutional theory stems from two distinct roots: economics and sociology. Institutional economics defines institutions as Bhumanly devised constraints that structure human interactionâ nd emphasizes their roles in shaping corporate strategic choices and performance <ref type="bibr" coords="3,149.34,308.79,69.72,8.75">(North 1990, p. 3;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,221.78,308.79,45.56,8.75" target="#b49">North 2005)</ref>. The new institutionalism movement from sociology instead defines institutions as Bregulative, normative, and cognitive structures and activities that provide stability and meaning to social behavior^ <ref type="bibr" coords="3,88.76,358.62,72.02,8.75">(Scott 1995, p. 33)</ref>, such that it highlights how organizations should conform to institutional pressures <ref type="bibr" coords="3,246.70,371.03,42.43,8.75;3,51.02,383.51,66.46,8.75" target="#b13">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983)</ref>. Scholars in turn have developed an institutional view derived from both roots, because the two approaches are largely complementary <ref type="bibr" coords="3,208.69,408.39,76.01,8.75" target="#b53">(Peng et al. 2008)</ref>. Institutions can be formal (e.g., laws and regulations) or informal (e.g., cultures and values) <ref type="bibr" coords="3,167.49,433.34,44.15,8.75" target="#b48">(North 1990</ref>). Enforced through official, coercive means such as courts and legal regulations, formal institutions exert regulatory pressures on organizations, and noncompliance leads to legal sanctions and penalties <ref type="bibr" coords="3,266.81,470.70,22.31,8.75;3,51.02,483.11,21.68,8.75" target="#b52">(Peng 2003)</ref>. Informal institutions are enforced through private, network-based means, which create normative and cognitive pressures for firms to engage in socially acceptable or desirable practices. Normative pressures shape firm behaviors through social beliefs that define what organizations should or should not do, and cognitive pressures reflect how individual managers' internalized beliefs affect firm actions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,236.47,557.83,48.44,8.75" target="#b65">(Scott 2008)</ref>. Noncompliance with the institutional pressures causes external constituents to question or defy the firms' social validity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,51.03,595.19,121.40,8.75" target="#b19">(Grewal and Dharwadkar 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,174.91,595.19,42.54,8.75" target="#b65">Scott 2008)</ref>.</p><p>Recent studies have explored the impact of institutional environments on buyer-supplier relationship management (see <ref type="table" coords="3,70.58,632.55,30.50,8.75" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> for a review). These studies mainly focus on how institutions affect buyer-supplier relationship outcomes, including information sharing and trust development <ref type="bibr" coords="3,272.09,657.44,17.04,8.75;3,51.02,669.91,43.67,8.75" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010)</ref>, contract ineffectiveness <ref type="bibr" coords="3,196.79,669.91,70.08,8.75" target="#b68">(Shou et al. 2016)</ref>, role hazards <ref type="bibr" coords="3,82.61,682.39,68.50,8.75" target="#b14">(Dong et al. 2016)</ref>, request of quotation <ref type="bibr" coords="3,236.01,682.39,53.10,8.75;3,51.02,694.80,57.05,8.75" target="#b38">(Lanzolla and Frankort 2016)</ref>, channel performance <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.26,694.80,68.92,8.75" target="#b80">(Yang et al. 2012)</ref>, and the manufacturer's dependence on foreign distributors <ref type="bibr" coords="3,261.01,707.27,28.21,8.75;3,306.15,59.72,45.43,8.75" target="#b81">(Zhang et al. 2003)</ref>. Another set of studies explore the contingent effects of institutional factors. For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,479.52,72.14,64.72,8.75" target="#b2">Bai et al. (2016)</ref> find that legal enforceability and unilateral government support moderate the effect of contract on conflict. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,519.42,97.08,24.80,8.75;3,306.15,109.50,50.60,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. (2011)</ref> show that the effect of business ties on firm performance is a function of enforcement inefficiency and government support. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,389.86,134.44,77.95,8.75" target="#b72">Wang et al. (2016a)</ref> examine how government intervention and guanxi importance moderate the effect of mutual learning on product co-development between the buyer and supplier.</p><p>However, despite that institutions largely determine the cost of detecting and punishing opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="3,489.37,196.71,50.68,8.75" target="#b49">(North 2005)</ref>, few studies have investigated their impact on opportunism, never to mention the underlying mechanisms through which institutional forces may attenuate or increase opportunism. In addition, the proper alignment between governance mechanisms and the institutional environments is an important factor in restraining opportunism. Yet prior studies have paid scant attention to the contingent effect of government role on the efficacy of governance mechanisms. These research gaps warrant a simultaneous examination of the mediating role of governance and their interplay with institutions in constraining opportunism in buyer-supplier dyads.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Subnational institutional variations in emerging markets</head><p>In emerging markets, an underdeveloped legal system and a pervasive reliance on social networks represent the most salient formal and informal institutional factors respectively <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.14,433.34,89.48,8.75" target="#b27">(Hoskisson et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,398.61,433.34,42.75,8.75" target="#b52">Peng 2003)</ref>. In many emerging countries, even if legal codes and court systems seem well defined, their implementation and enforcement remain problematic <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.13,470.70,61.93,8.75" target="#b0">(Acquaah 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,371.09,470.70,85.37,8.75" target="#b27">Hoskisson et al. 2000)</ref>. Although the de jure judiciaries are usually universally-and well-defined at the national level, the de facto judiciaries are often subordinated to political power <ref type="bibr" coords="3,369.01,508.06,74.62,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999</ref>). In China for example, despite continuous legal reforms over the past several decades, legal enforceability continues to be a major business hurdle due to intensive government interventions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,451.03,545.42,89.08,8.75" target="#b83">(Zhou and Poppo 2010)</ref>. In Africa, legal institutions are widely undermined by poor enforcement capacity <ref type="bibr" coords="3,393.82,570.31,62.49,8.75" target="#b0">(Acquaah 2007)</ref>. Therefore, we focus on legal effectiveness, or the extent to which the regulatory and court systems can enforce laws and protect a firm or an individual's property and interests <ref type="bibr" coords="3,437.83,607.67,90.04,8.75" target="#b83">(Zhou and Poppo 2010)</ref>.</p><p>Moreover, companies in Brazil, China, India, and Russia have long traditions of using network-based, informal institutions to conduct business <ref type="bibr" coords="3,412.76,645.03,94.86,8.75" target="#b27">(Hoskisson et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,511.40,645.03,32.84,8.75;3,306.11,657.44,22.25,8.75" target="#b40">Li et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,331.00,657.44,43.27,8.75" target="#b52">Peng 2003)</ref>. These social networks shape dyadic interfirm relationships, because the Bindividual relationships are embedded in a context of other relationships that could have governance implications^ <ref type="bibr" coords="3,411.97,694.80,78.65,8.75">(Heide 1994, p. 81)</ref>. By securing scarce resources and coordinating exchanges, a firm's managerial networks improve firm performance <ref type="bibr" coords="5,188.88,59.74,58.41,8.75" target="#b20">(Gu et al. 2008)</ref>. In China, economic exchanges tend to be built on networks (i.e., guanxi) that rely on special favors and obligations in business relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.02,97.10,98.32,8.75" target="#b18">(Greif and Tabellini 2010)</ref>. Therefore, we consider networking expenditure, the resources a firm uses to build its social networks; the higher the expenditure, the more important networking is in the society <ref type="bibr" coords="5,92.85,134.46,110.43,8.75" target="#b29">(Hutchings and Murray 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,205.63,134.46,55.48,8.75" target="#b41">Lin et al. 2016)</ref>. Unlike governments in developed countries that regulate economic activities mostly through established and transparent legislations, governments in emerging economies such as China often directly intervene into business operations and influence firm decisions by allocating scarce resources and guiding industrial development <ref type="bibr" coords="5,176.19,209.17,62.89,8.75" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010)</ref>. Local governments in China can provide direct support such as valuable information and financial resources to individual firms, as well as indirect support such as implementing policies or programs that are beneficial to individual firms <ref type="bibr" coords="5,219.10,258.95,70.00,8.75;5,51.01,271.42,46.01,8.75" target="#b39">(Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,99.09,271.42,66.12,8.75" target="#b54">Pistor et al. 2000)</ref>. Accordingly, we consider government support, defined as the extent to which governments provide regulatory resources and help to individual firms <ref type="bibr" coords="5,272.45,296.31,16.74,8.75;5,51.01,308.78,43.79,8.75" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,97.38,308.78,113.51,8.75" target="#b39">Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Emerging markets also possess noticeable subnational institutional variations, due to uneven economic development and different cultural traditions across regions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,241.03,346.14,48.08,8.75;5,51.00,358.55,22.25,8.75" target="#b10">(Chan et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,76.63,358.55,85.97,8.75" target="#b11">Chang and Wu 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,165.91,358.55,35.16,8.75" target="#b32">Jia 2014)</ref>. For example, the 33 provinces in China (similar to the states in the U.S.) differ widely in their economic development levels, with the highest GDP per capita of more than US$17,000 in Tianjin and Beijing and the lowest of less than US$4,800 in Yunnan and Gansu in 2016. With such variations, although China has strived to establish an effective legal system nationwide, legal enforcement varies widely across regions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,217.15,445.75,71.93,8.75" target="#b10">(Chan et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.00,458.22,88.79,8.75" target="#b83">Zhou and Poppo 2010)</ref>. 1 Such legal variation is evident even in Italy, a developed country, where the legislative institutions demonstrates large heterogeneity across its 20 regions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,51.02,495.59,113.23,8.75" target="#b38">(Lanzolla and Frankort 2016)</ref>.</p><p>Informal institutions, including culture and social values, also vary greatly across provinces due to historical traditions and uneven development <ref type="bibr" coords="5,160.59,532.95,111.58,8.75" target="#b45">(Meyer and Nguyen 2005)</ref>. In China, the role of informal institutions in business operations, such as managerial networks, is historically and culturally divergent across different regions <ref type="bibr" coords="5,189.62,570.31,56.57,8.75" target="#b40">(Li et al. 2008</ref>). Uneven regional economic development also prompts regional difference in social values, including networking expenditure <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.14,72.15,73.96,8.75" target="#b70">(Tung et al. 2008)</ref>. Compared with the coastal regions of China, which have enjoyed a much faster growth rate, western inland provinces tend to host business operations that are embedded in social relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="5,424.00,109.51,37.49,8.75" target="#b32">(Jia 2014)</ref>.</p><p>Government support also exhibit significant heterogeneity in China. During China's economic reform, the Chinese central government has shifted a large portion of its power to local governments, which can develop specific policies to cater local business environments or regional development priorities <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.15,184.23,59.37,8.75" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010)</ref>. Accordingly, local governments may provide different levels of support to firms, such as state-owned enterprises <ref type="bibr" coords="5,331.89,209.18,72.66,8.75" target="#b86">(Zhou et al. 2017)</ref> or firms with political connections <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.15,221.59,56.13,8.75" target="#b20">(Gu et al. 2008</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Hypotheses</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mediating role of governance mechanisms</head><p>Prior studies have extensively examined the role of contractual and relational governance in deterring partner opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.14,333.67,106.67,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,416.47,333.67,80.76,8.75" target="#b63">Rokkan et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,500.94,333.67,43.41,8.75;5,306.14,346.15,62.43,8.75" target="#b78">Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref>. By explicating the responsibilities of each party, performance outcomes to be delivered, and processes for resolving contingent issues, contractual governance provides clear guidelines for the transaction parties to follow, so it should narrow the potential for opportunistic behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.14,408.39,111.58,8.75" target="#b78">(Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref>. Moreover, the procedures and performance standards specified in the contract provide the basis for courts to clarify responsibility, should breaches occur, which reduces the costs of contract enforcement <ref type="bibr" coords="5,519.58,445.75,24.73,8.75;5,306.14,458.23,21.05,8.75" target="#b36">(Klein 1996)</ref>. Penalties for noncompliance and compensation for the aggrieved party, as specified in the contract, also provide means for the aggrieved party to protect its interests from being opportunistically appropriated <ref type="bibr" coords="5,462.79,495.59,81.35,8.75;5,306.14,508.06,21.05,8.75" target="#b56">(Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. Thus, contracts mitigate interfirm opportunism.</p><p>By nurturing shared values and congruent goals, relational governance motivates exchange parties to cooperate and value mutual interests, which reduces incentives to behave opportunistically <ref type="bibr" coords="5,344.86,557.83,82.80,8.75" target="#b63">(Rokkan et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,431.26,557.83,108.86,8.75" target="#b78">Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref>. Also, relational governance promotes expectations of continuity, which create a future time horizon for exchange relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="5,329.10,595.19,77.06,8.75" target="#b9">(Carson et al. 2006)</ref>. Accordingly, the potential loss of future business outweighs the current gain from opportunistic conduct ). In addition, relational governance encourages information sharing and cultivates trust between the channel members, which reduces tendencies to exercise opportunistic behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="5,399.99,657.44,96.46,8.75" target="#b47">(Morgan and Hunt 1994)</ref>.</p><p>Given the abundant literature on the roles of contractual and relational governance in reducing opportunism, we treat such roles as the foundation of the mediating effects. Our logic is that as institutions determine the transaction costs and legitimacy of a firm's choice of actions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,213.66,59.74,51.86,8.75" target="#b49">(North 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,269.18,59.74,19.93,8.75;6,51.02,72.15,21.05,8.75" target="#b64">Scott 1995)</ref>, governance mechanisms are endogenous to legal effectiveness and networking expenditure and thereby mediate their effects on interfirm opportunism.</p><p>We predict that legal effectiveness will increase the use of contractual governance. The power of the legal system emanates from its capability to make the threat of sanctions or rewards credible <ref type="bibr" coords="6,117.05,146.87,46.41,8.75" target="#b17">(Greif 2005)</ref>. Because an effective legal system strengthens the predictability of the law and enforcement of contracts <ref type="bibr" coords="6,86.67,171.82,87.74,8.75" target="#b83">(Zhou and Poppo 2010)</ref>, firms have higher confidence that the provisions specified in the contracts will be enforced. In return, firms are more likely to enlarge the scope, explicitness, and completeness of their contracts to coordinate economic transactions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,98.08,221.59,74.29,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,174.55,221.59,41.93,8.75" target="#b52">Peng 2003)</ref>. Also, an effective legal system reduces the costs of litigation and contractual enforcement <ref type="bibr" coords="6,91.78,246.53,45.90,8.75" target="#b17">(Greif 2005)</ref>, so firms can protect their interests and obtain credible compensation, should litigations occur. As a result, exchange parties have more incentives to stipulate rewards or compensations in details. In addition, because an effective legal system coercively delineates what each party can or cannot do, and noncompliance leads to legal sanctions <ref type="bibr" coords="6,266.62,308.78,22.54,8.75;6,51.01,321.25,20.54,8.75" target="#b65">(Scott 2008)</ref>, exchange partners are motivated to specify the responsibilities and obligations of each party in the contract.</p><p>Extant literature offers conflicting views regarding the relationship between legal effectiveness and relational governance. Some researchers predict that an efficient legal system decreases the relative enforcement costs of contractual versus relational governance, yet relational governance is more costly and slower to develop and maintain; thus, legal effectiveness should decrease the use of relational governance <ref type="bibr" coords="6,214.97,420.86,50.36,8.75" target="#b17">(Greif 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,269.32,420.86,19.82,8.75;6,51.00,433.27,16.12,8.75" target="#b52">Peng 2003</ref>). In contrast, other researchers emphasize the enduring nature of informal governance mechanisms despite the institutional transition, perhaps because Bthe movement from personal to impersonal exchange … requires fundamental rethinking at odds with our genetic heritage^ <ref type="bibr" coords="6,150.24,483.11,61.54,8.75">(North 2005: 84)</ref>. In reality, relational governance is common in the U.S., despite its strong litigation tradition <ref type="bibr" coords="6,84.78,507.99,97.09,8.75" target="#b56">(Poppo and Zenger 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,184.62,507.99,40.76,8.75" target="#b71">Uzzi 1997)</ref>; the use of relational governance is also extensive in Japan, although an effective legal system has been established over time <ref type="bibr" coords="6,251.96,532.94,37.22,8.75;6,51.00,545.35,61.88,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,115.29,545.35,105.84,8.75" target="#b16">Ginsburg and Hoetker 2006)</ref>.</p><p>We agree that the substitutive view may be too simplistic, as economic activities are deeply embedded in institutional settings <ref type="bibr" coords="6,84.80,582.71,80.41,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999)</ref>. As an effective legal system ensures the transaction order and pre-specified obligations, it increases predictability in behavior and thus serves as an institutional foundation to develop relational governance between the transaction parties <ref type="bibr" coords="6,176.74,632.55,107.94,8.75" target="#b56">(Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. Consistent with this logic, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,155.76,645.02,75.33,8.75" target="#b81">Zhang et al. (2003)</ref> reveal that the perceived hostility of legal and institutional environment in foreign markets increases manufacturer's dependence on foreign distributors, which in turn reduces the flexibility norms. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,51.00,694.79,117.95,8.75" target="#b38">Lanzolla and Frankort (2016)</ref> find that a better institutional quality increases the likelihood of partner contact and information sharing, as the quality of institutional environment conveys credible information on economic agents' behaviors. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,339.13,84.62,100.67,8.75" target="#b18">Greif and Tabellini (2010)</ref> report that Asian businessmen perceive Westerners as more trustworthy due to the advanced legal system in the Western countries, which helps build solidarity norms. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,400.53,121.98,85.54,8.75" target="#b34">Johnson et al. (2002)</ref> show that the effectiveness of legal system has a significant, positive effect on relational norms (i.e., trust and information sharing) between exchange parties in a study of Vietnamese firms. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,306.15,171.82,73.61,8.75" target="#b85">Zhou et al. (2014)</ref> document the persistent role of business ties in Chinese societies during the institutional development. Because relational governance consists of norms of flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity, we predict that legal effectiveness likely supports the use of relational governance.</p><p>Taken together, given the positive effect of legal effectiveness on contractual and relational governance, and the latter's role in constraining opportunism, we hypothesize that:</p><p>H1a: Legal effectiveness mitigates opportunism through increased use of contractual governance. H1b: Legal effectiveness mitigates opportunism through increased use of relational governance.</p><p>Next, we expect networking expenditure to inhibit the use of contractual governance. According to the institutional view, organizations must devise strategic choices, including relationship governance mechanisms, to conform to the normative and cognitive pressures of informal institutions, such as social and cultural values <ref type="bibr" coords="6,350.69,408.39,107.36,8.75" target="#b13">(DiMaggio and Powell 1983)</ref>. Compliance with cultural values allows firms to obtain positive social evaluations and establish social status <ref type="bibr" coords="6,386.66,433.28,48.83,8.75" target="#b50">(Oliver 1991)</ref>. When networking is important, cultural values place great normative pressure on economic agents to use social connections to coordinate business relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="6,328.40,470.64,85.21,8.75" target="#b79">(Xin and Pearce 1996)</ref>. Accordingly, firms must comply with these values to obtain social legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="6,487.95,483.11,52.22,8.75" target="#b50">(Oliver 1991)</ref>. However, if partners rely heavily on explicit contracts, such reliance goes against the prevalent cultural values and is perceived as a signal of distrust <ref type="bibr" coords="6,379.14,520.47,90.41,8.75" target="#b31">(Jap and Ganesan 2000)</ref>. Because escalated distrust deviates from the values of network-based institutions, exchange partners will have less incentive to use detailed and explicit contracts when networking expenditure is high.</p><p>In contrast, networking expenditure fosters relational governance through both normative and cognitive pressures. A network-based society emphasizes social relations, moral obligations, and reputational incentives <ref type="bibr" coords="6,462.10,607.66,82.17,8.75;6,306.15,620.07,21.05,8.75" target="#b18">(Greif and Tabellini 2010)</ref>. These values define what practices are socially acceptable or desirable <ref type="bibr" coords="6,372.42,632.55,46.45,8.75" target="#b64">(Scott 1995)</ref>. Relational norms of flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity get enforced through ongoing cooperative interactions and reputational threats <ref type="bibr" coords="6,306.15,669.91,107.73,8.75" target="#b55">(Plambeck and Taylor 2006)</ref>, which are highly consistent with the normative values of a network-based society. Because the values of cooperation and collectivization are widely diffused among economic agents <ref type="bibr" coords="6,409.16,707.27,53.97,8.75" target="#b50">(Oliver 1991)</ref>, channel managers comply with this cognitive pressure by internalizing beliefs and assumptions within channel dyads to guide everyday operations and routines <ref type="bibr" coords="7,99.20,84.62,44.97,8.75" target="#b64">(Scott 1995)</ref>. Managers thus may develop stronger relational norms, which are congruent with the network values. Overall, because networking expenditure is negatively associated with contractual governance but positively associated with relational governance, we hypothesize that:</p><p>H2a: Networking expenditure increases opportunism through reduced use of contractual governance. H2b: Networking expenditure mitigates opportunism through increased use of relational governance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Moderating role of government support</head><p>By providing regulatory information, scarce resources, and preferential programs, government support plays a critical role in shaping the efficacy of firm strategies <ref type="bibr" coords="7,216.05,283.90,73.05,8.75;7,51.02,296.31,46.73,8.75" target="#b39">(Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,100.63,296.31,70.13,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011)</ref>. We suggest that government support may enhance the role of contractual governance in mitigating opportunism. First, government support can facilitate contractual enforcement. Given the overall underdeveloped institutional frameworks in emerging economies, contractual enforcement in general is problematic and subject to the interpretation and intervention of local government officials <ref type="bibr" coords="7,70.45,383.51,41.86,8.75" target="#b42">(Luo 2007)</ref>. Accordingly, local government officials play a significant role in facilitating the litigation process as well as speeding up the execution of judicial ruling. For instance, according to the statistics from the World Bank's Doing Business Survey ( 2008), nearly half of the civil cases with effective rulings in China had not been executed by the year end. Government officials can use their political power to execute the ruling in a timely manner. As a result, opportunistic contract breach or violation can be deterred if firms can obtain strong support from local governments. Second, government support can help firms fulfill their contractual obligations. When firms cannot deliver the outputs as prescribed in the contracts due to uncontrollable factors, opportunistic shirking or evasion of obligations arises <ref type="bibr" coords="7,51.00,557.83,103.98,8.75" target="#b74">(Wathne and Heide 2000)</ref>. If firms can obtain resource or policy support from the government, they can deal with the uncontrollable factors so as to fulfill its contractual obligations and avoid potential opportunistic behaviors. As a result, contractual governance is more effective when government support is strong. The case of Fosunny (Fu Chang) Electronic Technology Co. in China illustrates the important role that governments play to help firms fulfill their contractual obligations. With more than 100 upstream suppliers, Fosunny is a Shenzhen-based electronics manufacturer that provides smartphone components and accessories for telecoms giants, including Huawei Technologies and ZTE Corporation. In 2014, Fosunny experienced its hardest time and filed a bankruptcy and reorganization case. The local governments in Shenzhen provided intensive support to Fosunny in the reorganization process by providing unemployment benefits to its employees, coordinating creditors and suppliers, and bringing in new strategic investors, and etc. These efforts helped Fosunny to avoid potential breach or violation of its contracts with upstream suppliers <ref type="bibr" coords="7,444.23,134.44,78.09,8.75" target="#b12">(China Daily 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,525.97,134.44,18.22,8.75;7,306.12,146.86,77.12,8.75">Wall Street Journal 2015)</ref>. Overall, we predict: H3: The negative relationship between contractual governance and opportunism is stronger when government support is high than when it is low.</p><p>In contrast, relational governance may be less effective in constraining opportunism when government support is high. Relational governance coordinates exchanges through information and resource sharing, which nurtures mutual benefits and suppresses opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="7,431.02,271.41,113.18,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.12,283.88,117.78,8.75" target="#b62">Rindfleisch and Heide 1997)</ref>. However, when firms have strong government support, they can obtain critical information and scarce resources from the governments <ref type="bibr" coords="7,513.30,308.77,30.98,8.75;7,306.12,321.24,87.22,8.75" target="#b39">(Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,396.30,321.24,70.18,8.75" target="#b54">Pistor et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,469.51,321.24,66.48,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011</ref>). As <ref type="bibr" coords="7,319.17,333.65,69.31,8.75" target="#b86">Zhou et al. (2017)</ref> reveal, state-owned enterprises in China have the privilege of securing low-cost loans from the big-four banks, which are directly controlled by the government. In such case, relational governance becomes less effective in suppressing opportunism because government support reduces firms' dependence on partners for resources.</p><p>The role of relational governance in constraining opportunism also relies on social reputation <ref type="bibr" coords="7,488.96,420.85,55.27,8.75;7,306.13,433.26,21.57,8.75" target="#b66">(Sheng et al. 2011)</ref>. Opportunistic behaviors are perceived by the members of the business society as a noncompliance or violation of relational norms <ref type="bibr" coords="7,406.75,458.21,83.40,8.75" target="#b84">(Zhou and Xu 2012)</ref>. The loss of a trustworthy reputation due to opportunistic behaviors can lead to ostracism or exclusion from business loops, which helps curb opportunistic intentions <ref type="bibr" coords="7,479.07,495.57,65.13,8.75" target="#b20">(Gu et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.13,507.98,108.59,8.75" target="#b46">Milgrom and North 1990)</ref>. Meanwhile, given the strong power of governments in emerging markets <ref type="bibr" coords="7,491.36,520.45,52.89,8.75;7,306.13,532.93,21.57,8.75" target="#b66">(Sheng et al. 2011)</ref>, government support reflects the backup and favor from the administrative agencies, which helps build and signal a firm's social legitimacy <ref type="bibr" coords="7,445.01,557.83,99.24,8.75;7,306.14,570.31,21.82,8.75" target="#b39">(Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001)</ref>. Such legitimacy implies that the firm's activities and behaviors are consistent with government expectations and standards <ref type="bibr" coords="7,389.03,595.20,120.42,8.75" target="#b87">(Zimmerman and Zeitz 2002)</ref>. As social legitimacy enables a firm to earn acceptance and support from stakeholders in the business network <ref type="bibr" coords="7,503.41,620.09,40.81,8.75;7,306.14,632.56,22.62,8.75" target="#b69">(Suchman 1995)</ref>, the opportunism-constraining role of relational governance declines for firms with strong government support.</p><p>H4: The negative relationship between relational governance and opportunism is weaker when government support is high than when it is low.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample and data collection procedures</head><p>To test the hypotheses, we examined buyer-supplier exchanges of manufacturing firms in China by combining a primary dyadic survey and 2 secondary datasets. In China, institutional development varies significantly across different provinces, so a province is a meaningful level to measure the legal effectiveness and networking expenditure (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,198.09,171.82,63.92,8.75" target="#b10">Chan et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,263.96,171.82,25.16,8.75;8,51.02,184.23,58.02,8.75" target="#b11">Chang and Wu 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,112.82,184.23,31.43,8.75" target="#b32">Jia 2014</ref>). We assessed province-level legal effectiveness with an archival dataset provided by the National Economic Research Institute (NERI) in China. We measured province-level networking expenditure with data from the World Bank BInvestment Climate Survey.^We conducted a primary survey of buyer-supplier dyads to measure a firm's perception of government support and other exchange-level variables. The survey was conducted 2 year after the secondary data collection (i.e., information about legal effectiveness and networking expenditure), which helped establish causal links between the institutional environments and the governance mechanisms. We combined the 3 datasets by attributing the scores of legal effectiveness and networking expenditure to the individual firms based on their home provinces. For the primary survey, we used a directory provided by the China Statistics Bureau to draw a random sample of 1,200 manufacturing firms that operated within the four-digit Chinese Industrial Classification codes 1311-4290. These firms spanned diverse industries (e.g., chemicals, computer equipment, electronics, mechanics, materials, plastics, apparel, furniture, food) and regions, such that they offer significant variation in their institutional environments.</p><p>The survey instrument was developed in English, translated into Chinese by independent translators, and then translated back into English to ensure conceptual equivalence <ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.03,495.58,85.87,8.75" target="#b27">(Hoskisson et al. 2000)</ref>. To ensure the content and face validity of the measures, we conducted 10 in-depth interviews with senior purchasing managers, who affirmed their relevance and completeness. On the basis of their responses, we also revised a few questionnaire items. We then conducted a pilot study with 20 purchasing professionals and 20 supplier managers, who answered all the items and provided further feedback about the design and wording of the questionnaire. We finalized the questionnaire according to the results of this pilot study.</p><p>We collaborated with a national marketing research company and trained interviewers to administer the survey on-site. On-site surveys are critical for obtaining reliable, valid data in emerging markets, because interviewers can reach the right respondents and explain the survey questions if necessary <ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.03,669.91,89.82,8.75" target="#b27">(Hoskisson et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,143.95,669.91,50.17,8.75" target="#b40">Li et al. 2008</ref>). In each firm, a senior purchasing manager served as the key informant; our interviews revealed that they were the most knowledgeable about their firms' relationships with suppliers. Managers were first contacted by telephone to solicit their cooperation. To motivate participation, the interviewers informed them of the academic nature of the study and the confidentiality of their responses and offered an incentive, in the form of a summary report. In total, 583 purchasing managers agreed to participate, 463 of whom were successfully surveyed on-site. Informants selected one of their firms' major suppliers and answered the survey questions with regard to their exchanges with that supplier. After the survey, we asked the managers to provide contact information for their counterparts in the supplier companies.</p><p>Next, we contacted the supplier managers to solicit their cooperation. At this stage, we used multiple methods (i.e., onsite visits, mail, and fax) to collect the data. After excluding firms with extensive missing values, we successfully obtained 420 valid responses from suppliers. Our final sample thus consists of 420 matched buyer-supplier dyads, representing an effective response rate of 35%. The sample firms were located in 18 provinces or province-level municipal cities; 71.7% buyers and suppliers were located in the same province or province-level municipal cities, and 28.3% dyads were comprised of buyers and suppliers from different locations. Since we used the buyer's opportunism as the dependent variable, we used the buyer province's institutional environments in the analyses when the buyer and the supplier were not located in the same province.</p><p>After this fieldwork, one of the authors randomly contacted 45 respondents to confirm that the interviews had been conducted properly; we found no problems in the data collection procedure. A comparison of the responding and nonresponding firms from the sampling frame indicated no significant differences in terms of key firm characteristics (t = 0.21, p = 0.83 for number of employees; t = 0.52, p = 0.61 for total assets), so non-response bias was not a major concern.</p><p>Measures To avoid common method bias, we separated the information sources of independent and dependent variables. In particular, the information of province-level institutional variables (legal effectiveness and networking expenditure) was obtained from the secondary data; the information of government support and interfirm governance mechanisms (i.e., contractual and relational governance) was collected from buyer managers; the information of opportunism and control variables was from supplier managers. In the survey, the perceptual measures of latent constructs used 7-point Likert scales.</p><p>Opportunism To avoid potential response bias associated with self-reported opportunism, we asked the supplier to rate the buyer's opportunism. These items, adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="8,493.56,682.39,50.67,8.75;8,306.14,694.80,24.32,8.75" target="#b63">Rokkan et al. (2003)</ref>, assessed the extent to which the buyer firms engaged in opportunistic behaviors such as lying, violating contracts, breaking promises, breaching informal agreements, or hurting the supplier's interest (see the Appendix).</p><p>We measured contractual governance with items adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,51.02,97.10,96.11,8.75" target="#b43">Lusch and Brown (1996)</ref>. These items assessed the degree to which the channel members relied on written contracts (cf. shared understanding) to specify roles, responsibilities, task performance, or appropriate responses to unplanned events, as well as to resolve disagreement. We operationalized relational governance as a second-order factor of 3 relational norms: flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity <ref type="bibr" coords="9,136.28,171.82,86.20,8.75" target="#b24">(Heide and John 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,225.35,171.82,63.77,8.75;9,51.02,184.23,21.22,8.75" target="#b31">Jap and Ganesan 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,74.61,184.23,90.23,8.75" target="#b43">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,167.19,184.23,66.37,8.75" target="#b81">Zhang et al. 2003)</ref>.</p><p>We adapted the measure of government support from Li and Atuahene-Gima <ref type="formula" coords="9,130.98,209.17,24.31,8.75">(2001)</ref>. The scale contains four items that reflect the local governments' effort and activities to support individual firms' operations in various perspectives, including supportive projects, policies, information, and resources.</p><p>The measure of legal effectiveness is from the NERI index that indicates each province's level of economic, financial, political, and legal development, which has been widely used in economics, finance, and strategy research (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="9,246.88,296.31,42.22,8.75;9,51.01,308.78,38.85,8.75" target="#b11">Chang and Wu 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,92.56,308.78,34.43,8.75" target="#b32">Jia 2014)</ref>. The index contains five sub-indices: (1) the relation between government and the market, (2) the development of the non-state economy, (3) the development of the product market, (4) the development of the factor market, and (5) the development of the legal environment and market intermediaries. We used the fifth sub-index to measure legal effectiveness. It contains four indicators: (1) development of market and legal intermediaries, such as lawyer and accountant services, (2) legal protection of corporate property and interests, (3) legal protection of intellectual property, and (4) legal protection of consumer interests and rights. The level of legal effectiveness exhibits significant variation across different provinces, ranging from 3.20 (Shaanxi province) to 13.87 (Shanghai), with an average of 11.88.</p><p>We obtained the measure of networking expenditure from the World Bank BInvestment Climate Survey.^In China, firms devote substantial resources to business entertainment, such as karaoke, performances, travel, and banquets, to build managerial networks <ref type="bibr" coords="9,87.54,532.94,70.43,8.75" target="#b66">(Sheng et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,160.26,532.94,80.02,8.75" target="#b79">Xin and Pearce 1996)</ref>; networking expenditure reflects the importance and value of social networks <ref type="bibr" coords="9,51.02,557.83,59.89,8.75" target="#b41">(Lin et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,113.15,557.83,107.06,8.75" target="#b29">Hutchings and Murray 2003)</ref>. The World Bank Survey collected information of annual corporate expenses on business entertaining. We used the annual entertaining expenses as a percentage of firm revenue to measure networking expenditure. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="9,108.50,607.66,61.55,8.75" target="#b41">Lin et al. (2016)</ref> use this ratio to measure firms' investment on network connections, which reflects the importance and value of network in business operations in China.</p><p>The World Bank Survey sampled 12,400 firms in China. To assess networking expenditure at the provincial level, we used the average score across all individual sample firms in each province, with the assumption that firms in a specific province share similar cultural values <ref type="bibr" coords="9,201.86,694.79,87.32,8.75;9,51.02,707.27,21.05,8.75" target="#b37">(Klein and Kozlowski 2000)</ref>. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="9,121.20,707.27,109.71,8.75" target="#b37">Klein and Kozlowski (2000)</ref>, we examined within-unit agreement and between-unit differences when aggregating firm-level data to the provincial level. We generated the intraclass correlation coefficients ICC (1). The ICC (1) is greater than 0, and the group effect (i.e., F-value in the analysis of variance <ref type="bibr" coords="9,369.80,109.51,37.49,8.75">[ANOVA]</ref>, with province as the independent variable and the ratio as the dependent variable) is significant (p &lt; .001), indicating within-unit convergence. Using the Spearman-Brown formula, we derived an ICC (2) value of 0.85, well above the 0.70 cutoff <ref type="bibr" coords="9,449.93,159.34,94.22,8.75;9,306.14,171.82,21.15,8.75" target="#b37">(Klein and Kozlowski 2000)</ref>. These results justify the data aggregation. The level of networking expenditure (the annual entertaining expenses as a percentage of firm revenue) varies substantially, with the lowest level of 0.27 (Guangdong province) and the highest level of 0.77 (Hunan province). The average level is 0.42.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control variables</head><p>We controlled for four sources of heterogeneity. First, we controlled for exchange attributes, including TSAs and performance ambiguity. We adapted the TSAs measure from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,351.31,283.90,137.26,8.75" target="#b5">Cannon and Perreault Jr. (1999)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="9,511.71,283.90,32.53,8.75;9,306.15,296.31,61.71,8.75" target="#b31">Jap and Ganesan (2000)</ref> and the scale of the buyer's performance ambiguity from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,357.62,308.78,51.69,8.75" target="#b23">Heide (2003)</ref> (see the Appendix).</p><p>Second, we considered focal firm characteristics, including firm size and foreign ownership. We used the logarithm of the number of employees as an indicator of firm size. Firm ownership was a dummy variable, with international joint ventures and wholly foreign-owned firms coded foreign (1) and others coded domestic (0).</p><p>Third, we noted the dyadic exchange characteristics, including order frequency, exchange duration, and transaction size. For order frequency, we determined how often the buyer placed orders on an eight-point scale (1 = Bonce a day,^8 = Bonce a year^). Exchange duration indicated the number of years the buyer and supplier had been doing business together. To measure transaction size, we used the natural logarithm of yearly sales (in tens of thousands of RMB) between the supplier and the buyer.</p><p>In addition, we accounted for the impacts of industry. We controlled for the effects of the firm's industry with 3 dummy variables: electronics, mechanics, and chemicals. The remaining industries represented the baseline group. <ref type="table" coords="9,466.91,532.94,28.96,8.75" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> presents the descriptive statistics and correlations among all the variables.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Construct validity</head><p>We assessed the reliability and validity of latent constructs with confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). First, we ran a CFA model of the 3 first-order factors of relational governance (i.e., flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity) (see Appendix, Panel A). Then we ran an overall CFA model that includes all latent constructs, in which relational governance was treated as a second-order factor with 3 summated indicators of the first-order factors (see Appendix, Panel B).</p><p>For Models A and B, the comparative fit index [CFI] is 0.96 and 0.94; the root mean square error of approximation  [RMSEA] is 0.08 and 0.08; the standardized root mean square residual [SRMR] is 0.04 and 0.08. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="11,257.06,72.15,32.03,8.75;11,51.02,84.62,64.22,8.75" target="#b28">Hu and Bentler's (1999)</ref> two-index approach, we used RMSEA and SRMR to evaluate the measurement model fit. The SRMR value (0.04 and 0.08) is better than the cutoff value (0.09) whereas RMSEA (0.08) is slightly higher than the cutoff value (0.06) suggested by <ref type="bibr" coords="11,129.67,134.46,85.94,8.75" target="#b28">Hu and Bentler (1999)</ref>. Overall, the measurement models fit the data adequately.</p><p>As the Appendix shows, the composite reliability of each latent construct exceeded the 0.70 threshold <ref type="bibr" coords="11,225.28,171.82,63.80,8.75;11,51.02,184.23,22.56,8.75" target="#b1">(Bagozzi and Yi 1988)</ref>; the average variance extracted (AVE) values all exceeded the 0.50 cutoff value <ref type="bibr" coords="11,178.02,196.70,106.98,8.75" target="#b15">(Fornell and Larcker 1981)</ref>. We compared the AVE of each construct with the square of the construct's correlations with other factors to assess discriminant validity. All the AVEs were greater than the correlation squares, providing further support of discriminant validity <ref type="bibr" coords="11,74.04,258.95,104.21,8.75" target="#b15">(Fornell and Larcker 1981)</ref>. Overall, the measures possessed adequate reliability and validity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analyses and results</head><p>Following previous studies <ref type="bibr" coords="11,159.65,333.68,85.79,8.75" target="#b51">(Palmatier et al. 2007)</ref>, we tested our model by using structural equation modeling (SEM) with maximum likelihood estimation for 3 reasons. First, contractual governance and relational governance can coexist in a buyer-suppler relationship <ref type="bibr" coords="11,162.09,383.51,106.80,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015)</ref>; the correlation between the two types of governance can be accounted for in an SEM model by simultaneously analyzing all variables in the model instead of separately. Second, SEM uses latent variables to account for measurement errors, instead of aggregating measurement errors in a residual error term. Third, SEM is particularly effective in testing mediating models <ref type="bibr" coords="11,81.71,470.70,87.78,8.75" target="#b28">(Hu and Bentler 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,172.13,470.70,81.99,8.75" target="#b51">Palmatier et al. 2007)</ref>.</p><p>In the SEM model, we estimated the path links among the constructs according to the conceptual framework in <ref type="figure" coords="11,262.92,495.59,22.57,8.75">Fig. 1</ref>. Legal effectiveness and networking expenditure were the exogenous constructs, with contractual governance and relational governance as the intermediate constructs, and opportunism as the outcome variable. The 10 control variables were included and linked to opportunism. Each construct with multiple measurement items was represented as a latent construct. Relational governance was configured as a second-order factor with 3 first-order reflective constructs (i.e., flexibility, information sharing, and solidarity). As shown in <ref type="table" coords="11,142.03,607.67,26.39,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, the fit indexes of the mediating effect model indicated an adequate fit (χ 2 (534) = 1512.81, p &lt; 0.001; RMSEA = 0.07; SRMR = 0.07; CFI = 0.90).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mediating effects of governance</head><p>We compared two models to test the mediating effects (see <ref type="table" coords="11,51.02,694.81,26.51,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). First, we estimated a direct effect model that excluded the mediating variables (contractual and relational governance).</p><p>The model shows direct negative effects of contractual governance (β = -0.08, p &lt; 0.10) and relational governance (β = -0.19, p &lt; 0.01) on opportunism. Second, we included contractual and relational governance into the mediating effect model. As shown in <ref type="table" coords="11,315.62,109.50,26.44,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, the effect of networking expenditure on opportunism remains significant (β = -0.18, p &lt; 0.01) and that of legal effectiveness becomes non-significant (β = -0.02, n.s.). Legal effectiveness positively relates to both contractual governance (β = 0.24, p &lt; 0.01) and relational governance (β = 0.14, p &lt; 0.01). Networking expenditure negatively relates to contractual governance (β = -0.12, p &lt; 0.05) but positively relate to relational governance (β = 0.13, p &lt; 0.05). Furthermore, both contractual governance (β = -0.14, p &lt; 0.01) and relational governance (β = -0.27, p &lt; 0.01) negatively relate to opportunism.</p><p>Overall, the results in <ref type="table" coords="11,400.48,234.06,28.24,8.75" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> support the mediating roles of contractual and relational governance underlying effects of institutional environments on opportunism, with the effect of legal effectiveness being fully mediated and the effect of networking expenditure being partially mediated. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="11,306.11,296.30,71.80,8.75" target="#b82">Zhao et al. (2010)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="11,398.91,296.30,105.35,8.75" target="#b59">Preacher and Hayes (2008)</ref>, we used the bootstrapping test results to assess the significance of the indirect effects of institutional environments on opportunism. The 95% bias-corrected confidence interval for the indirect effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism is <ref type="bibr" coords="11,488.82,346.14,51.68,8.75">[-0.13, -0.03]</ref>. Because this interval is below 0, the indirect effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism differs significantly from 0 at the 5% significance level. In contrast, the 95% bias-corrected confidence interval for the indirect effect of networking expenditure on opportunism is [-0.07, 0.03]. Since the 0 point falls within the confidence interval, the indirect effect of networking expenditure is not significantly different from 0 at the 5% significance level <ref type="bibr" coords="11,362.98,445.74,61.40,8.75" target="#b82">(Zhao et al. 2010</ref>). However, this does not mean that there is no mediating effect from networking expenditure to opportunism through governance mechanisms, because opposite mediating effects may exist, resulting in a non-significant indirect effect <ref type="bibr" coords="11,360.84,495.58,66.92,8.75" target="#b82">(Zhao et al. 2010)</ref>.</p><p>In order to test H1a-b and H2a-b, we need to isolate the indirect effects of institutional factors on opportunism through specific mediators, i.e., contractual governance and relational governance, respectively, and run the corresponding Sobel ztest <ref type="bibr" coords="11,323.54,557.82,73.24,8.75" target="#b82">(Zhao et al. 2010)</ref>. As shown in <ref type="table" coords="11,461.12,557.83,29.49,8.75" target="#tab_3">Table 4</ref>, all the four isolated mediating effects are significant and consistent with our predictions. The indirect effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism through contractual governance (β = -0.02, p &lt; 0.05) and relational governance (β = -0.02, p &lt; 0.05) are significant and pointing in the same direction, leading to the significant indirect effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism in the bootstrapping test. However, the mediating mechanism underlying the effect of networking expenditure demonstrates a more complex fashion. The indirect effect of networking expenditure on opportunism through contract governance is positive and marginally significant (β = 0.26, p &lt; 0.10), while that through relational governance is negative (β = -0.52, p &lt; 0.05). As  Moderating effects of government support <ref type="bibr" coords="13,51.02,152.66,135.87,8.75">Following Palmatier et al.'s (2007)</ref> approach, we used multigroup structural analyses to test the moderating effects of government support on the relationships between governance and opportunism. First, we used median-split to divide the whole sample into two groups at the median level of government support. Observations with a value of government support smaller than the median (4.50) is grouped into the Blow^group (N =194); and those with a value of government support larger than the median is grouped into the Bhigh^group (N = 209). Then, we tested the moderating hypotheses using a series of nested models. For each moderating hypothesis, we compared the constrained model in which the path coefficient corresponding to the relationship of concern (i.e. the hypothesized moderated path) is constrained to remain equal across the two groups versus an unconstrained model in which the path is estimated freely for each group. A significantly lower χ 2 value for the unconstrained model indicates a significant moderating effect.</p><p>In line with H3, the results in <ref type="table" coords="13,176.18,364.35,28.58,8.75" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref> show that contractual governance plays a stronger role in constraining opportunism when government support is high (β = -0.31, p &lt; 0.01) than when it is low (β = 0.01, n.s.). The chi-square difference test also suggests a significant moderating effect (Δλ 2</p><p>(1) = 10.17, p &lt; 0.01). Consistent with the prediction of H4, the results in <ref type="table" coords="13,51.03,439.07,30.16,8.75" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref> show that relational governance is less effective in mitigating opportunism when government support is high (β = 0.11, n.s.) than when it is low (β = -0.23, p &lt; 0.01; Δλ 2 (1) = 4.19, p &lt; 0.05). These results provide support to H3 and H4 .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Echoing the call for more research into the role of institutions in marketing decisions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,144.31,544.52,68.08,8.75" target="#b7">(Cao et al. 2018;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,215.89,544.52,73.21,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,51.02,556.93,45.95,8.75" target="#b67">Sheth 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,98.86,556.93,63.24,8.75" target="#b80">Yang et al. 2012)</ref>, especially in marketing channel management <ref type="bibr" coords="13,104.99,569.40,81.27,8.75" target="#b8">(Carson et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,189.98,569.40,99.21,8.75;13,306.15,59.74,22.76,8.75" target="#b19">Grewal and Dharwadkar 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,332.74,59.74,93.14,8.75" target="#b44">McFarland et al. 2008)</ref>, we aim to understand how institutional environments influence opportunism in buyersupplier relationships. Our study tackles this question from an institutional view by uncovering the mediating effect of contractual and relational governance on the relationship between institutions and opportunism, as well as the moderating role of government support on the efficacy of interfirm governance. The empirical findings of this study have important implications for both marketing theory and practice.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical contributions</head><p>First, the extant governance literature, mostly rooted in TCE, has focused primarily on the task environment and economic determinants of transaction costs <ref type="bibr" coords="13,417.75,245.63,122.40,8.75" target="#b19">(Grewal and Dharwadkar 2002)</ref>. However, institutions are primary macro-level determinants of the size and structure of transaction costs at the micro-level <ref type="bibr" coords="13,306.13,282.99,48.21,8.75" target="#b48">(North 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,356.87,282.99,64.98,8.75" target="#b76">Williamson 1996)</ref>, and they exert significant influence on strategic decisions, including interfirm governance choices, and the performance outcome of these decisions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,526.09,307.88,18.13,8.75;13,306.13,320.35,43.90,8.75" target="#b7">(Cao et al. 2018;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,353.46,320.35,73.90,8.75" target="#b8">Carson et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,430.79,320.35,65.67,8.75" target="#b80">Yang et al. 2012)</ref>. This study extends the TCE-based marketing channel literature by explicitly considering the role of institutions. Because formal and informal institutional forces have distinct enforcement mechanisms <ref type="bibr" coords="13,519.70,357.71,24.52,8.75;13,306.13,370.13,19.92,8.75" target="#b49">(North 2005)</ref>, they demonstrate differential effects on buyer-supplier opportunism. This institutional view of buyer-supplier relationship enriches the extant TCE-based marketing channel literature and demonstrates the importance of integrating macro-level institutional forces with micro-level governance mechanisms of economic exchanges <ref type="bibr" coords="13,372.51,432.43,87.13,8.75" target="#b44">(McFarland et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,461.99,432.43,64.78,8.75" target="#b76">Williamson 1996)</ref>.</p><p>Second, our study reveals the underling mediating mechanisms through which institutions impact buyer-supplier relationships, echoing a long-standing call by <ref type="bibr" coords="13,494.44,469.79,49.77,8.75;13,306.15,482.21,75.46,8.75" target="#b19">Grewal and Dharwadkar (2002)</ref>. Some recent studies have started to examine the effect of institutions on buyer-supplier relationship performance, including trust development <ref type="bibr" coords="13,475.43,507.15,64.71,8.75" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010)</ref>, role hazards <ref type="bibr" coords="13,355.01,519.57,68.91,8.75" target="#b14">(Dong et al. 2016)</ref>, and likelihood of transactions <ref type="bibr" coords="13,306.15,532.04,112.38,8.75" target="#b38">(Lanzolla and Frankort 2016)</ref>. However, we know little about the underlying mechanisms through which institutions attenuate or nurture opportunism. Our findings indicate that the effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism is fully mediated by contractual and relational governance, which suggests that an effective legal system increases the use of both contractual and relational governance, which in turn mitigates partner opportunism. The finding of the enduring role of relational governance is in contrast with the conventional institutional view that governance mechanisms will shift from networkbased to market-based as the formal institutions improve in emerging economies <ref type="bibr" coords="14,133.67,146.87,46.05,8.75" target="#b52">(Peng 2003)</ref>. However, this finding is in line with recent evidence that an effective legal system builds up the foundation that supports the functioning of relational governance <ref type="bibr" coords="14,98.79,184.23,115.86,8.75" target="#b38">(Lanzolla and Frankort 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,217.73,184.23,63.05,8.75" target="#b85">Zhou et al. 2014</ref>). These findings suggest that the establishment of effective legal system in emerging markets does not preclude the use of informal governance; rather, the pluralistic use of both formal and informal governance is more realistic. Interestingly, whereas networking expenditure decreases opportunism via relational governance, it also increases opportunism by reducing the use of contracts. Such findings show the complicated influence of institutional factors on interfirm strategies and bridge the missing link between institutional factors and relationship outcomes (c.f. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,68.52,308.78,108.99,8.75" target="#b38">Lanzolla and Frankort 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,180.02,308.78,59.86,8.75" target="#b68">Shou et al. 2016</ref>). Third, the extant marketing literature recognizes how alternative governance mechanisms curtail potential opportunism (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,51.00,346.14,69.07,8.75" target="#b25">Heide et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,123.28,346.14,76.68,8.75" target="#b63">Rokkan et al. 2003)</ref> and how their efficacy depends on the nature of exchange hazards <ref type="bibr" coords="14,235.37,358.55,53.74,8.75;14,51.00,371.03,66.07,8.75" target="#b26">(Hoetker and Mellewigt 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,120.96,371.03,75.38,8.75" target="#b58">Poppo et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,200.17,371.03,80.55,8.75" target="#b60">Raassens et al. 2012</ref>). However, despite the long-standing call of <ref type="bibr" coords="14,239.76,383.50,49.33,8.75;14,51.01,395.91,73.32,8.75" target="#b19">Grewal and Dharwadkar (2002)</ref>, few studies account for the interplay between governance mechanisms and institutional environments <ref type="bibr" coords="14,51.01,420.86,63.23,8.75" target="#b2">(Bai et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,117.58,420.86,68.38,8.75" target="#b73">Wang et al. 2016b</ref>). We extend this research stream by examining how government support differentially moderates the effects of contractual and relational governance on opportunism. Our findings reveal that contractual governance is more effective in constraining opportunism when government support is high, whereas relational governance is more effective when government support is low. These findings provide fresh insights into how to match the proper governance mechanisms with the institutional environment <ref type="bibr" coords="14,181.06,520.47,64.52,8.75" target="#b80">(Yang et al. 2012</ref>) and highlight the importance of considering the role of government in interfirm exchange studies <ref type="bibr" coords="14,151.65,545.35,60.38,8.75" target="#b2">(Bai et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,214.45,545.35,62.50,8.75" target="#b66">Sheng et al. 2011</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Managerial implications</head><p>This study also offers important managerial implications. Whereas emerging markets such as China offer great growth opportunities, their fast-changing social, political, and economic institutions also make opportunistic behaviors pervasive <ref type="bibr" coords="14,265.09,632.56,24.00,8.75;14,51.02,645.03,19.63,8.75" target="#b67">(Sheth 2011)</ref>. Hence, managers must consider institutional environments when employing appropriate governance mechanisms to constrain opportunism. First, managers should understand that contractual and relational governance fully mediate the effect of legal effectiveness on opportunism. Thus, in regions with welldeveloped legal systems, managers should both design specific contractual clauses and develop relational norms to constrain opportunism, rather than reduce the use of relational governance.</p><p>Second, managers should understand the complicated role of social networks in deterring opportunism. Whereas managers tend to use less contractual governance in a network-based business environment, such a practice is not optimal because it leads to increased opportunism. For instance, the northeast region of China is characterized by heavy reliance on network connections in business operations. Transaction parties often downplay legal contracts to manage their relationships. This deters the development of a heathy business environment, and opportunism in business relationships is pervasive, which is considered to be an important factor leading to slow economic growth in this region in recent years. Thus, managers should realize that even if social networks are pervasive, it is not a wise choice to lessen contractual governance when opportunism is a concern.</p><p>Third, our findings indicate that the effect of governance mechanism is contingent on government support. If managers can gain strong support from the government, then they can use contractual control to suppress transaction partners' opportunistic behaviors. Conversely, if managers attempt to use contractual control, they should try to get support from the government to back it up. In contrast, when government support is unlikely, then managers should employ relational governance to constrain partner opportunism.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and further research</head><p>This study is subject to several limitations. First, our sample is limited to firms in China. Emerging markets vary in their economic development and institutional transitions, so we recommend caution before generalizing our findings. Additional research could test our framework in other emerging markets. Also, cultural differences may interfere with governance choices in the buyer-supplier dyads. Collective cultures motivate economic agents to reduce conflict and pursue common interests, whereas individualist cultures may encourage self-interest seeking <ref type="bibr" coords="14,319.96,520.48,96.08,8.75" target="#b21">(Handley and Angst 2015)</ref>. Future research may explore how cultural differences influence the effects of the governance on opportunism in buyer-supplier relationships.</p><p>Second, we measure legal effectiveness and networking expenditure at the province level. Whereas the cross-province variations in China are shown in prior studies (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,486.88,582.78,57.36,8.75;14,306.14,595.20,21.22,8.75" target="#b11">Chang and Wu 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,329.89,595.20,28.66,8.75" target="#b32">Jia 2014</ref>), the conceptual model can be tested more effectively with a cross-country dataset, which can directly measure institutional environments at the national level <ref type="bibr" coords="14,476.25,620.08,64.02,8.75" target="#b80">(Yang et al. 2012)</ref>. Also, there may be many other confounding variables like urbanization and westernization due to uneven regional development in China, future research should take a longitudinal panel dataset to examine their impacts.</p><p>Third, this study investigates a limited set of institutions, in the form of legal frameworks, informal networks, and government support. A natural extension thus would be to examine whether other facets of institutional frameworks, such as political instability and government corruption, affect buyer-supplier relationship management <ref type="bibr" coords="15,249.86,84.62,39.25,8.75;15,51.03,97.10,65.42,8.75" target="#b6">(Cao and Lumineau 2015)</ref>.</p><p>Fourth, managers have multiple goals when managing buyer-supplier relationships, such as suppressing opportunism, minimizing risk, bolstering cooperation, and maximizing profitability <ref type="bibr" coords="15,135.72,146.87,76.57,8.75" target="#b58">(Poppo et al. 2016)</ref>. With our sole focus on opportunism, this study suggests the need for further research that explores the confluence of governance mechanisms and institutions in shaping other relationship outcomes. Also, dyadic variables, including order frequency, exchange duration, transaction size, and relative power, also interact with institutions to determine exchange outcomes. Additional research is encouraged to explore the dynamic interplay among institutions, exchange features, and relationship outcomes. • Flexibility in response to requests for changes is a characteristic of this relationship.</p><p>• The parties expect to be able to make adjustments in the ongoing relationship to cope with changing circumstances. • When some unexpected situation arises, the parties would rather work out a new deal than hold each other to the original terms. • Changes in Bfixed^prices are not ruled out by the parties, if it is considered necessary.</p><p>.80 .79 .88 .82</p><p>Information sharing CR = .85; AVE = .60.</p><p>• The parties will provide proprietary information if it can help the other party.</p><p>• We keep each other informed about events or changes that may affect the other party.</p><p>• We always share supply and demand forecasts.</p><p>• Exchange of information in this relationship takes place frequently.</p><p>.76 .84 .93 .89</p><p>Solidarity CR = .81; AVE = .52.</p><p>• Problems that arise in the course of this relationship are treated by my firm and this supplier as joint rather than individual responsibilities. • Both parties are committed to improvements that may benefit the relationship as a whole, and not only the individual parties. • Both parties in this relationship do not mind owing each other favors.</p><p>• In most aspects of the relationship, the parties are jointly responsible for getting things done. • This buyer lies about certain things in order to protect their interests occasionally.</p><p>• This buyer sometimes promises to do things without actually doing them later.</p><p>• This buyer does not always act in accordance with our contract(s).</p><p>.85 .90 .95 • This buyer sometimes tries to breach informal agreements between our companies to maximize their own benefit. • This buyer will try to take advantage of Bholes^in our contract to further their own interests. • This buyer sometimes uses unexpected events to extract concessions from our firm.</p><p>.92 .88 .88</p><p>Contractual governance <ref type="bibr" coords="16,51.02,167.19,83.18,7.44;16,51.02,177.17,32.89,7.44">(Lusch and Brown 1996) CR = .94;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,86.10,177.17,35.58,7.44">AVE = .76</ref> In dealing with this supplier, to what degree do you rely on the written contracts (as opposed the shared understanding) to specify: • The role of each party.</p><p>• The responsibility of each party.</p><p>• How each party is to perform.</p><p>• What will happen in the case of events occurring unplanned.</p><p>• How disagreement will be resolved. Government support <ref type="bibr" coords="16,51.00,284.98,53.31,7.44" target="#b4">(Cai et al. 2010;</ref> Atuahene-Gima 2001) CR = .97; AVE = .91.</p><p>In the last 3 years, government and its agencies have:</p><p>• Implemented policies and programs that have been beneficial to your firm's operations.</p><p>• Provided needed information and support to your firm.</p><p>• Played a significant role in providing financial support for your firm.</p><p>• Helped your firm to obtain needed resources. • It is difficult to measure the collective performance of this buyer.</p><p>• Evaluating the performance of this buyer requires extensive incoming inspection.</p><p>• It is difficult to evaluate if this buyer follows our recommended operating procedures.</p><p>.89 .59 .92 CR = composite reliability; AVE = average variance extracted.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="10,173.09,596.94,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,559.35,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,524.43,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,489.44,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,454.52,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,416.93,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,382.01,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,347.09,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,309.50,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,274.57,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,270.43,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,237.21,7.44,8.15;10,173.09,203.53,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,199.39,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,168.61,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,164.47,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,139.30,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,135.16,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,101.71,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,97.57,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,64.12,7.44,4.23;10,173.09,59.98,7.44,4.23;10,193.56,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,193.56,649.99,7.44,43.37;10,206.31,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,206.31,674.69,7.44,18.67;10,206.31,630.24,7.44,42.25;10,206.31,575.73,7.44,25.45;10,219.02,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,219.02,654.08,7.44,39.28;10,219.02,613.29,7.44,38.62;10,219.02,575.71,7.44,25.46;10,219.02,549.02,7.44,14.54;10,231.72,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,231.72,655.29,7.44,38.06;10,231.72,615.29,7.44,37.82;10,231.72,575.76,7.44,25.42;10,231.72,540.87,7.44,22.75;10,231.72,507.40,7.44,21.32;10,244.42,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,244.42,659.84,7.44,33.51;10,244.42,619.80,7.44,37.85;10,244.42,575.72,7.44,25.45;10,244.42,544.90,7.44,18.67;10,244.42,509.99,7.44,18.67;10,244.42,470.89,7.44,22.81;10,257.12,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,257.12,652.23,7.44,41.12;10,257.12,625.45,7.44,24.59;10,257.12,575.73,7.44,25.48;10,257.12,540.82,7.44,22.75;10,257.12,510.29,7.44,18.39;10,257.12,470.90,7.44,22.81;10,257.12,436.00,7.44,22.75;10,269.83,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,269.83,677.69,7.44,15.66;10,269.83,586.64,7.44,14.53;10,269.83,549.07,7.44,14.53;10,269.83,511.54,7.44,17.16;10,269.83,470.91,7.44,22.80;10,269.83,444.30,7.44,14.47;10,269.83,398.40,7.44,22.80;10,282.53,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,282.53,651.66,7.44,41.70;10,282.53,616.21,7.44,33.24;10,282.53,578.36,7.44,22.80;10,282.53,549.03,7.44,14.58;10,282.53,514.12,7.44,14.53;10,282.53,470.88,7.44,22.81;10,282.53,441.57,7.44,17.17;10,282.53,404.00,7.44,17.14;10,282.53,363.48,7.44,22.75;10,295.23,709.64,7.44,4.23;10,295.23,677.43,7.44,15.93;10,295.23,662.55,7.44,12.66;10,295.23,583.98,7.44,17.19;10,295.23,549.03,7.44,14.52;10,295.23,514.13,7.44,14.52;10,295.23,479.18,7.44,14.52;10,295.23,440.14,7.44,18.61;10,295.23,406.66,7.44,14.52;10,295.23,369.07,7.44,17.16;10,295.23,334.16,7.44,17.15;10,307.93,705.50,7.44,8.37;10,307.93,657.28,7.44,36.08;10,307.93,583.99,7.44,17.20;10,307.93,540.81,7.44,22.75;10,307.93,505.85,7.44,22.81;10,307.93,479.16,7.44,14.52;10,307.93,444.26,7.44,14.47;10,307.93,402.73,7.44,18.44;10,307.93,371.69,7.44,14.52;10,307.93,334.14,7.44,17.18;10,307.93,299.19,7.44,14.52;10,320.63,705.79,7.44,8.09;10,320.63,674.27,7.44,19.09;10,320.63,639.33,7.44,32.73;10,320.63,578.35,7.44,22.81;10,320.63,546.42,7.44,17.17;10,320.63,511.46,7.44,17.20;10,320.63,476.47,7.44,17.17;10,320.63,433.29,7.44,25.42;10,320.63,403.97,7.44,17.17;10,320.63,371.67,7.44,14.53;10,320.63,328.49,7.44,22.81;10,320.63,299.19,7.44,14.53;10,320.63,261.65,7.44,17.17;10,333.34,705.50,7.44,8.38;10,333.34,660.91,7.44,32.44;10,333.34,631.48,7.44,27.28;10,333.34,584.04,7.44,17.21;10,333.34,546.44,7.44,17.17;10,333.34,511.47,7.44,17.21;10,333.34,472.63,7.44,21.03;10,333.34,436.02,7.44,22.75;10,333.34,406.67,7.44,14.53;10,333.34,363.50,7.44,22.75;10,333.34,330.05,7.44,21.30;10,333.34,291.02,7.44,22.75;10,333.34,257.54,7.44,21.33;10,333.34,228.23,7.44,17.16;10,346.04,705.50,7.44,8.37;10,346.04,655.10,7.44,38.25;10,346.04,640.27,7.44,12.61;10,346.04,575.74,7.44,25.48;10,346.04,540.84,7.44,22.75;10,346.04,505.87,7.44,22.81;10,346.04,479.19,7.44,14.53;10,346.04,435.99,7.44,22.77;10,346.04,398.37,7.44,22.81;10,346.04,371.69,7.44,14.53;10,346.04,325.87,7.44,25.44;10,346.04,290.97,7.44,22.75;10,346.04,264.29,7.44,14.53;10,346.04,219.92,7.44,25.47;10,346.04,185.02,7.44,22.75;10,358.74,705.50,7.44,8.38;10,358.74,626.87,7.44,66.47;10,358.74,586.62,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,546.41,7.44,17.18;10,358.74,514.11,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,476.53,7.44,17.15;10,358.74,444.26,7.44,14.51;10,358.74,406.63,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,371.66,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,336.75,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,296.54,7.44,17.18;10,358.74,260.38,7.44,18.40;10,358.74,230.80,7.44,14.54;10,358.74,190.65,7.44,17.12;10,358.74,155.68,7.44,17.21;10,371.44,705.50,7.44,8.38;10,371.44,627.47,7.44,65.88;10,371.44,584.01,7.44,17.18;10,371.44,549.05,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,514.15,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,479.19,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,441.62,7.44,17.15;10,371.44,406.68,7.44,14.51;10,371.44,363.51,7.44,22.75;10,371.44,334.19,7.44,17.16;10,371.44,299.24,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,261.67,7.44,17.20;10,371.44,228.22,7.44,17.16;10,371.44,193.26,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,158.36,7.44,14.53;10,371.44,118.13,7.44,25.47;10,384.15,705.50,7.44,8.37;10,384.15,632.65,7.44,60.71;10,384.15,584.06,7.44,17.20;10,384.15,549.10,7.44,14.53;10,384.15,511.57,7.44,17.16;10,384.15,475.36,7.44,18.38;10,384.15,444.32,7.44,14.47;10,384.15,406.70,7.44,14.53;10,384.15,369.14,7.44,17.11;10,384.15,336.83,7.44,14.54;10,384.15,296.59,7.44,17.21;10,384.15,264.28,7.44,14.54;10,384.15,228.22,7.44,17.17;10,384.15,193.25,7.44,14.54;10,384.15,158.35,7.44,14.54;10,384.15,118.10,7.44,25.49;10,384.15,80.49,7.44,25.46;10,396.85,674.52,7.44,18.84;10,396.85,586.63,7.44,14.57;10,396.85,545.19,7.44,18.41;10,396.85,514.12,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,479.21,7.44,14.49;10,396.85,444.29,7.44,14.49;10,396.85,406.71,7.44,14.49;10,396.85,371.73,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,336.81,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,299.22,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,264.30,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,230.85,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,193.27,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,158.34,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,129.03,7.44,14.55;10,396.85,91.51,7.44,14.49;10,396.85,53.93,7.44,14.49;10,409.55,664.21,7.44,29.15;10,409.55,629.80,7.44,32.25;10,409.55,586.65,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,549.06,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,514.14,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,479.22,7.44,14.50;10,409.55,444.30,7.44,14.49;10,409.55,406.71,7.44,14.50;10,409.55,371.73,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,336.81,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,299.22,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,264.29,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,230.84,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,193.25,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,158.33,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,129.01,7.44,14.56;10,409.55,91.49,7.44,14.49;10,409.55,53.90,7.44,14.50;10,439.82,705.51,7.44,8.37;10,439.82,699.11,7.44,4.23;10,439.82,691.30,7.44,5.64;10,439.82,676.67,7.44,12.39;10,439.82,670.25,7.44,4.23;10,439.82,663.85,7.44,4.23;10,439.82,656.04,7.44,5.64;10,439.82,641.41,7.44,12.39"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>p &lt; .01. * p &lt; .05.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="15,506.65,608.60,10.42,7.44;15,506.65,618.57,10.42,7.44;15,506.65,628.55,10.42,7.44;15,506.65,638.53,10.42,7.44;15,51.01,667.66,70.55,8.47;15,121.49,666.49,3.18,4.96;15,124.55,668.42,230.30,8.24;15,51.02,681.12,43.37,7.44;15,51.02,691.09,68.09,7.44;15,51.02,701.02,72.78,7.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>. Overall Model: χ 2 (272) = 1036.38, p &lt; 0.01; CFI = 0.94; RMSEA = 0.08; SRMR = 0.08 Opportunism<ref type="bibr" coords="15,51.02,691.09,64.24,7.44" target="#b63">(Rokkan et al. 2003</ref>) CR = .96; AVE = .80.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,69.75,53.78,461.70,660.25"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Summary of selected studies of institutions in buyer-supplier exchanges AMJ = Academy of Management Journal; JIBS = Journal of International Business Studies; JM = Journal of Marketing; JOM = Journal of Operations Management.</figDesc><table coords="4,88.68,53.78,413.88,660.25">Reference 

Sample 

Independent variable 

Dependent variable 

Role of institutions 

Key findings 

Bai et al. 
(2016) 

JOM 
436 buyer-supplier 
dyads 

Output-based 'contract, 
behavior-based contract 

Conflict 
Legal enforceability and unilateral 
government support moderate the effect 

of contract on conflict. 
The interaction between legal enforceability and contract attenuates 
conflict, while the interaction between unilateral government 
support and contract increases conflict. 

Cai et al. 
(2010) 

JOM 
398 manufacturing 
firms 
Legal protection, government 
support, guanxi importance 

Information sharing and 
collaborative planning 

between buyer and 
supplier 
The institutional factors are antecedents of 
trust, information sharing and 
collaborative planning. 
Trust partially mediates the effects of government support and guanxi 
importance on information integration. 

Dong et al. 
(2016) 

JOM 
141 buyer-supplier 
dyads 

Sub-national institutional 
distance 

Supply chain performance 
Institutional distance is antecedent of role 
hazards (role ambiguity and conflict), 
which in turn jeopardize channel 
performance. 
Subnational institutional distance is positively related to role hazards, 

and these positive relationships are moderated by information 
sharing and dynamic adaptation. 

Lanzolla 
and 
Frankor-

t (2016) 
AMJ 
438 requests for 
quotation 
submitted by 34 
buyers to 301 
sellers 
(online B2B 
marketplace) 
Local institutional quality and 
legal status of the seller and 
that of the seller relative the 
buyer 

Request for quotation 
Sellers' local institutional quality and legal 
status influence the likelihood that a 
buyer contacts that seller. 
Both sellers' local institutional quality and their legal statuses affect a 
buyer's likelihood of contacting a seller. A buyer is also more likely 

to contact sellers with higher local institutional quality relative to the 
buyer. 

Sheng 
et al. 
(2011) 

JM 
241 manufacturing 
firms 
Business ties and political ties 

Firm performance 
Enforcement inefficiency and government 
support moderate the effect of business 

ties and political ties on firm 
performance. 
Business ties are more beneficial when legal enforcement is inefficient. 
Political ties lead to greater performance when general government 
support is weak. 

Shou et al. 
(2016) 

JOM 
187 distributors 

Information transparency and 

legal enforceability 

Efforts to seek business and 
political ties 
Institutional factors are antecedents of 
contract ineffectiveness. 
Institutions determine how effectively a firm designs and enforces a 
contract, which in turn prompts a firm to seek social ties. 

Wang et al. 
(2016a) 

JOM 
323 buyer-supplier 
dyads 
Knowledge commonality and 

goal compatibility between 
the buyer and supplier 

Product co-development 
Institutional factors moderate the link 
between mutual learning and product 
co-development. 
Government intervention weakens, whereas guanxi importance 
strengthens the positive effect of mutual learning on product 
co-development. 

Wang et al. 
(2016b) 

JOM 
293 buyer-supplier 
dyads 

Contract and trust 

Supplier opportunism 
Regulatory uncertainty and ownership 
structure moderate the effects of 
contracts and trust on supplier 
opportunism. 
Contracts are more effective in deterring supplier opportunism when 
regulatory uncertainty is high. Contracts help curtail opportunism 

more in domestic, compared with international relationships, 
whereas trust is more effective in restricting supplier opportunism in 
international relationships. 

Yang et al. 
(2012) 

JM 

205 export 
manufacturing 

firms 

Institutional distance in 

3 dimensions: regulatory, 
normative, and 
cultural-cognitive 
Channel performance: 
strategic performance; 
selling performance; 
economic performance 
Institutional distance determines legitimacy 
pressures for acceptable business practice 

and market ambiguity in foreign 
environment. 
Firms can use contract and relational governance to deal with 
legitimacy and efficiency issues caused by institutional distance and 
safeguard channel performance. 

Zhang 
et al. 
(2003) 

JIBS 
142 exporting 
manufacturers 
Cultural distance 
Hostility of legal and institutional 
environment 

Manufacturer's 
competitiveness in the 

export market 
Hostility of the legal and institutional 
environment 
determines the 

manufacturer's dependence on foreign 
distributors. 
Hostility of the legal and institutional environment increases 
manufacturer's relative dependence on foreign distributors, which 

reduces the use of relational norms. 

Zhou and 
Poppo 
(2010) 

JIBS 
399 buyer-supplier 
exchanges 
Exchange hazards, including 
asset specificity, 
environmental uncertainty, 

and behavioral uncertainty 

Explicit contracts and 
relational reliability 
Legal enforceability moderates the 
relationship between exchange hazards 

and governance mechanisms. 
When legal system is effective, firms use explicit contracts rather than 
relational reliability to safeguard transaction hazards. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="10,154.17,556.67,7.54,157.21"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics and correlations</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="12,51.02,58.13,493.16,493.87"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Standardized path estimates of the mediating effects</figDesc><table coords="12,51.02,77.06,493.16,474.94">Direct effect model 
Mediating effect model 

Opportunism 
Contractual governance 
Relational governance 
Opportunism 

Institutional Factors 

Legal effectiveness 
-0.08 † 
(0.02) 

0.24** 
(0.02) 

0.14** 
(0.02) 

-0.02 
(0.02) 
Networking expenditure 
-0.19** 
(0.69) 

-0.12* 
(0.70) 

0.13* 
(0.64) 

-0.18** 
(0.68) 
Mediators 

Contractual Governance 
-0.14** 
(0.06) 
Relational Governance 
-0.27** 
(0.08) 
Controls 

TSA 
0.04 
(0.04) 

0.05 
(0.04) 
Performance ambiguity 
0.22** 
(0.04) 

0.24** 
(0.04) 
Firm size 
0.05 
(0.10) 

0.09 † 
(0.10) 

Ownership 
0.02 
(0.11) 

0.01 
(0.11) 
Order frequency 
0.01 
(0.05) 

-0.03* 
(0.05) 
Exchange duration 
0.05 
(0.02) 

0.04 
(0.02) 

Transaction size 
-0.25** 
(0.08) 

-0.24** 
(0.07) 

Industry_electronics 
0.00 
(0.14) 

0.011 
(0.13) 
Industry_mechanics 
-0.02 
(0.14) 

-0.01 
(0.135) 
Industry_chemical 
-0.02 
(0.14) 

0.00 
(0.13) 
λ 2 
408.31 
1512.81 
df 
128 
534 
CFI 
0.92 
0.90 

RMSEA 
0.07 
0.07 

SRMR 
0.07 
0.07 

 † p &lt; 0.10; * p &lt; .05; ** p &lt; .01. Standard errors are in the parentheses. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="12,51.02,571.20,493.25,144.41"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="12,51.02,571.30,493.25,144.31">Isolated mediating 
effects 
Indirect path 
Unstandardized path 
coefficient 

Isolated mediating effect 

(a x b) 

Sobel z-test p value 

a 
b 

H1a LE → CG → O 
0.12 
-0.15 
-0.02 
-2.33 
0.02 

H1b LE → RG → O 
0.06 
-0.35 
-0.02 
-2.24 
0.03 
H2a NE → CG → O -1.72 
-0.15 
0.26 
1.80 
0.07 
H2b NE → RG → O 1.49 
-0.35 
-0.52 
-2.07 
0.04 

LE = legal effectiveness; NE = networking expenditure; CG = contractual governance; RG = relational gover-
nance; O = opportunism; a denotes the path coefficient from the institutional factor to the mediator, and b denotes 
the path coefficient from the mediator to opportunism. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="13,51.02,601.19,493.31,114.41"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Standardized path estimates of the moderating effects * p &lt; .05. ** p &lt; .01; Standard errors are in the parentheses; Δλ 2 represents the difference in λ 2 between the free model and the constrained model for the path being tested with 1 degree of freedom.</figDesc><table coords="13,346.51,609.17,73.81,7.44">Government support 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="15,51.02,444.15,484.96,79.54"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Survey measures Construct and sources Description Factor loadings A. Three First-Order Factors of Relational Governance: χ 2 (46) = 170.60, p &lt; 0.01; CFI = 0.96; RMSEA = 0.08; SRMR = 0.04 Flexibility CR = .87; AVE = .64</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="16,51.02,58.23,484.96,36.18"><head>Table 6 (continued)</head><label>6</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="16,51.02,77.00,172.97,7.44">Construct and sources 
Description 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="16,51.01,177.17,466.06,92.92"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Heide and John 1992) CR = .78; AVE = .56.Second-order factor with 3 first-order indicators:• Flexibility • Information sharing • Solidarity</figDesc><table coords="16,51.01,177.17,466.06,92.63">.81 
.91 
.93 
.87 
.87 
Relational governance 
(.62 
.83 
.71 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="16,50.96,287.76,466.11,142.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Cannon and Perreault Jr. 1999; Jap and Ganesan 2000) CR = .95; AVE = .78. Please indicate the extent to which your firm has made investments or changes specifically to accommodate this buyer (1 = Bnot at all^; 7 = Bhigh degree^): • Product features. • Personnel. • Inventory and distribution. • Marketing activity. • Capital equipment and tools. CR = .84; AVE = .65.</figDesc><table coords="16,50.97,287.76,466.10,132.46">.92 
.95 
.96 
.98 
TSAs 
(.86 
.90 
.89 
.86 
.92 
Performance ambiguity 
(Heide 2003) 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">The WorldBank's Doing Business Survey ( 2008)  investigates the effectiveness of legal enforcement in the capital cities of 26 provinces and 4 centrally administered municipalities in China. The average number of procedural steps required to investigate a commercial dispute is the same (31 steps) for all 30 cities, because these steps follow a national, standardized, written code. However, the efficiency of the courts varies significantly across cities: The average number of days to solve a commercial dispute ranges from 112 (Nanjing) to 540 days (Changchun), with a mean of 319.07 and a standard deviation of 89.33. Average court and attorney fees, expressed as a percentage of the claim value, swing from 9.00% (Shanghai) to 41.80% (Hefei), with a mean of 21.78% and a standard deviation of 9.04%.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" />
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Appendix 1</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.14,85.67,238.16,7.44;15,323.10,95.65,221.17,7.44;15,323.10,105.62,140.50,7.44" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managerial social capital, strategic orientation, and organizational performance in an emerging economy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Acquaah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1235" to="1255" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.15,116.39,238.15,7.44;15,323.10,126.43,221.14,7.44;15,323.10,136.40,10.39,7.44" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the evaluation of structural equation models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bagozzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Yi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="74" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.15,147.17,238.09,7.44;15,323.10,157.15,221.16,7.44;15,323.10,167.19,131.16,7.44" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contract governance and buyersupplier conflict: The moderating role of institutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Bai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.16,177.96,238.15,7.44;15,323.11,187.93,221.16,7.44;15,323.11,197.97,132.51,7.44" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managing marketing channel opportunism: The efficacy of alternative governance mechanisms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Dev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.17,208.74,238.17,7.44;15,323.12,218.71,221.24,7.44;15,323.12,228.69,175.92,7.44" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implementing supply chain information integration in China: the role of institutional forces and trust</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="268" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.18,239.52,238.08,7.44;15,323.13,249.50,221.24,7.44;15,323.13,259.47,31.03,7.44" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Buyer-seller relationships in business markets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Cannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Perreault</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="460" />
			<date type="published" when="1999-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.18,270.24,238.18,7.44;15,323.13,280.28,221.22,7.44;15,323.13,290.25,215.40,7.44" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Revisiting the interplay between contractual and relational governance: a qualitative and meta-analytic investigation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Cao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Lumineau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.18,301.02,238.07,7.44;15,323.14,311.06,221.15,7.44;15,323.14,321.04,221.13,7.44;15,323.14,331.01,111.86,7.44" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A metaanalysis of the exchange hazardsintefirm governance relationship: an infomal institutions perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Cao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jayaram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Lumineau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="303" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.19,341.78,238.12,7.44;15,323.15,351.82,221.16,7.44;15,323.15,361.79,166.39,7.44" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding institutional designs within marketing value systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Carson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Devinney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dowling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="130" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Special Issue</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.19,372.56,238.10,7.44;15,323.15,382.54,221.21,7.44;15,323.15,392.57,221.17,7.44;15,323.15,402.55,39.30,7.44" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Uncertainty, opportunism, and governance: The effects of volatility and ambiguity on formal and relational contracting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Carson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Madhok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1058" to="1077" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.02,480.93,238.17,7.44;16,67.98,490.97,221.13,7.44;16,67.98,500.94,195.78,7.44" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does subnational region matter? Foreign affiliate performance in the United States and China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Makino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Isobe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1226" to="1243" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,511.94,238.11,7.44;16,67.99,521.92,167.58,7.44" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutional barriers and industry dynamics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1103" to="1123" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,532.92,238.06,7.44;16,67.99,542.89,203.43,7.44" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">China</forename><surname>Daily</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://usa.chinadaily.com.cn/epaper/2015-11/10/content_22420590.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015-01-26" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Retrieved</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.03,553.90,238.17,7.44;16,67.99,563.87,221.16,7.44;16,67.99,573.85,179.83,7.44" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The iron cage revisited: institutional isomorphism and collective rationality in organizational fields</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dimaggio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="160" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.04,584.85,238.05,7.44;16,67.99,594.82,221.27,7.44;16,67.99,604.86,117.61,7.44" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Role hazard between supply chain partners in an institutionally fragmented market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ju</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.05,615.86,238.08,7.44;16,68.00,625.83,221.13,7.44;16,68.00,635.81,172.81,7.44" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural equation models with unobservable variables and measurement error: Algebra and statistics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Fornell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Larcker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of marketing research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="382" to="388" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.07,646.81,238.07,7.44;16,68.02,656.78,221.27,7.44;16,68.02,666.76,35.33,7.44" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The unreluctant litigant? An empirical analysis of Japan&apos;s turn to litigation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Ginsburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Hoetker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Legal Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,51.07,677.76,238.07,7.44;16,68.02,687.73,221.11,7.44;16,68.02,697.77,221.11,7.44;16,68.02,707.75,29.73,7.44" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Commitment, coercion and markets: the nature and dynamics of institutions supporting exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Greif</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of New Institutional Economics</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Berlin Heidelberg</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="727" to="786" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,480.92,238.11,7.44;16,323.14,490.95,221.13,7.44;16,323.14,500.93,98.43,7.44" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural and institutional bifurcation: China and Europe compared</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Greif</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Tabellini</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review: Papers &amp; Proceedings</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="10" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.19,511.87,238.17,7.44;16,323.14,521.84,221.18,7.44" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of the institutional environment in marketing channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Dharwadkar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="82" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,532.78,238.08,7.44;16,323.15,542.76,221.25,7.44;16,323.15,552.73,44.75,7.44" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When does guanxi matter? Issues of capitalization and its dark sides</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Gu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Tse</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,563.68,238.10,7.44;16,323.15,573.65,221.23,7.44;16,323.15,583.63,213.80,7.44" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of culture on the relationship between governance and opportunism in outsourcing relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Handley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Angst</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1412" to="1434" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,594.57,238.16,7.44;16,323.15,604.54,158.19,7.44" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interorganizational governance in marketing channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="1994-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,615.48,238.23,7.44;16,323.15,625.46,83.13,7.44" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Plural governance in industrial purchasing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="18" to="29" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,636.40,238.06,7.44;16,323.16,646.44,155.19,7.44" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do norms matter in marketing relationships?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="32" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="1992-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.20,657.32,238.09,7.44;16,323.16,667.35,221.15,7.44;16,323.16,677.33,100.36,7.44" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interfirm monitoring, social contracts, and relationship outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wathne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Rokkan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="425" to="433" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.22,688.26,237.99,7.49;16,323.09,698.29,221.10,7.44;16,323.09,708.27,172.13,7.44" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Choice and performance of governance mechanisms: matching alliance governance to asset type</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Hoetker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mellewigt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1025" to="1044" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,58.23,238.08,7.44;17,67.98,68.27,221.07,7.44;17,67.98,78.24,31.03,7.44" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategy in emerging economies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hoskisson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Eden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="267" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,88.67,238.17,7.44;17,67.98,98.71,221.16,7.44;17,67.98,108.68,162.67,7.44" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cutoff criteria for fit indexes in covariance structure analysis: Conventional criteria versus new alternatives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equations Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.03,119.17,238.08,7.44;17,67.99,129.14,221.11,7.44;17,67.99,139.12,153.04,7.44" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family, face, and favours: do Australians adjust to accepted business conventions in China?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hutchings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Singapore Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="49" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,149.60,238.07,7.44;17,67.99,159.58,221.27,7.44;17,67.99,169.55,94.63,7.44" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Safeguarding interorganizational performance and continuity under ex post opportunism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1684" to="1701" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,180.04,238.11,7.44;17,67.99,190.01,221.09,7.44;17,67.99,200.05,221.17,7.44;17,67.99,210.02,31.03,7.44" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Control mechanisms and the relationship life cycle: Implications for safeguarding specific investments and developing commitment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of marketing research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,220.46,238.15,7.44;17,67.99,230.49,221.24,7.44;17,67.99,240.47,198.72,7.44" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are collective political actions and private political actions substitutes or complements? Empirical evidence from China&apos;s private sector</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Jia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="292" to="315" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,250.95,238.08,7.44;17,67.99,260.93,221.13,7.44;17,67.99,270.90,221.17,7.44;17,67.99,280.88,31.03,7.44" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding and resolving major contractual breaches in buyer-seller relationships: a grounded theory approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Sohi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="205" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,291.36,238.10,7.44;17,67.99,301.34,221.17,7.44;17,67.99,311.37,31.03,7.44" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Courts and relational contracts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mcmillan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Woodruff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economics, and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="277" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Law</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,321.80,238.16,7.44;17,67.99,331.84,221.16,7.44;17,67.99,341.81,120.79,7.44" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="https://www.wsj.com/articles/chinas-workers-are-fighting-back-as-economic-dream-fades-1450145329" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wall Street Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015-01-26" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Retrieved</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,352.30,238.18,7.44;17,67.99,362.27,187.94,7.44" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why hold-ups occur: the self-enforcing range of contractual relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic inquiry</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="444" to="463" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,372.71,238.13,7.44;17,67.99,382.74,197.08,7.44" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Multilevel Theory, Research, and Methods in Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W J</forename><surname>Kozlowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Jossey-Bass</publisher>
			<pubPlace>San Francisco</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,393.17,238.20,7.44;17,67.99,403.21,221.15,7.44;17,67.99,413.18,169.17,7.44" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The online shadow of offline signals: Which sellers get contacted in online B2B marketplaces?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lanzolla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T W</forename><surname>Frankort</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
			<publisher>Academy of Management Journal</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="207" to="231" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,423.67,238.09,7.44;17,67.99,433.64,221.16,7.44;17,67.99,443.62,135.90,7.44" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product innovation strategy and the performance of new technology ventures in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Atuahene-Gima</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1123" to="1134" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,454.10,238.09,7.44;17,68.00,464.08,221.15,7.44;17,68.00,474.05,206.93,7.44" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do managerial ties in China always produce value? Competition, uncertainty, and domestic vs. foreign firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="383" to="400" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.06,484.54,238.14,7.44;17,68.01,494.51,221.16,7.44;17,68.01,504.49,183.56,7.44" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Anti-corruption reforms and shareholder valuations: Event study evidence from China (No. w22001)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Morck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Yeung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">National Bureau of Economic Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.06,514.97,238.10,7.44;17,68.01,524.95,221.14,7.44;17,68.01,534.98,10.39,7.44" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are joint venture partners more opportunistic in a more volatile environment?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.06,545.41,238.18,7.44;17,68.01,555.45,221.21,7.44;17,68.01,565.43,44.71,7.53" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interdependency, contracting, and relational behavior in marketing channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Lusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.02,576.00,238.18,7.44;17,67.97,585.98,156.09,7.44" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Supply chain contagion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Mcfarland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bloodgood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Payan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.03,596.46,238.19,7.44;17,67.98,606.43,221.17,7.44;17,67.98,616.41,184.45,7.44" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foreign investment strategies and sub-national institutions in emerging markets: Evidence from Vietnam</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Meyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Nguyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of management studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.04,626.89,238.08,7.44;17,67.99,636.87,221.19,7.44;17,67.99,646.85,152.92,7.44" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of institutions in the revival of trade: The law merchant, private judges, and the champagne fairs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Milgrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economics &amp; Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,657.33,238.19,7.44;17,68.00,667.30,197.54,7.44" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The commitment-trust theory of relationship marketing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Hunt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,677.79,238.14,7.44;17,68.01,687.76,182.55,7.44" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions, Institutional Change and Economic Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,51.05,698.25,238.13,7.44;17,68.00,708.22,125.23,7.44" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Understanding the Process of Economic Change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>North</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,58.19,238.19,7.44;17,323.12,68.22,134.25,7.44" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic responses to institutional processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Oliver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="179" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,79.10,238.19,7.44;17,323.12,89.08,221.15,7.44;17,323.12,99.11,213.97,7.44" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A comparative longitudinal analysis of theoretical perspectives of interorganizational relationship performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Dant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Grewal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="172" to="194" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,110.00,238.09,7.44;17,323.13,120.03,166.62,7.44" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutional transitions and strategic choices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Peng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="275" to="296" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,130.91,238.13,7.44;17,323.13,140.95,221.14,7.44;17,323.13,150.92,193.55,7.44" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An institution-based view of international business strategy: A focus on emerging economies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Peng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Jiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="920" to="936" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,161.86,238.15,7.44;17,323.13,171.84,173.08,7.44" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Law and finance in transition economies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Pistor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Raiser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gelfer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economics of Transition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="368" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,182.78,238.19,7.44;17,323.13,192.75,221.22,7.44;17,323.13,202.73,154.62,7.44" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Partnership in a dynamic production system with unobservable actions and noncontractible output</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Plambeck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1509" to="1527" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.18,213.67,238.18,7.44;17,323.14,223.65,221.18,7.44;17,323.14,233.62,128.18,7.44" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do formal contracts and relational governance function as substitutes or complements?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Zenger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="707" to="725" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.19,244.56,238.09,7.44;17,323.15,254.54,221.16,7.44;17,323.15,264.51,207.51,7.44" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alternative origins to interorganizational trust: An interdependence perspective on the shadow of the past and the shadow of the future</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ryu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.19,274.71,238.13,8.47;17,323.15,285.43,221.12,7.44;17,323.15,295.47,159.82,7.44" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When can you trust Btrust^? Calculative trust, relational trust, and supplier performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="724" to="741" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.20,306.35,238.18,7.44;17,323.16,316.38,221.15,7.44;17,323.16,326.36,193.04,7.52" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asymptotic and resampling strategies for assessing and comparing indirect effects in multiple mediator models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="891" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.14,337.39,238.19,7.44;17,323.09,347.36,221.15,7.44;17,323.09,357.34,87.60,7.44" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The market valuation of outsourcing new product development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Raassens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wuyts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="682" to="695" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,368.28,238.06,7.44;17,323.10,378.25,221.27,7.44;17,323.10,388.23,82.94,7.44" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic alliance contracts: Dimensions and determinants of contractual complexity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Reuer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ariño</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="313" to="330" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,399.17,238.21,7.44;17,323.10,409.15,221.14,7.44;17,323.10,419.12,10.39,7.44" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transaction cost analysis: Past, present, and future applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rindfleisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,430.06,238.05,7.44;17,323.10,440.04,221.07,7.44;17,323.10,450.07,160.33,7.44" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Specific investments in marketing relationships: Expropriation and bonding effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Rokkan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wathne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="210" to="224" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,460.95,238.10,7.44;17,323.11,470.99,60.66,7.44" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions and Organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,481.87,238.13,7.44;17,323.10,491.91,116.78,7.44" xml:id="b65">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Institutions and Organizations: Ideas and Interests</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.15,502.79,238.15,7.44;17,323.10,512.82,221.27,7.44;17,323.10,522.80,78.99,7.44" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of business and political ties on firm performance: Evidence from China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,533.68,238.06,7.44;17,323.11,543.71,221.12,7.44;17,323.11,553.69,91.35,7.44" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of emerging markets on marketing: Rethinking existing perspectives and practices</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Sheth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="166" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.16,564.63,238.04,7.44;17,323.11,574.61,221.27,7.44;17,323.11,584.58,121.74,7.44" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contract ineffectiveness in emerging markets: An institutional theory perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Shou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Zheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,595.52,238.13,7.44;17,323.12,605.50,207.66,7.44" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Managing legitimacy: Strategic and institutional approaches</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Suchman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="571" to="610" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,616.44,238.11,7.44;17,323.12,626.41,221.10,7.44;17,323.12,636.39,133.92,7.44" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sino-western business negotiations revisited: 30 years after China&apos;s open door policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Tung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Worm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Dynamics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,647.33,238.09,7.44;17,323.12,657.31,221.17,7.44;17,323.12,667.34,44.75,7.44" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social structure and competition in inter-firm networks: The paradox of embeddedness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Uzzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="17,306.17,678.22,238.03,7.44;17,323.12,688.20,221.16,7.44;17,323.12,698.23,221.18,7.44;17,323.12,708.21,22.75,7.44" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product co-development in an emerging market: The role of buyer-supplier compatibility and institutional environment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="69" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,58.23,238.27,7.44;18,67.98,68.27,221.10,7.44;18,67.98,78.24,184.27,7.44" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Governing local supplier opportunism in China: Moderating role of institutional forces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="84" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,88.22,238.19,7.44;18,67.98,98.19,221.17,7.44;18,67.98,108.23,22.75,7.44" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Opportunism in interfirm relationships: Forms, outcomes, and solutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wathne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,118.20,238.12,7.44;18,67.98,128.18,71.56,7.44" xml:id="b75">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Economic Institutions of Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williamson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>The Free Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,138.15,238.07,7.44;18,67.98,148.19,81.89,7.44" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Mechanisms of Governance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williamson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,158.16,238.13,7.44;18,67.98,168.14,109.49,7.44" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Doing Business in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">World</forename><surname>Bank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<publisher>Beijing: Social Science Academic Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>China</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.02,178.12,238.07,7.44;18,67.99,188.15,221.19,7.44;18,67.99,198.13,127.52,7.44" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The formation of buyer-supplier relationships: detailed contract drafting and close partner selection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wuyts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="117" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.03,208.10,238.08,7.44;18,67.99,218.08,221.08,7.44;18,67.99,228.11,61.29,7.44" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Guanxi: Connections as substitutes for formal institutional support</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Xin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pearce</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1641" to="1658" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.03,238.09,238.16,7.44;18,67.99,248.06,221.12,7.44;18,67.99,258.04,221.10,7.44;18,67.99,268.07,44.75,7.44" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dealing with institutional distances in international marketing channels: Governance strategies that engender legitimacy and efficiency</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Su</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,51.03,278.05,238.08,7.44;18,67.99,288.02,221.03,7.44;18,323.10,58.19,221.13,7.44;18,323.10,68.22,157.15,7.44" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Manufacturer governance of foreign distributor relationships: Do relational norms enhance competitiveness in the export market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cavusgil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Roach</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="550" to="566" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.15,79.16,238.18,7.44;18,323.11,89.20,221.11,7.44;18,323.11,99.17,143.38,7.44" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reconsidering Baron and Kenny: myths and truths about mediation analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lynch</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Consumer Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="206" />
			<date type="published" when="2010-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.15,110.17,238.10,7.44;18,323.11,120.15,221.17,7.44;18,323.11,130.13,193.55,7.44" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exchange hazards, relational reliability, and contracts in China: The contingent role of legal enforceability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="861" to="881" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.15,141.13,238.12,7.44;18,323.11,151.10,221.24,7.44;18,323.11,161.14,221.21,7.44;18,323.11,171.11,53.12,7.44" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How foreign firms curtail local supplier opportunism in China: Detailed contracts, centralized control, and relational governance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="677" to="692" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.15,182.11,238.11,7.44;18,323.11,192.09,221.16,7.44;18,323.11,202.06,221.14,7.44;18,323.11,212.04,10.39,7.44" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are relational ties always good for knowledge acquisition? Buyer-supplier exchanges in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Xie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Bao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Operations Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.15,223.04,238.12,7.44;18,323.11,233.01,221.21,7.44;18,323.11,243.05,178.08,7.44" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">State ownership and product innovation in China: An integrated view of efficiency and legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Gao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="375" to="404" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="18,306.16,254.05,238.16,7.44;18,323.12,264.02,221.11,7.44;18,323.12,274.00,125.63,7.44" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beyond survival: Achieving new venture growth by building legitimacy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Zimmerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Zeitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="414" to="431" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
