<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">(electronic) Product Development Team Stability and New Product Advantage: The Role of Decision-Making Processes</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2011-01">January 2011</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Slotegraaf</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kwaku</forename><surname>Atuahene-Gima</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">(electronic) Product Development Team Stability and New Product Advantage: The Role of Decision-Making Processes</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Marketing</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="96" to="108"/>
							<date type="published" when="2011-01">January 2011</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>96 Rebecca J. Slotegraaf is Associate Professor of Marketing and Whirlpool Faculty Fellow, Kelley School of Business, Indiana University (e-mail: rslotegr@indiana.edu). Kwaku Atuahene-Gima is Professor of Marketing and Innovation Management, China Europe International Business School (e-mail: kwaku@ceibs.edu). The authors thank Jason Colquitt; Luigi De Luca; Xueming Luo; Mitzi Montoya; Chris Moorman; and seminar participants at Indiana University, North Carolina State University, and the Product and Development Management Association for their valuable comments. The authors also thank Ma Yuan and Kirsty Weiping for assis-tance in instrument development, Philip Wang for assistance in data col-lection, and Lynn Ren for help in data analysis. They also appreciate the generous support of Dow Chemical for the Center of Marketing &amp; Innova-tion and a research grant from the China Europe International Business School awarded to the second author.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:17+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>new product development</term>
					<term>teams</term>
					<term>stability</term>
					<term>decision making</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Innovation scholars have long touted the value of cross-functional teams, and though firms have embraced a crossfunctional design in their new product development (NPD) teams, these teams continue to face challenges. Stability in an NPD team may offer important advantages for decision making; however, its effectiveness as a structural coordination mechanism remains largely unexplored. Therefore, to offer insight into the value of NPD team stability, the authors develop a process-based model that examines the extent to which stability influences certain decisionmaking processes, which in turn influence new product advantage. They examine these relationships with a sample of cross-functional NPD project teams from 208 high-technology firms. The results reveal that the degree of stability in an NPD project team has a curvilinear relationship to team-level debate and decision-making comprehensiveness. In turn, whereas debate is positively related to decision comprehensiveness, decision comprehensiveness is positively related to new product advantage only at high levels. These curvilinear patterns shed light on anecdotal evidence that currently attributes success to both stable and unstable project teams.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>F irms dedicate vast resources in their quest to develop new products that offer an advantage over competition. At the heart of this quest is the knowledge embedded in the cross-functional new product development (NPD) team. The team represents a group of people from different functions who are responsible for the management and coordination of the NPD project <ref type="bibr" coords="1,212.28,414.85,81.73,8.79;1,54.00,426.35,21.52,8.79" target="#b21">(Griffin and Hauser 1992)</ref>. The rationale for using a cross-functional NPD team is to leverage each member's distinct expertise and knowledge. Transferring knowledge across functional boundaries can generate a valuable strategic asset <ref type="bibr" coords="1,209.18,460.85,58.80,8.79" target="#b22">(Hansen 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,270.68,460.85,23.32,8.79;1,54.00,472.35,68.28,8.79" target="#b33">Maltz and Kohli 1996)</ref> as teams create new solutions, products, and services (Atuahene-Gima and Evangelista 2000; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,267.03,483.85,26.97,8.79;1,54.00,495.35,87.42,8.79" target="#b18">Brown and Eisenhardt 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,145.13,495.35,102.74,8.79" target="#b21">Griffin and Hauser 1992)</ref>. However, the disparate knowledge and perspectives that exist across functions also have the potential to adversely affect crossfunctional deliberations and decision making <ref type="bibr" coords="1,247.91,529.85,46.09,8.79;1,54.00,541.35,21.52,8.79" target="#b6">(Dougherty 1992)</ref>.</p><p>To overcome this potential downside of cross-functional teams, firms can adopt an integration mechanism to elevate the team's information sharing and collaboration. One often-used approach is a structural coordination mechanism that focuses on the stability of project team members. In an NPD context, project team stability refers to the extent to which the core members of a cross-functional team remain for the duration of the project, from project approval to product launch. From a knowledge-based perspective, stability stimulates collaboration <ref type="bibr" coords="1,442.45,449.27,115.55,8.79;1,318.00,460.83,21.52,8.79" target="#b46">(Pelled, Eisenhardt, and Xin 1999)</ref>, thus enabling a cross-functional NPD team to dismantle the knowledge barriers that hinder innovation success <ref type="bibr" coords="1,339.75,483.96,58.60,8.79" target="#b2">(Carlile 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,403.37,483.96,69.59,8.79" target="#b6">Dougherty 1992)</ref>. However, stability may also pose specific risks. For example, greater stability within a team may impede the sharing of heterogeneous knowledge that can be of great importance for the successful development of new products <ref type="bibr" coords="1,469.63,530.21,88.37,8.79;1,318.00,541.77,21.52,8.79" target="#b49">(Rodan and Galunic 2004)</ref>. This implies that the relationship among team stability, decision-making processes, and new product outcomes may be more complex than the literature has indicated.</p><p>To shed light on these potentially complex relationships, we develop and test a process model in which the degree of project team stability relates to key decision-making processes (i.e., team-level debate and decision comprehensiveness), which in turn relate to new product advantage (i.e., the superiority of a new product's quality, features, and benefits relative to competitors). These two decision-making processes represent important aspects for strategic decision making (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,374.36,668.96,132.04,8.79" target="#b54">Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>. Team-level debate is a deliberate process in which team members discuss, challenge, and contest one another's opinions, ideas, and positions about the project's strategies, goal priorities, and overall objectives <ref type="bibr" coords="1,408.27,715.21,149.73,8.79" target="#b37">(Mitchell, Nicholas, and Boyle 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.00,36.21,137.48,8.79" target="#b54">Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>. Decision-making comprehensiveness describes the degree to which the team is exhaustive as it considers multiple approaches, courses of action, and decision criteria in its strategic decision making <ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.00,82.42,76.62,8.79" target="#b11">(Fredrickson 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,133.36,82.42,130.85,8.79" target="#b54">Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>.</p><p>The logic for our process model rests on two theoretical foundations. First, according to <ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.20,105.53,73.78,8.79" target="#b34">McGrath's (1984)</ref> classic input-process-output (IPO) model, organizational inputs (e.g., team integration structures) influence organizational outputs (e.g., new product advantage) through specific team processes (e.g., decision making). Second, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,223.07,151.74,66.76,8.79;2,54.00,163.29,49.08,8.79" target="#b18">Brown and Eisenhardt (1995)</ref> conceptualize the NPD process as a disciplined, problem-solving process that involves many decision-making activities geared toward finding solutions to critical customer problems. Consistent with the IPO model, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,250.13,197.95,43.87,8.79;2,54.00,209.50,78.23,8.79" target="#b18">Brown and Eisenhardt (1995)</ref> also make a theoretical distinction between the structural conditions that affect intermediate product development team dynamics and ultimate product outcomes. Consequently, extant research that focuses solely on the direct effect of team structures on ultimate new product outcomes has created a mystery as to the intervening decision-making processes (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,193.02,278.82,100.98,8.79;2,54.00,290.37,46.93,8.79" target="#b3">De Luca and Atuahene-Gima 2007)</ref>. Furthermore, extant research that underscores the importance of decision-making processes in NPD (e.g., Atuahene-Gima and Li 2004) has tended to overlook the potential mediating role of these processes between integration mechanisms and ultimate product outcomes. We extend previous research by uncovering the decision-making "missing link" between an integration mechanism (project team stability) and new product advantage.</p><p>Overall, this research offers important insight into the complexity surrounding the degree of stability in a crossfunctional NPD project team and its link to new product advantage through decision-making processes. Specifically, our results reveal that project team stability has a curvilinear relationship to team-level debate and decision-making comprehensiveness. In turn, a team's level of debate is positively related to its decision-making comprehensiveness, and comprehensiveness has a curvilinear relationship to new product advantage. These results have important implications. In particular, our research illustrates the potentially crucial but complex role of decision-making processes as instruments through which a team's structure (i.e., degree of stability) can enhance new product advantage. The differential effects from these decision-making processes also have important implications for how project teams transfer knowledge across members. Moreover, our results contribute to a better understanding of an important feature identified by group process scholars regarding the role of structure geared toward maintaining relationships and information flow (e.g., McGrath 1984). Although the cross-functional composition of NPD teams offers the potential for specialized knowledge exchange, our research reveals that the degree of stability in an NPD project team is an important driver in the extent to which this potential is realized.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conceptual Framework</head><p>The knowledge-based view (KBV) of the firm points to knowledge as a critical resource for developing a competi-Team Stability and New Product Advantage / 97 tive advantage and recognizes that managing knowledge can be a challenge <ref type="bibr" coords="2,400.21,47.84,52.91,8.79" target="#b20">(Grant 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,457.16,47.84,57.91,8.79" target="#b44">Nonaka 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,519.11,47.84,38.88,8.79;2,317.99,59.47,21.52,8.79" target="#b57">Szulanski 1996)</ref>. Specifically, much of the knowledge that firms and people possess is specialized, tacit, and not easily articulated <ref type="bibr" coords="2,343.18,82.74,62.62,8.79" target="#b44">(Nonaka 1994)</ref>. When effectively transferred and shared internally, such knowledge increases in value and becomes difficult for competitors to imitate <ref type="bibr" coords="2,507.86,106.00,50.14,8.79;2,317.99,117.63,53.71,8.79" target="#b14">(Argote and Ingram 2000)</ref>. However, the generation, transfer, and sharing of specialized knowledge in teams can be time consuming and difficult <ref type="bibr" coords="2,394.08,140.89,67.06,8.79" target="#b57">(Szulanski 1996</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,470.90,140.89,17.69,8.79" target="#b57">(Szulanski , 2000</ref>. In particular, knowledge sharing can be impeded by the tendency to guard and selectively share information <ref type="bibr" coords="2,478.51,164.16,58.62,8.79" target="#b22">(Hansen 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,539.67,164.16,13.75,8.79;2,317.99,175.79,48.29,8.79" target="#b57">Szulanski 1996)</ref>. Furthermore, because knowledge is localized, embedded, and invested in practice (e.g., Lave 1988), "knowledge boundaries" arise among team members from different functions. Such boundaries hinder interfunctional knowledge sharing and problem solving because of syntax, semantics, and political problems <ref type="bibr" coords="2,455.34,233.95,85.45,8.79">(Carlile 2002, p. 442)</ref>.</p><p>Although these boundaries make work across functions more challenging, the diversity inherent in cross-functional teams provides the potential to produce the specialized knowledge needed for developing new products. Thus, firms find it necessary to use formal integration and coordination mechanisms to facilitate the development of a shared language, interpretation, and understanding to permeate the knowledge boundaries that emerge among project team members <ref type="bibr" coords="2,361.52,339.63,61.20,8.79" target="#b2">(Carlile 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,428.40,339.63,51.60,8.79" target="#b20">Grant 1996)</ref>. One formalized mechanism is the stability of a team <ref type="bibr" coords="2,482.27,351.26,75.72,8.79;2,317.99,362.90,22.78,8.79" target="#b12">(Akg端n and Lynn 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,343.52,362.90,110.12,8.79" target="#b41">Moreland and Argote 2003)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Project Team Stability</head><p>Project team stability refers to the extent to which the core members of a cross-functional team remain for the duration of the project, from project approval to product launch. The core members of a cross-functional project team represent a limited group of people from different functions who are responsible for the management and coordination of project activities (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,378.89,469.95,98.76,8.79" target="#b21">Griffin and Hauser 1992)</ref>. Over the course of an NPD project, if all core members stay on the team and no changes are made, the team is considered fully stable. In contrast, NPD teams are considered much less stable if core membership frequently changes over the duration of the project.</p><p>From a KBV perspective, project team stability may offer the opportunity to attenuate the knowledge transfer problem by stimulating collaboration and encouraging open discussion among team members <ref type="bibr" coords="2,459.30,575.63,98.69,8.79;2,317.99,587.26,39.92,8.79" target="#b46">(Pelled, Eisenhardt, and Xin 1999)</ref>. For example, when a group is initially formed, members spend some time getting to know one another, and this initial building phase is often marked by guarded exchange in which there is much hidden and unshared information <ref type="bibr" coords="2,369.17,633.79,66.13,8.79" target="#b60">(Tuckman 1965)</ref>. However, as team members gain working experience with one another over the duration of the project, their interactions are likely to break down the knowledge-sharing barriers <ref type="bibr" coords="2,443.81,668.69,62.67,8.79" target="#b2">(Carlile 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,513.63,668.69,44.36,8.79;2,317.99,680.32,21.52,8.79" target="#b6">Dougherty 1992)</ref>. Consequently, although team members bring different knowledge bases and "systems of meaning" <ref type="bibr" coords="2,511.90,691.95,46.09,8.79;2,317.99,703.58,53.22,8.79">(Dougherty 1992, p. 183)</ref>, the degree of stability in the project team is likely to shape their interaction and decision-making pro-cesses (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,111.41,36.21,56.08,8.79" target="#b1">Carley 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,172.67,36.21,121.33,8.79;3,54.00,47.86,21.52,8.79" target="#b46">Pelled, Eisenhardt, and Xin 1999)</ref>. <ref type="figure" coords="3,82.58,47.86,33.85,8.79">Figure 1</ref> presents our conceptual framework.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Project Team Stability and Decision-Making Processes</head><p>We examine the relationship between team stability and two key decision-making processes: debate and decision comprehensiveness. These two decision-making processes represent important but distinct aspects of strategic decision making (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,113.09,143.39,137.52,8.79" target="#b54">Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>. Whereas debate involves challenge in the decision-making process, comprehensiveness involves a process of generating many alternative courses of action, thoroughly analyzing all strategic options, and using multiple criteria in making decisions.</p><p>In terms of team-level debate, we argue that the relationship between project team stability and debate is positive up to a certain level of stability. In particular, the increased shared responsibility, group memory, and awareness of team members' problem-solving styles can enhance the manner in which team members share information and discuss issues. As project teams become more stable, there is an increased shared responsibility for the project goals and a greater personal stake in the project outcomes (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.00,319.09,94.47,8.79" target="#b12">Akg端n and Lynn 2002)</ref>. This heightens the search for and sharing of information because individual team members have a vested interest in seeing a successful project outcome. Furthermore, as team member stability increases, it ensures elevated group transactive memory of project activities that allows for coordinated access to each team member's knowledge and expertise <ref type="bibr" coords="3,185.26,388.98,78.07,8.79" target="#b12">(Akg端n et al. 2005</ref>). This enables a higher level of debate because members have more project-related knowledge and information to frame their different points of view <ref type="bibr" coords="3,171.93,423.92,51.73,8.79" target="#b31">(Lewis 2004)</ref>. Finally, as team members work together on the NPD project, they develop greater awareness of one another's decision-making styles.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="98">/ Journal of Marketing, January 2011</head><p>This enables team members to express different views and challenge or disagree with one another's ideas with greater candor and less concern about possible backlash <ref type="bibr" coords="3,518.30,59.86,39.71,8.79;3,318.00,71.68,115.81,8.79" target="#b37">(Mitchell, Nicholas, and Boyle 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,438.89,71.68,119.11,8.79;3,318.00,83.50,21.52,8.79" target="#b46">Pelled, Eisenhardt, and Xin 1999)</ref>.</p><p>However, beyond a certain point, too much stability may be detrimental to team-level debate. With greater team stability, the transactive memory system remains intact and offers team members access to a greater degree of teamwide knowledge <ref type="bibr" coords="3,364.20,142.62,125.96,8.79">(Lewis, Lange, and Gillis 2005)</ref>. Yet research on social entrainment theory (McGrath and Kelly 1986) suggests that when team members develop acute shared transactive memory, they are less likely to publicly challenge one another's ideas. Moreover, the increased social interaction among team members and the greater involvement with the project can suppress the expression of vital alternative or challenging perspectives <ref type="bibr" coords="3,430.35,225.39,49.29,8.79" target="#b9">(Esser 1998)</ref>. Consequently, we argue that there is an optimal level of NPD project team stability for team-level debate, below which the relationship is positive and above which the relationship is negative.</p><p>H 1 : Project team stability has a curvilinear relationship to teamlevel debate, illustrating an inverted U-shaped pattern.</p><p>We also expect project team stability to be positively related to decision-making comprehensiveness, up to a certain level of stability. In particular, the increased shared responsibility that greater project team stability facilitates heightens the team's search for more and better information. Indeed, research suggests that team members with a common goal tend to develop a larger pool of high-quality ideas and information by being more open to one another's diverse perspectives <ref type="bibr" coords="3,401.92,399.92,91.92,8.79" target="#b15">(Atuahene-Gima 2003)</ref>. Moreover, the free flow of information generates a larger quantity of information and ideas for consideration in the decision-making process <ref type="bibr" coords="3,353.25,435.39,126.15,8.79" target="#b18">(Brown and Eisenhardt 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,484.44,435.39,69.22,8.79" target="#b53">Sheremata 2000)</ref>. The better quality and greater quantity of information enable the team to uncover multiple alternatives. Finally, as members of a team continue to work together over the duration of a project, the increased opportunity for interaction and communication enables the team to generate and evaluate many courses of action <ref type="bibr" coords="4,149.81,82.67,107.37,8.79" target="#b28">(LaFasto and Larson 2001)</ref>. However, beyond a certain level of project team stability, we expect the relationship between team stability and decision comprehensiveness to be negative. Members of highly stable teams may fail to realistically appraise alternative courses of action (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,165.85,140.75,47.28,8.79" target="#b9">Esser 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,215.98,140.75,44.37,8.79" target="#b24">Janis 1982)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,267.50,140.75,26.50,8.79;4,54.00,152.37,26.66,8.79" target="#b1">Carley (1986)</ref> shows that as members of a stable team become more familiar with project task activities, they begin to make assumptions about the task that cause them to overlook important information. Moreover, they tend to assume that fellow team members hold views similar to their own. By developing shared perspectives on many important issues and making such assumptions, team members fail to collect and consider contradictory information and to analyze key issues deeply. Consequently, higher levels of team stability may limit the degree to which the team is exhaustive and comprehensive in its decision making. Therefore, we expect an optimal level of project team stability for decision-making comprehensiveness, below which the relationship is positive and above which the relationship is negative.</p><p>H 2 : Project team stability has a curvilinear relationship to decision-making comprehensiveness, illustrating an inverted U-shaped pattern.</p><p>It is possible for debate to occur without decision comprehensiveness <ref type="bibr" coords="4,116.85,368.96,134.07,8.79" target="#b54">(Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>, such that members propose different options that are not given sufficient consideration. However, we anticipate that the level of debate enhances comprehensive decision making. Greater comprehensiveness reflects a more exhaustive decisionmaking approach, involving consideration and analysis of a wide array of information and many courses of action <ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.00,450.27,134.53,8.79">(Fredrickson and Mitchell 1984)</ref>. Team-level debate may elevate the comprehensiveness of a project team's decision making by introducing divergent perspectives and a variety of alternative courses of action. As a result, a greater quantity of information and ideas is generated <ref type="bibr" coords="4,243.19,496.74,50.80,8.79;4,54.00,508.35,69.16,8.79" target="#b18">(Brown and Eisenhardt 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,126.78,508.35,67.34,8.79" target="#b53">Sheremata 2000)</ref>. Debate can also impel team members to analyze information to a greater extent, thereby ensuring a greater number of options to consider. In support of these arguments, research shows that the degree of debate among top management teams enhances their consideration of multiple alternative courses of action <ref type="bibr" coords="4,53.98,578.05,157.23,8.79">(Talaulicar, Grundei, and Werder 2005)</ref>. Therefore, we predict a positive relationship between a team's level of debate and its level of comprehensiveness in decision making.</p><p>H 3 : NPD team-level debate is positively related to decisionmaking comprehensiveness.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Decision-Making Processes and New Product Advantage</head><p>The problem-solving perspective of NPD <ref type="bibr" coords="4,242.36,680.36,51.63,8.79;4,53.99,691.98,69.71,8.79" target="#b18">(Brown and Eisenhardt 1995)</ref> suggests that an NPD project team must leverage its knowledge to develop a superior new product. We argue that team-level debate and decision-making com-</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Team Stability and New Product Advantage / 99</head><p>prehensiveness have a central role in this process. Regarding team-level debate, we expect an initial increase in debate to enhance new product advantage for several reasons. First, as team members challenge assumptions and ideas about critical issues, they have a greater opportunity to synthesize their different perspectives and evaluate different solutions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,384.81,105.21,63.13,8.79" target="#b13">(Amason 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,451.64,105.21,106.34,8.79" target="#b5">Dooley and Fryxell 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.98,116.71,43.00,8.79" target="#b25">Jehn 1995)</ref>. This discussion of conflicting perspectives can raise questions and deliberations about whether the addition of new product features will offer an advantage to consumers over current competitive offerings. Second, as teams engage in debate, it can prevent tunnel vision and inflexibility in problem solving <ref type="bibr" coords="4,413.54,174.21,119.86,8.79" target="#b18">(Brown and Eisenhardt 1995)</ref>, thus facilitating greater strategic use of market information <ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.98,197.21,69.92,8.79" target="#b40">(Moorman 1995)</ref>. Finally, debate can encourage project members to delve into issues more deeply and develop a stronger understanding of problems, enabling them to uncover more effective solutions <ref type="bibr" coords="4,455.21,231.71,46.76,8.79" target="#b25">(Jehn 1995)</ref>. Thus, a key benefit of debate is that it allows differences in perspectives and creativity in customer problem solving, which can elevate the potential for discovering specific features that fit customer needs. However, beyond an optimal level, we expect further increases in debate to hinder the team's ability to create a superior new product. Specifically, a high level of debate may be detrimental to the process of developing more effective solutions to customer problems. Information error can occur in the debate process that can adversely affect the processing of dissenting information <ref type="bibr" coords="4,473.74,359.21,84.24,8.79;4,317.98,370.71,21.52,8.79" target="#b5">(Dooley and Fryxell 1999)</ref>. For example, with high levels of debate, a team member may be compelled to provide information, even though the facts are unfounded. A team member may also provide inaccurate information in an attempt to deceive others or promote personal interests. In addition, the information asymmetry and differences in specialized knowledge among team members have the potential to increase internal politics and personal animosity, which are detrimental to finding more effective solutions (Atuahene-Gima and Evangelista 2000). For example, constructive criticisms during debate may be misconstrued as attempts to gain unfair personal or functional advantage or as a challenge to the skills and competence of the team members whose views are criticized <ref type="bibr" coords="4,342.93,520.21,134.54,8.79" target="#b17">(Bourgeois and Eisenhardt 1988)</ref>. Consequently, we expect an initial increase in team-level debate to enhance new product advantage, but beyond an optimal point, further increases in team-level debate will hinder new product advantage. H 4 : Team-level debate has a curvilinear relationship to new product advantage, illustrating an inverted U-shaped pattern.</p><p>In terms of decision-making comprehensiveness, we expect an initial increase in comprehensiveness to enhance new product advantage. First, comprehensiveness can induce decision makers to examine the environment, the behavior of competitors, and the underlying needs of customers to generate a larger pool of new ideas for new products <ref type="bibr" coords="4,337.86,680.71,145.13,8.79" target="#b36">(Miller, Droge, and Toulouse 1988)</ref>. As the decisionmaking approach becomes more exhaustive, it reduces the potential of the project team falling victim to specific cognitive biases associated with incomplete information <ref type="bibr" coords="4,529.68,715.21,28.32,8.79;5,54.00,36.21,17.22,8.79" target="#b35">(Miller 2008</ref>). This enables decision makers to become more realistic and effective in their assessments of the environment <ref type="bibr" coords="5,54.00,59.52,62.35,8.79" target="#b55">(Sniezek 1992)</ref>. Second, as decision comprehensiveness increases, it enables managers to uncover new insights that can enhance the relative advantage of the new product <ref type="bibr" coords="5,54.00,94.48,112.42,8.79" target="#b4">(Dean and Sharfman 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,170.39,94.48,68.25,8.79" target="#b8">Eisenhardt 1989)</ref>. The greater depth and expansive understanding of the environment increases the likelihood that team members will identify strengths and weaknesses of different alternatives to solving customer problems. Such a process is likely to generate ideas that lead to the discovery of a product that is more advantageous than competing products (Atuahene-Gima and Li 2004). Finally, greater comprehensiveness in the decision-making process reflects greater investment of time and energy in the decision process, which can elevate commitment toward finding and implementing a superior solution <ref type="bibr" coords="5,72.31,222.68,52.59,8.79" target="#b35">(Miller 2008)</ref>.</p><p>However, beyond an optimal level, we expect further increases in decision-making comprehensiveness to involve significant costs that hinder the team's ability to develop a superior new product. From an information-processing perspective, an exhaustive analysis of the situation is likely to produce redundant information that distracts decision makers from the value of useful information <ref type="bibr" coords="5,226.55,304.26,67.45,8.79;5,54.00,315.92,73.06,8.79" target="#b43">(Nisbett, Zukier, and Lemley 1981)</ref>. Furthermore, complete comprehensiveness can produce new and unfamiliar information to team members <ref type="bibr" coords="5,93.55,339.23,52.74,8.79" target="#b35">(Miller 2008)</ref>. When this occurs, it becomes inefficient for the team to process the large quantity of unfamiliar information because of problems associated with bounded rationality and information overload. Consequently, we expect an initial increase in decision-making comprehensiveness to enhance new product advantage, but beyond an optimal point, further increases in comprehensiveness will hinder new product advantage.</p><p>H 5 : Decision-making comprehensiveness has a curvilinear relationship to new product advantage, illustrating an inverted U-shaped pattern.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sample</head><p>Our sample consists of high-technology firms operating in China, given this economy's propensity to engage in product innovation activity (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,168.73,552.05,48.56,8.79" target="#b61">White 2000)</ref>. In developing the research instrument, we followed the double-translation method, in which the survey was first prepared in English and then translated into Chinese and then back into English to evaluate the translation accuracy. We pretested the instrument using individual interviews with 17 managers who had at least three years of business experience in China to examine understanding of the survey questions and face validity of the constructs. From a directory of 2500 high-technology firms provided by a local consulting firm in Shanghai, we randomly contacted 500 firms. From each firm, we collected data from two key informants who were involved in the same recent NPD project. We asked the project leader to select the most recent new product launched within the last three 100 / Journal of Marketing, January 2011 years. We restricted the recall time frame to three years or fewer to minimize problems associated with retrospective data collection <ref type="bibr" coords="5,379.59,59.21,136.56,8.79">(Miller, Cardinal, and Glick 1997)</ref>. The project leader provided information on project team stability and new product advantage. These informants were research-and-development (R&amp;D) (65%) and marketing (35%) managers and had a mean industry experience of 11.22 years. A second respondent, nominated by the first respondent as knowledgeable of and involved with the project selected, provided data on decision-making comprehensiveness, team-level debate, and the control variables. These informants comprised marketing managers (52%), business development managers (34%), chief executive officers (8%), and R&amp;D managers (6%) and had a mean industry experience of 8.99 years. In addition to using multiple key informants, we further minimized common method bias concerns by offering anonymity and confidentiality to reduce socially desirable responses and assuring key informants that there were no correct or incorrect answers to reduce informant apprehension <ref type="bibr" coords="5,445.62,254.72,90.23,8.79" target="#b48">(Podsakoff et al. 2003)</ref>.</p><p>Overall, we received 208 pairs of usable questionnaires, for a response rate of 42%, with all sampled projects developed by cross-functional teams. To ensure integrity of the data received, we telephoned each informant subsequent to the collection of the completed questionnaire to verify that he or she completed the questionnaire. We motivated respondents by assuring them confidentiality and offering a summary of the research results and a free workshop on the research findings (information that would be meaningless to them in the absence of accurate data). To test for nonresponse bias, we compared a sample of 66 participating firms with a sample of nonparticipating firms for which we had data on R&amp;D expenditures. Analyses of variance indicated no significant differences between the two groups, and a test of early versus late respondents did not indicate significant differences with respect to the measures in the study.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>We adapted measures from previous studies when available or created them specifically for this study. We present all multi-item measures, which relied on five-point Likert scales, and internal fit statistics in the Appendix and detail the measurement results in the next section.</p><p>Key variables. Because the length of time each person was a member of the project team was unavailable, we relied on key informants to provide information about team stability. We measured project team stability with five items: two that we created and three drawn from <ref type="bibr" coords="5,513.81,577.21,44.19,8.79;5,318.00,588.71,48.14,8.79">Agk端n and Lynn (2002)</ref>. We assessed the extent to which the informant agreed with statements pertaining to whether different core members of the project team stayed for the duration of the project.</p><p>For team-level debate, we relied on a three-item scale adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="5,375.23,646.21,138.40,8.79" target="#b54">Simons, Pelled, and Smith (1999)</ref> that asked respondents to indicate the extent to which the decision making among team members involved disagreement, challenge, and dissent regarding the project's strategies, objectives, and goal priorities. For decision-making comprehensiveness, we adapted a four-item scale from <ref type="bibr" coords="5,500.76,703.71,57.24,8.79;5,318.00,715.21,69.04,8.79" target="#b35">Miller, Burke, and Glick (1998)</ref> that asked informants to rate the extent to which decision making in the NPD project involved consideration of a large number of alternatives, multiple criteria for evaluating the alternatives, and extensive examination of opportunities and possible courses of action.</p><p>We measured new product advantage with five items that were partially based on the work of Atuahene- <ref type="bibr" coords="6,274.35,94.05,19.65,8.79;6,54.00,105.62,55.00,8.79">Gima and Li (2004)</ref>. The scale asked respondents to indicate the extent to which the new product provided higher quality than competing products, offered unique benefits, and solved customers' problems more effectively than competitive offerings.</p><p>Control variables. In testing our hypotheses, we included additional variables to control for potential extraneous effects. First, we controlled for two team-specific effects on decision-making debate and comprehensiveness. In particular, previous research has shown that the size of the team influences decision-making processes (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,271.24,225.29,17.07,8.79;6,54.00,236.86,39.12,8.79" target="#b13">Amason 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,95.57,236.86,101.34,8.79" target="#b5">Dooley and Fryxell 1999)</ref>, and the duration of the project is likely to influence the opportunities to engage in decision making and thus may affect decision-making processes. Therefore, we controlled for potential effects from team size, which we measured as the number of members on the team, and project duration, which we measured as the length of time (in months) it took to complete the NPD project. 1 The average team size was five members, and the average project duration was five months.</p><p>Second, we controlled for two firm-specific effects on new product advantage. Because R&amp;D investments may generate better products and improve productivity (e.g., Bean 1995), we controlled for potential effects of R&amp;D intensity, measured as R&amp;D investments as a percentage of sales, on new product advantage. 2 In addition, because investments in marketing research and brand building may generate insights regarding consumer needs, brand strength, and the competitive landscape, we included marketing investment using a two-item measure that captures the extent to which a firm has made significant investments in marketing research and brand building.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Team Stability and New Product Advantage / 101</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analysis and Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analysis</head><p>To specify the model and estimate the parameters, we used a partial least squares (PLS) estimation approach, which is a component-based structural modeling technique <ref type="bibr" coords="6,532.45,95.26,25.55,8.79;6,318.00,106.76,18.66,8.79" target="#b62">(Wold 1985</ref>) that offers specific advantages over covariance-based approaches (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,391.19,118.26,117.18,8.79" target="#b10">Fornell and Bookstein 1982)</ref>. Given our sample size and the number of paths to estimate in our model, an important advantage of PLS is that its least squares approach to solving structural equation models demands fewer data points for analysis. In addition, PLS is more appropriate when measures are not well established <ref type="bibr" coords="6,318.00,187.26,117.54,8.79" target="#b10">(Fornell and Bookstein 1982;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,437.81,187.26,45.51,8.79" target="#b62">Wold 1985)</ref>. To test the curvilinear relationships of project team stability, team-level debate, and decision-making comprehensiveness, we modeled their quadratic terms using the procedure that <ref type="bibr" coords="6,539.66,221.76,18.34,8.79;6,318.00,233.26,26.66,8.79" target="#b47">Ping (1995)</ref> recommends. To assess the significance of parameter estimates, we used a bootstrap approach with 200 resamples, with each sample consisting of the same number of cases as the original sample <ref type="bibr" coords="6,432.81,267.76,110.87,8.79" target="#b7">(Efron and Tibshirani 1993)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measurement Results</head><p>In PLS, reliability of individual items is assessed by examining the loadings of the items with their respective latent construct; loadings of less than .5 may represent poorly worded or inappropriate items and thus should be eliminated from the model <ref type="bibr" coords="6,415.64,346.14,61.90,8.79" target="#b23">(Hulland 1999)</ref>. As the Appendix reports, all measurement items exceed this threshold and load significantly on the expected constructs.</p><p>Furthermore, all constructs have acceptable levels of reliability, with the composite reliability coefficients ranging from .84 to .87 for each construct, exceeding the .7 recommended threshold <ref type="bibr" coords="6,405.95,415.33,65.22,8.79" target="#b45">(Nunnally 1978)</ref>. Convergent validity is also evident, with the average variance extracted (AVE) for each construct ranging between .52 and .71, exceeding the .5 benchmark <ref type="bibr" coords="6,394.43,449.83,111.30,8.79" target="#b10">(Fornell and Larcker 1981)</ref>. To test for discriminant validity, we used <ref type="bibr" coords="6,441.78,461.33,116.22,8.79" target="#b10">Fornell and Larcker's (1981)</ref> approach by examining whether the square root of the AVE of each construct (shown in the diagonal in <ref type="table" coords="6,504.31,484.33,30.11,8.79" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>) was greater than the correlations between variables. All constructs demonstrate discriminant validity. <ref type="table" coords="6,318.00,542.71,29.69,8.79" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref> reports the results for the structural model. Because PLS does not provide statistics to measure overall model fit, the variance explained can be used to assess nomological validity <ref type="bibr" coords="7,86.72,527.92,59.48,8.79" target="#b23">(Hulland 1999)</ref>, with 38% of the variance explained for new product advantage. In terms of control variables, the results show that team size elevates team-level debate.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Structural Results</head><p>The results also reveal that firm-specific investments in marketing and R&amp;D are positively related to new product advantage. Regarding our predicted effects, the results reveal that project team stability has a significant, positive linear and a significant, negative quadratic relationship to team-level debate and to decision-making comprehensiveness. Thus, the results lend support for both H 1 and H 2 . To illustrate these relationships further, we plotted the effects across the data range of project team stability (see <ref type="figure" coords="7,219.46,668.39,32.97,8.79">Figure 2</ref>). Evident in this figure are the distinct curvilinear patterns for each of these decision-making processes. In particular, the relationship between project team stability and decision-making comprehensiveness attenuates at high levels of stability,</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="102">/ Journal of Marketing, January 2011</head><p>whereas the relationship between project team stability and team-level debate shows a distinct decrease at high levels of stability. Note that the value of project team stability continues to elevate as the degree of stability increases, and it is not until high levels of stability that declines begin. Thus, to gain the greatest benefits from team-level debate and decision-making comprehensiveness, teams with a moderate to high level of stability seem to be most advantageous.</p><p>Furthermore, team-level debate has a significant, positive relationship to decision-making comprehensiveness (b = .35, p &lt; .01), offering support for H 3 , but it does not have a significant relationship to new product advantage. However, the results show that decision comprehensiveness has a nonsignificant linear but a significant quadratic relationship to new product advantage. To illustrate these patterns further, we plotted the effects across the two decision-making processes. As <ref type="figure" coords="7,363.07,424.26,34.62,8.79">Figure 3</ref> shows, the relationship between teamlevel debate and new product advantage remains relatively flat, whereas the relationship between decision-making comprehensiveness and new product advantage reveals a curvilinear, increasing relationship. Therefore, as the level of an NPD project team's decision-making comprehensiveness increases, it heightens the team's potential to offer a superior new product.</p><p>Consistent with the IPO model <ref type="bibr" coords="7,470.76,518.29,65.83,8.79" target="#b34">(McGrath 1984)</ref>, the results indicate that the degree of stability in an NPD project team influences the team's decision making in complex ways, and through these relationships, project team stability can have important implications for new product advantage. We present the implications of our results in greater detail in the next section.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>In this study, we set out to understand better whether the degree of stability in cross-functional NPD project teams influences important team-level decision-making processes and the resulting new product advantage. Our motivation was that though the use of cross-functional teams in innovation can offer many benefits, disadvantages related to bridging the disparate objectives and perspectives can be a substantial hurdle. One approach for overcoming these hurdles </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 2 The Relationship between NPD Project Team Stability and Decision-Making Processes</head><p>Team-level debate Decision-making comprehensiveness</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Project Team Stability Decision-Making Process</head><p>is the degree of stability in cross-functional NPD project teams, a structural coordination mechanism frequently embraced in business practice.</p><p>Overall, this research reveals that project team stability can play an important role in the NPD process through its relationship to decision-making debate and comprehensiveness. Consequently, our study provides some support for the use of structural approaches in facilitating knowledge sharing, an idea prominent in the KBV <ref type="bibr" coords="8,198.79,346.41,50.64,8.79" target="#b20">(Grant 1996)</ref>. Although the intrafirm transfer of tacit, complex knowledge can be time consuming and difficult <ref type="bibr" coords="8,185.84,369.46,62.85,8.79" target="#b22">(Hansen 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,253.85,369.46,40.16,8.79;8,54.00,380.99,21.52,8.79" target="#b57">Szulanski 1996)</ref>, the degree of stability in an NPD project team can offer value. Our results reveal that the willingness to withhold specific information and the apprehension in sharing sensitive information that often occurs in project teams <ref type="bibr" coords="8,54.00,427.09,130.58,8.79" target="#b32">(Luo, Slotegraaf, and Pan 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,187.86,427.09,106.14,8.79" target="#b56">Stasser and Stewart 1992)</ref> may dissipate as team members continue to work with one another over the course of a project. Therefore, the degree of stability in a cross-functional NPD project team can play an important role in permeating functional knowledge boundaries, thus fostering the exchange of crucial knowledge. In brief, the degree of stability in a team has important implications for effective decision making.</p><p>However, our results also indicate that teams with high levels of stability face specific obstacles or impediments that diffuse decision-making effectiveness. Specifically, although decision-making debate and comprehensiveness are two important strategic decision-making processes <ref type="bibr" coords="8,53.99,576.91,134.67,8.79" target="#b54">(Simons, Pelled, and Smith 1999)</ref>, our research reveals that the degree to which an NPD project team engages in these two decision-making processes dissipates at higher levels of stability. A possible explanation for these complex relationships is that team members in a highly stable team have become too comfortable with one another, and so increased amicability across team members occurs. As a result, teamlevel debate diminishes. It is also possible that members of a highly stable team gain group memory that becomes stagnant. This suggests that the debate and decision-making comprehensiveness in more stable teams reach natural limits unless teams actively engage in seeking external sources of information.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Team Stability and New Product Advantage / 103</head><p>In summary, our results reveal a complex process model that contributes to marketing theory in three main respects. First, we assimilate the role of project team stability into the KBV research stream by highlighting its influence on knowledge transfer and decision making as keys to sustainable advantage <ref type="bibr" coords="8,384.61,93.71,52.46,8.79" target="#b20">(Grant 1996)</ref>. Although the KBV asserts that knowledge is the most important resource, a fundamental challenge lies in the conversion of knowledge into internal competences for innovation. Addressing the link between project team stability and decision-making processes in cross-functional teams, we offer insight into this challenge and present a new perspective regarding the role of project team stability in NPD. Although marketing scholars have examined the role of decision-making processes, few have examined the key intervening role of decision making in unearthing the inherent value of project team characteristics. By examining these complex linkages, we contribute to the marketing literature and the KBV by highlighting a mechanism by which project team structures could be linked to ultimate project outcomes.</p><p>Second, this study contributes to marketing theory by being the first to show empirically that decision-making debate and comprehensiveness have differential effects on new product advantage. In particular, finding that teamlevel debate affects new product advantage not directly but through decision comprehensiveness is revealing. This has important theoretical implications for how firms and project teams use internal deliberations to foster knowledge transfer in NPD. For example, the unquestionable advantages of debate for enhancing creative thinking may lead scholars to assume that debate is, in and of itself, valuable to project outcomes. We reveal that this assumption may be erroneous by showing that for the firms in our sample, debate becomes valuable for new product advantage only if it facilitates comprehensive decision making. In contrast, our results show that comprehensiveness in the decision-making process is directly valuable for new product advantage.</p><p>Contrary to our expectations, we also find that higher levels of comprehensiveness can be more beneficial to generating a superior new product. A possible explanation for this result is that higher levels of comprehensive decision making in a team generate a heightened concentration on important ideas <ref type="bibr" coords="8,387.36,519.71,114.05,8.79" target="#b5">(Dooley and Fryxell 1999)</ref> and a better understanding of the market situation and customer problems <ref type="bibr" coords="8,340.20,542.71,119.03,8.79" target="#b18">(Brown and Eisenhardt 1995)</ref>. A better solution is an indication that the project team was able to focus on the content of important information, generate a better understanding of the competitive landscape, and uncover underlying customer problems to produce a new product that meets customer needs better than competing alternatives. A stronger appreciation of the situation through comprehensive decision making enables the team to be more attuned to market needs and, therefore, less likely to overengineer new products <ref type="bibr" coords="8,356.08,646.21,157.69,8.79" target="#b50">(Rust, Thompson, and Hamilton 2006)</ref>. It is also possible that the benefits associated with a stable NPD project team help alleviate disadvantages associated with comprehensive decision making. For example, as teams work together throughout the duration of the project, they develop shared norms and coordinated transactive memories that may alleviate information overload from a compre-</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>FIGURE 3 The Relationship between Decision-Making Processes and New Product Advantage</head><p>Team-level debate Decision-making comprehensiveness</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Decision-Making Process New Product Advantage</head><p>hensive decision-making process. In brief, our results shed a potentially counterintuitive perspective on the underlying value of comprehensiveness. This echoes the complexities that <ref type="bibr" coords="9,72.38,71.10,55.03,8.79" target="#b35">Miller (2008)</ref> finds between decision-making comprehensiveness and profitability and suggests that comprehensive decision making has more powerful benefits than previously thought <ref type="bibr" coords="9,119.50,106.00,120.28,8.79">(Atuahene-Gima and Li 2004)</ref>.</p><p>Third, we show that an explicit consideration of how project team characteristics affect the team's decision making is critical for a more complete understanding of the project team's role in the NPD process. In particular, our results show that project team stability offers the potential for specialized knowledge exchange through curvilinear relationships to the debate and comprehensive decision making that occurs in cross-functional NPD teams. This calls attention to the need for explicit consideration of structural and process drivers of new product outcomes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Managerial Implications</head><p>This research holds important implications for managers because project teams are often formed with the purpose of sharing information and coordinating specialized knowledge. Failure to perform these processes can result in inferior decisions and weaker products. Of note is the potential impact of the degree of stability in an NPD project team on the team's decision-making effectiveness. Managers have several controllable project team characteristics at their disposal, such as team size, diversity, geographic location, and functional composition. Our research indicates that project team stability also deserves managerial attention because it involves a complex relationship to decision-making processes that requires caution in the design and management of NPD project teams. It is important to note that because project team stability does not solely offer a beneficial influence in the NPD process, managers should be prudent in determining the extent to which project teams should be designed to remain stable.</p><p>Foremost, our research suggests that managers should attempt to form a strong cross-functional team at the initial stage of the project and to limit changes to the team throughout the duration of the project. We acknowledge that it is often difficult for firms to maintain an NPD project team with complete stability. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,176.25,525.11,117.75,8.79" target="#b41">Moreland and Argote (2003)</ref> argue that one of the practices that unwittingly prevents companies from leveraging the knowledge embedded in teams is the failure to control member turnover. Therefore, attempting to build stability into an NPD project team should be one of the first initiatives in designing the team.</p><p>However, the value of stability on decision-making debate and comprehensiveness diminishes at higher levels of stability. Thus, to attain the benefits associated with stability, explicit procedures or practices can be included in the NPD project process to help foster debate and comprehensiveness. For example, use of devil's advocacy and dialectical inquiry (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="9,128.31,664.69,165.68,8.79" target="#b51">Schweiger, Sandberg, and Ragan 1986)</ref> may attenuate the negative effects associated with highly stable NPD teams by infusing constructive conflict and critical evaluation in the formal decision-making process. This can also be achieved by actions that enhance the perceived trust-worthiness, perceived competence, and loyalty among team members. Such a team atmosphere helps address uncertainties about team members' motives, enhances open communication, and allows members to concentrate on the content of information in the decision-making process <ref type="bibr" coords="9,507.96,82.39,50.02,8.79;9,317.99,93.93,53.01,8.79" target="#b5">(Dooley and Fryxell 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Furthermore, managers should not focus solely on project team stability. Rather, they should be conscious of the nature of the decision-making processes through which the benefits of project team stability are to be achieved. Thus, managers must take a more a holistic view of the linkages among a team's structure, important decision-making processes, and resulting outcomes or goals for the project. In view of our results, managers should institute structural arrangements to ensure vibrant team-level debate and decision comprehensiveness in addition to the structure of the team itself. For example, firms can instill training methods or organizational rewards to encourage constructive debate as well as team environments (e.g., separate meeting rooms) that encourage lengthy and comprehensive discussions. These approaches can help alleviate disadvantages associated with higher levels of team stability. Without a holistic perspective, managers must recognize that the benefits of greater project team stability for new product advantage may not necessarily occur.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and Directions for Further Research</head><p>The goal of this research was to elucidate the role of NPD project team stability in the NPD process. Although we offer insight into the complex role of project team stability, our research contains limitations that indicate different avenues for further research.</p><p>First, our measure of project team stability is a subjective measure, in which some items may be interpreted by key informants as either wholly stable or unstable. Further research could address this limitation by pursuing additional measures of stability that are objective or experimentally manipulated. In addition, our measure of NPD project team stability captures the extent to which core team members remain on the project. Thus, consequences from the infusion of instability from the replacement, addition, or elimination of a team member are unknown. Although these latter two examples represent change in team stability over the duration of the project, they also involve change in the size of the team.</p><p>Another possible extension would be to explore implications of stability with other team-specific characteristics and at different stages in the NPD process. For example, the concept of stability can be demarcated from team longevity. Team longevity refers to the length of time team members have worked with one another <ref type="bibr" coords="9,447.08,618.87,49.25,8.79" target="#b27">(Katz 1982)</ref> and can occur across multiple projects. In contrast, project team stability focuses on a single project, referring to the extent to which team members remain for the duration of a specific project. Consequently, pitfalls associated with high levels of team longevity may not necessarily occur for a team that remains highly stable for a specific project. An extension of our study would be to explore the implications of the interaction between team stability and longevity on key team processes and outcomes. It would also be fruitful to understand when it is more valuable to have team stability at different times in the NPD process. For example, understanding whether higher NPD team stability is more valuable during the early conception stages, when generation of many ideas is important, or during the later implementation stages, when buy-in to the strategy and tactics are critical, would be a useful avenue for further research.</p><p>Second, our data are cross-sectional rather than longitudinal. Although this prevents us from testing causality, we do not believe that common method bias is a serious concern in our study. In addition to the efforts we took in the research design to validate the measures, the statistical test for method variance did not reveal any problems. Our use of multiple key informants for different stages of the process model also reduces the problem of common method.</p><p>Third, we rely on data from a sample of Chinese firms from a commercial list provider, which thus limits the generalizability of our results. Specifically, scholars have identified several cultural differences among countries. In collectivist cultures, such as China, people tend to place greater importance on harmony and thus tend to avoid open dissent and direct confrontation in decision making. This tendency, coupled with the high importance given to the maintenance of face for oneself and others, suggests that team debate is more likely to have detrimental effects in China. If this is so, our findings are profound in that they show the facilitating role of debate on decision-making comprehensiveness. Thus, the extent to which our results differ from a sample in more individualist and uncertaintyaccepting cultures is a fertile area for further research.</p><p>Finally, other avenues for further research also exist. One avenue is to explore other new product outcomes to offer additional insight into the value of NPD project team stability. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="10,149.40,427.63,100.80,8.79" target="#b12">Akg端n and Lynn (2002)</ref> show that team stability increases speed to market, which is critical for competitive advantage in many hypercompetitive markets. Although we find an increasing relationship between decision comprehensiveness and new product advantage, the effects from comprehensive decision making may differ for speed to market and thus influence the implications from project team stability. Another product outcome is new Team Stability and New Product Advantage / 105 product creativity. New product creativity is influenced by organization-level knowledge and information (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="10,532.45,47.93,20.44,8.79;10,318.00,59.64,42.69,8.79" target="#b40">Moorman 1995)</ref>, and an underlying tension may exist between new product creativity and the social cohesion among team members <ref type="bibr" coords="10,357.40,83.08,117.91,8.79" target="#b52">(Sethi, Smith, and Park 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Research could also explore the underlying knowledge exchange process in NPD project teams with varying levels of stability as well as the set of possible conditions that may influence the effects from team stability. Although <ref type="bibr" coords="10,528.28,130.95,29.72,8.79;10,318.00,142.67,95.23,8.79" target="#b12">Akg端n, Lynn, and Byrne (2006)</ref> show that beliefs change as an NPD team changes, further research is needed to understand how knowledge is exchanged within NPD project teams and how this changes as team membership changes over the course of a project. Moreover, new techniques for improving team decision making, such as group support systems <ref type="bibr" coords="10,528.56,201.26,29.43,8.79;10,318.00,212.98,70.21,8.79" target="#b26">(Jessup and Tansik 1991)</ref> and the more prevalent use of global virtual teams (Montoya-Weiss, Massey, and Song 2001), indicate the importance of understanding decision-making synergies. This is a critical research direction because several factors (e.g., lack of common syntax, lack of common interpretation of information, distinct functional knowledge in use) impede effectively developing a shared understanding in cross-functional NPD teams. Thus, greater understanding into how project team stability can increase the information processing capacity of a team offers an important avenue for further research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusions</head><p>This research provides an important initial step toward understanding that though the cross-functional composition of NPD teams offers the potential for specialized knowledge sharing, the stability of the team is an important driver in the extent to which this potential is realized. Our core findings alert scholars to appreciate fully the underlying complex relationships that can be driven by structural coordination mechanisms in the NPD process and to recognize the potential differential power of various team structures and decision-making processes. Further research should continue to explore the process activities and mechanisms through which stability and other potential team structures can affect NPD project outcomes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Construct</head><p>Description l t-Value Project Team Stability AVE = .52 CR = .84</p><p>Department managers on the project team remained from beginning to end.</p><p>Project team members remained from beginning to end.</p><p>For the duration of the project there were no changes in the core team members.</p><p>Project leader who started the project remained on from beginning to end.</p><p>Team membership was stable, core members did not come and go during the project.</p><p>. The quality of the product compared well with similar competitor products.</p><p>The product was of higher quality than competing products available to customers.</p><p>The product solved problems customers had with competitor products.</p><p>The product offered unique benefits to customers.</p><p>The product performance met established standards better than competition. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,54.00,576.04,503.99,148.02"><head>TAbLE 1 Descriptive</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Statistics and Correlation AnalysisNotes: Correlations of latent variables  .14 are significant at p &lt; .05. Diagonal (bold) elements are square roots of the AVE; note that AVE is not applicable for single-item measures (i.e., team size, project duration, and R&amp;D intensity). N.A. = not applicable.</figDesc><table coords="6,58.47,606.76,484.50,94.53">M 
SD 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 

1. Project team stability 
3.69 
.79 
.72 
2. Decision comprehensiveness 3.91 
.75 
.47 
.79 
3. Team-level debate 
3.64 
.78 
.31 
.48 
.82 
4. New product advantage 
3.92 
.60 
.33 
.53 
.32 
.75 
5. Team size 
5.01 
2.82 
.03 
.11 
.11 
.13 
N.A. 
6. Project duration 
5.04 
2.95 
-.13 
.01 
-.03 
.06 
.16 
N.A. 
7. Marketing investment 
3.60 
.99 
.23 
.34 
.27 
.34 
-.08 
-.08 
.84 
8. R&amp;D intensity 
3.71 
.84 
.39 
.53 
.26 
.49 
-.03 
-.09 
.23 
N.A. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,54.00,36.31,238.75,467.52"><head>TAbLE 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="7,54.00,47.81,238.75,456.02">Structural Results 

Path 
Hypothesized Paths 
Coefficients 

Project Team Stability on Decision-Making 
Processes 
H 1 : Project team stability AE 
team-level debate 
.36** 
H 1 : (Project team stability) 2 AE 
team-level debate 
-.13* 
H 2 : Project team stability AE 
decision-making comprehensiveness 
.42** 
H 2 : (Project team stability) 2 AE 
decision-making comprehensiveness 
-.11* 
Effects of Decision-Making Processes 
H 3 : Team-level debate AE 
decision-making comprehensiveness 
.35** 
H 4 : Team-level debate AE 
new product advantage 
-.01 
H 4 : (Team-level debate) 2 AE 
new product advantage 
.06 
H 5 : Decision-making comprehensiveness AE 
new product advantage 
-.25 
H 5 : (Decision-making comprehensiveness) 2 AE 
new product advantage 
.59* 
Control Variables 
Team size AE 
team-level debate 
.10* 
Team size AE 
decision-making comprehensiveness 
.05 
Project duration AE 
team-level debate 
-.01 
Project duration AE 
decision-making comprehensiveness 
.06 
Marketing investment AE 
new product advantage 
.17** 
R&amp;D intensity AE 
new product advantage 
.26** 
Explained Variance 
Team-level debate 
.12 
Decision-making comprehensiveness 
.36 
New product advantage 
.38 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="10,53.97,540.68,493.50,179.13"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>In making decisions in the project, Team members showed disagreement about different goal priorities of the project.Team members had heated debates over the best ways to ensure project success.Team members showed dissent over the objectives of the project.In making decisions in the project, we Developed many alternative courses of action.Used multiple criteria for eliminating possible courses of action.Engaged in extensive and in-depth analysis of all available strategic options.Thoroughly examined multiple explanations for problems or opportunities.To what extent does your firm compare with your major competitors on the following: Investments in marketing research.Investments in brand building and advertising.</figDesc><table coords="10,53.97,540.68,493.50,179.13">68 
.81 

.77 
.65 

.68 

13.7 
24.3 

24.1 
11.3 

13.6 

Team-Level Debate 
AVE = .67 
CR = .86 

.79 

.83 
.82 

12.7 

23.0 
22.9 

APPENDIX 
Measurement Results 
Construct 
Description 
l 
t-Value 

Decision-Making 
Comprehensiveness 
AVE = .62 
CR = .87 

.79 
.76 
.77 
.82 

27.6 
22.7 
18.4 
30.7 

Marketing Investment 
AVE = .71 
CR = .87 

.91 
.77 

32.2 
12.2 

New Product Advantage 
AVE = .56 
CR = .87 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">We eliminated 13 cases for which project duration was longer than 15 months to reduce potential bias associated with informant recall of the decision-making processes that occurred during the project.2  We derive 5% as an appropriate alpha level for our PLS analysis using<ref type="bibr" coords="6,90.58,545.09,106.81,7.91" target="#b42">Murphy and Myors's (2004)</ref> statistical power analysis program and therefore judge statistical significance at 5% and 1%.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Copyright of Journal of Marketing is the property of American Marketing Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="11,54.00,252.27,504.00,7.57;11,79.50,261.27,212.05,7.57" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Notes: All items rely on five-point scales (1 = &quot;strongly disagree,&quot; and 5 = &quot;strongly agree&quot;). CR = composite reliability. The results are based on bootstrapping resampling estimation using 200 samples</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,318.00,307.96,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,318.39,183.20,7.91;11,318.00,329.81,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,340.24,113.76,7.91" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge Acquisition as a Social Phenomenon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><surname>Carley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Instructional Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,318.00,351.66,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,362.09,228.00,7.91;11,330.00,372.51,138.29,7.91" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Pragmatic View of Knowledge and Boundaries: Boundary Objects in New Product Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Carlile</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="442" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,318.00,383.94,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,394.36,228.00,7.91;11,330.00,404.78,228.00,7.91;11,330.00,415.21,192.84,7.91" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Knowledge Dimensions and Cross-Functional Collaboration: Examining the Different Routes to Product Innovation Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">De</forename><surname>Luca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Luigi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kwaku</forename><surname>Atuahene-Gima</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="2007-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,318.00,426.63,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,437.06,228.00,7.91;11,330.00,447.48,219.37,7.91" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does Decision Process Matter? A Study of Strategic Decision-Making Effectiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Dean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Mark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sharfman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="368" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,318.00,458.91,240.00,7.91;11,330.00,469.33,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,479.76,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,490.18,218.60,7.91" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attaining Decision Quality and Commitment from Dissent: The Moderating Effects of Loyalty and Competence in Strategic Decision-Making Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Dooley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gerald</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Fryxell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="389" to="402" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,501.60,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,512.03,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,522.45,48.97,7.91" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interpretative Barriers to Successful Product Innovation in Large Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Deborah</forename><surname>Dougherty</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="202" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,533.88,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,544.30,128.19,7.91" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An Introduction to the Bootstrap</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Efron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tibshirani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<publisher>Chapman &amp; Hall</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,555.73,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,566.15,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,576.58,88.44,7.91" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making Fast Strategic Decisions in High-Velocity Environments</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Eisenhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="543" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,588.00,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,598.42,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,608.85,168.67,7.91" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alive and Well After 25 Years: A Review of Groupthink Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Esser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2-3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="116" to="157" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,620.27,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,630.70,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,641.12,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,651.55,77.68,7.91;11,317.99,662.97,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,673.40,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,683.82,223.47,7.91" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluating Structural Equation Models with Unobservable Variables and Measurement Error</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claes</forename><surname>Fornell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fred</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bookstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Larcker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1981-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,317.99,695.24,240.00,7.91;11,329.99,705.67,228.00,7.91;11,329.99,716.09,208.24,7.91" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Comprehensiveness of Strategic Decision Processes: Extension, Observations, Future Directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Fredrickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="445" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,54.00,308.24,240.00,7.91;11,66.00,318.44,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,328.63,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,338.83,175.92,7.91;11,54.00,349.02,240.00,7.91;11,66.00,359.22,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,369.42,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,379.61,53.46,7.91;11,54.00,389.81,240.00,7.91;11,66.00,400.01,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,410.20,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,420.40,24.75,7.91" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge Networks in New Product Development Projects: A Transactive Memory Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ali</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Akg端n</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Byrne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Halit</forename><surname>Keskin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Salih</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Imamoglu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lynn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Engineering and Technology Management</title>
		<editor>John C. Byrne</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Product Innovation Management</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,54.00,430.60,240.00,7.91;11,66.00,440.79,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,450.99,228.00,7.91;11,66.00,461.18,164.15,7.91" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Distinguishing the Effects of Functional and Dysfunctional Conflict on Strategic Decision Making: Resolving a Paradox for Top Management Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allen</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Amason</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="171" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,54.00,471.38,240.00,7.91;11,65.99,481.58,228.00,7.91;11,65.99,491.77,211.11,7.91" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge Transfer: A Basis for Competitive Advantage in Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Linda</forename><surname>Argote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Ingram</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="150" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,53.99,501.97,240.00,7.91;11,65.99,512.17,228.00,7.91;11,65.99,522.36,228.00,7.91;11,65.99,532.56,108.40,7.91;11,53.99,542.75,239.99,7.91;11,65.99,552.95,228.00,7.91;11,65.98,563.15,227.99,7.91;11,65.97,573.34,53.47,7.91;11,53.97,583.54,240.00,7.91;11,65.97,593.74,228.01,7.91;11,65.97,603.93,227.99,7.91;11,65.97,614.13,44.47,7.91" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Centrifugal and Centripetal Forces on Product Development Speed and Quality: How Does Problem Solving Matter?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kwaku</forename><surname>Atuahene-Gima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>1269-84. ---and Haiyang Li</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<editor>Felicitas Evangelista</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="583" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Management Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,53.97,624.32,239.99,7.91;11,65.96,634.52,227.99,7.91;11,65.95,644.72,51.44,7.91" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why Some R&amp;D Organizations Are More Productive Than Others</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alden</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bean</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research-Technology Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="25" to="29" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,53.95,654.91,240.00,7.91;11,65.95,665.11,228.00,7.91;11,65.94,675.30,228.00,7.91;11,65.94,685.50,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Decision Process in High Velocity Environments: Four Cases in the Microcomputer Industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bourgeois</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Eisenhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="816" to="851" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,53.94,695.70,240.00,7.91;11,65.93,705.89,228.01,7.91;11,65.94,716.09,226.16,7.91" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product Development: Past Research, Present Findings, and Future Directions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shona</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Eisenhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,54.00,36.19,240.00,7.91;12,66.00,46.34,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,56.48,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,66.63,92.94,7.91" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Decision Processes: Comprehensiveness and Performance in an Industry with an Unstable Environment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">---</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terence</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="399" to="423" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,54.00,76.78,240.00,7.91;12,66.00,86.93,215.75,7.91" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a Knowledge-Based Theory of the Firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="109" to="122" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,54.00,97.07,240.00,7.91;12,66.00,107.22,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,117.37,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,127.52,88.14,7.91" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Patterns of Communication Among Marketing, Engineering, and Manufacturing: A Comparison Between Two New Product Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Abbie</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hauser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="360" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,54.00,137.67,240.00,7.91;12,66.00,147.81,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,157.96,220.85,7.91" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Search-Transfer Problem: The Role of Weak Ties in Sharing Knowledge Across Organization Subunits</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Morten</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="82" to="111" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,54.00,168.11,240.00,7.91;12,66.00,178.26,228.00,7.91;12,66.00,188.41,211.28,7.91" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Use of Partial Least Squares (PLS) in Strategic Management Research: A Review of Four Recent Studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Hulland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="204" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,198.55,229.11,7.91" xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Irving</forename><surname>Janis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<pubPlace>Groupthink. New York; Houghton Mifflin</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,208.70,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,218.85,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,229.00,115.11,7.91" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Multimethod Examination of the Benefits and Detriments of Intragroup Conflict</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jehn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="256" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,239.14,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,249.29,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,259.44,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,269.59,109.12,7.91" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decision Making in an Automated Environment: The Effects of Anonymity and Proximity with a Group Decision Support System</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leonard</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Jessup</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tansik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Decision Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="266" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,279.74,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,289.88,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,300.03,96.15,7.91" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Group Longevity on Project Communication and Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ralph</forename><surname>Katz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,310.18,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,320.33,165.43,7.91" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">When Teams Work Best</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><forename type="middle">M J</forename><surname>Lafasto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carl</forename><surname>Larson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,330.47,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,340.62,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,350.77,36.72,7.91" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lave</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Cognition in Practice: Mind, Mathematics, and Culture in Everyday Life</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,360.92,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,371.07,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,381.21,86.38,7.91" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Tacit Knowledge in Group Innovation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dorothy</forename><surname>Leonard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sylvia</forename><surname>Sensiper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">California Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="112" to="144" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,391.36,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,401.51,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,411.66,184.52,7.91;12,53.99,421.80,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,431.95,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,442.10,112.62,7.91" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge and Performance in Knowledge-Worker Teams: A Longitudinal Study of Transactive Memory Systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kyle</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Transactive Memory Systems, Learning, and Learning Transfer</title>
		<editor>Donald Lange, and Lynette Gillis</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="581" to="98" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Management Science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,452.25,240.00,7.91;12,65.99,462.40,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,472.54,228.00,7.91;12,65.99,482.69,92.56,7.91" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-Functional &apos;Coopetition&apos;: The Simultaneous Role of Cooperation and Competition Within Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Xueming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xing</forename><surname>Slotegraaf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Pan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.99,492.84,240.00,7.91;12,65.98,502.99,228.00,7.91;12,65.98,513.13,131.14,7.91" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Intelligence Dissemination Across Functional Boundaries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eliot</forename><surname>Maltz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajay</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kohli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="47" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.98,523.28,240.00,7.91;12,65.98,533.43,132.82,7.91;12,53.98,543.58,240.00,7.91;12,65.98,553.73,210.69,7.91" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Time and Human Interaction: Toward a Social Psychology of Time</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mcgrath</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J.R. Kelly</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Guilford</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Englewood Cliffs, NJ; New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Groups: Interaction and Performance</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.97,563.87,240.00,7.91;12,65.97,574.02,228.00,7.91;12,65.96,584.17,192.89,7.91;12,53.96,594.32,239.99,7.91;12,65.95,604.46,227.99,7.91;12,65.94,614.61,227.99,7.91;12,65.93,624.76,51.44,7.91;12,53.93,634.91,240.00,7.91;12,65.93,645.05,228.00,7.91;12,65.93,655.20,142.22,7.91" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive Diversity Among Upper-Echelon Executives: Implications for Strategic Decision Processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chet ; Linda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Burke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<editor>Laura B. Cardinal, and William H. Glick</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="189" to="204" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Strategic Management Journal</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.93,665.35,239.99,7.91;12,65.92,675.50,227.99,7.91;12,65.91,685.64,228.00,7.91;12,65.91,695.79,88.44,7.91" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategy Process and Content as Mediators Between Organizational Context and Structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Danny</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cornelia</forename><surname>Droge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jean-Marie</forename><surname>Toulouse</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="544" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,53.91,705.94,239.99,7.91;12,65.90,716.09,228.00,7.91;12,368.18,749.34,189.82,9.06" xml:id="b37">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Role of Openness to Cognitive Diversity and Group Pro-Team Stability and New Product Advantage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Nicholas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brendan</forename><surname>Boyle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="page">107</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,330.00,36.19,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,46.55,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">cesses in Knowledge Creation</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Small Group Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="535" to="54" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,318.00,57.90,240.00,7.91;12,330.00,68.26,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,78.62,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,88.98,125.72,7.91" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Getting It Together: Temporal Coordination and Conflict Management in Global Virtual Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mitzi</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Montoya-Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Massey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1251" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,318.00,100.34,240.00,7.91;12,330.00,110.69,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,121.05,194.77,7.91" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Organizational Market Information Processes: Cultural Antecedents and New Product Outcomes</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995-08" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="318" to="353" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,318.00,132.41,240.00,7.91;12,330.00,142.77,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,153.12,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,163.48,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,173.84,38.96,7.91" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Transactive Memory in Dynamic Organizations,&quot; in Leading and Managing People in the Dynamic Organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Moreland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Linda</forename><surname>Argote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Lawrence Erlbaum Associates</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="31" />
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,318.00,185.20,240.00,7.91;12,330.00,195.64,228.00,7.72;12,330.00,205.91,228.00,7.91;12,330.00,216.27,40.73,7.91" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Statistical Power Analysis: A Simple and General Model for Traditional and Modern Hypothesis Tests</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brett</forename><surname>Myors</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,318.00,227.63,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,237.99,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,248.35,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,258.70,55.94,7.91" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Dilution Effect: Nondiagnostic Information Weakens the Implications of Diagnostic Information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nisbett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henry</forename><surname>Zukier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lemley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognitive Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="248" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,270.06,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,280.42,212.10,7.91" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Dynamic Theory of Organizational Knowledge Creation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ikujiro</forename><surname>Nonaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,291.78,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,302.13,51.09,7.91" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jum</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Nunnally</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Psychometric Theory</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>McGraw-Hill</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2d ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,313.49,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,323.85,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,334.21,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,344.57,87.15,7.91" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the Black Box: An Analysis of Work Group Diversity, Conflict, and Performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Pelled</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kathleen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katherine</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Eisenhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Xin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,355.92,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,366.28,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,376.64,155.05,7.91" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Parsimonious Estimating Technique for Interaction and Quadratic Latent Variables</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ping</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="336" to="383" />
			<date type="published" when="1995-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,388.00,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,398.36,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,408.71,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,419.07,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,429.43,33.75,7.91" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Common Method Biases in Behavioral Research: A Critical Review of the Literature and Recommended Remedies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nathan</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Podsakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,440.79,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,451.15,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,461.50,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,471.86,88.44,7.91" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">More Than Network Structure: How Knowledge Heterogeneity Influences Managerial Performance and Innovativeness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Rodan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Galunic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="541" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,483.22,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,493.58,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,503.93,86.38,7.91" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Defeating Feature Fatigue</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roland</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Rust</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Debora</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rebecca</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hamilton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="98" to="107" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,515.29,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,525.65,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,536.01,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,546.37,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,556.72,83.94,7.91" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Group Approaches for Improving Strategic Decision Making: A Comparative Analysis of Dialectical Inquiry, Devil&apos;s Advocacy, and Consensus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Schweiger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>William</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Sandberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ragan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.99,568.08,240.00,7.91;12,329.99,578.44,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,588.80,228.00,7.91;12,329.99,599.16,141.54,7.91" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-Functional Product Development Teams, Creativity, and the Innovativeness of New Consumer Products</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sethi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rajesh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001-02" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="85" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.98,610.51,240.00,7.91;12,329.98,620.87,227.51,7.91;12,329.98,631.23,185.09,7.91" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Centrifugal and Centripetal Forces in Radical New Product Development Under Time Pressure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Willow</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sheremata</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="389" to="408" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.98,642.59,240.00,7.91;12,329.98,652.94,228.00,7.91;12,329.98,663.30,228.00,7.91;12,329.98,673.66,108.40,7.91" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making Use of Difference: Diversity, Debate, and Decision Comprehensiveness in Top Management Teams</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tony</forename><surname>Simons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Pelled</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ken</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="662" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,317.98,685.02,240.00,7.91;12,329.98,695.38,228.00,7.91;12,329.98,705.73,228.00,7.91;12,329.98,716.09,29.25,7.91" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Groups Under Uncertainty: An Examination of Confidence in Group Decision Making</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Janet</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sniezek</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="124" to="55" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,54.00,36.19,240.00,7.91;13,66.00,46.19,228.00,7.91;13,66.00,56.19,228.00,7.91;13,66.00,66.19,101.93,7.91" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Discovery of Hidden Profiles by Decision-Making Groups: Solving a Problem Versus Making a Judgment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Garold</forename><surname>Stasser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dennis</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="426" to="460" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,54.00,76.19,240.00,7.91;13,66.00,86.19,228.00,7.91;13,66.00,96.19,216.74,7.91;13,54.00,106.19,240.00,7.91;13,66.00,116.19,228.00,7.91;13,66.00,126.19,166.65,7.91" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exploring Internal Stickiness: Impediments to the Transfer of Best Practice Within the Firm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gabriel</forename><surname>Szulanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Winter Special Issue</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Strategic Management Journal</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,70.18,749.34,142.43,9.06" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,318.00,36.19,240.00,7.91;13,330.00,46.19,228.00,7.91;13,330.00,56.19,228.00,7.91;13,330.00,66.19,219.75,7.91" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Decision Making in Start-Ups: The Effect of Top Management Team Organization and Processes on Speed and Comprehensiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Till</forename><surname>Talaulicar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jens</forename><surname>Grundei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Axel</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Merder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Business Venturing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="519" to="560" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,318.00,76.19,240.00,7.91;13,330.00,86.19,176.98,7.91" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Developmental Sequence in Small Groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Tuckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="384" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="1965" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,318.00,96.19,240.00,7.91;13,330.00,106.19,228.00,7.91;13,330.00,116.19,164.15,7.91" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Competition, Capabilities, and the Make, Buy, or Ally Decisions of Chinese State-Owned Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="324" to="365" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,318.00,126.19,240.00,7.91;13,330.00,136.19,228.00,7.91;13,330.00,146.19,145.04,7.91" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Partial Least Squares</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Herman</forename><surname>Wold</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Encyclopedia of Statistical Sciences</title>
		<editor>S. Kotz and N.L. Johnson</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="581" to="91" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
