<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">PERSONALITY PROCESSES AND INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES Desired Emotions Across Cultures: A Value-Based Account</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2016">2016</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maya</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
							<email>tamirm@mscc.huji.ac.il</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shalom</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><surname>Cieciuch</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michaela</forename><surname>Riediger</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claudio</forename><surname>Torres</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christie</forename><surname>Scollon</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vivian</forename><surname>Dzokoto</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xiaolu</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Allon</forename><surname>Vishkin</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maya</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claudio</forename><surname>Torres</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">The Hebrew University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">The Hebrew University and National Research University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Max Planck Institute for Human Development</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Berlin</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Brasilia</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff5">
								<orgName type="institution">Singapore Management University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff6">
								<orgName type="institution">Virginia Commonwealth University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff7">
								<orgName type="institution">Shanghai Normal University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff8">
								<orgName type="institution">The Hebrew University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff9">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">International Laboratory for Sociocultural Research</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The Hebrew University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>The Hebrew University; Shalom H. Schwartz, Higher School of Eco-nomics</addrLine>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff10">
								<orgName type="department">Institute of Psychology, Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński University in Warsaw; Michaela Riediger, the Max Planck Institute for Human Development</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">National Research University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Jan Cieciuch</addrLine>
									<settlement>Moscow, Berlin</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff11">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Psychology, University of Brasilia; Christie Scollon, School of Social Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of African American Studies</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">Department of Management</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep4">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="laboratory">Shanghai Nor-mal University; Allon Vishkin</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Singapore Management University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Viv-ian Dzokoto, Virginia Common-wealth University; Xiaolu Zhou</addrLine>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff12">
								<orgName type="institution">The Hebrew University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff13">
								<orgName type="department">Institute for Human Development</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Berlin</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff14">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>The Hebrew University of Jerusa-lem, Mount Scopus</addrLine>
									<postCode>91905</postCode>
									<settlement>Jerusalem</settlement>
									<country key="IL">Israel</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">PERSONALITY PROCESSES AND INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES Desired Emotions Across Cultures: A Value-Based Account</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="82"/>
							<date type="published" when="2016">2016</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/pspp0000072</idno>
					<note>Emotions are among the most powerful of human experiences. They inform us about our state in the world, propel us to take action, and influence our interactions with others (e.g., Barrett, 2012; Ekman &amp; Davidson, 1994; Ellsworth &amp; Scherer, 2003; Frijda, 1986). It is not surprising, therefore, that emotions them-selves can be the object of desire (e.g., Eid &amp; Diener, 2001; Izard, 1971; Tamir, Bigman, Rhodes, Salerno, &amp; Schreier, 2015). The emotions people desire, in turn, can determine the direction in This article was published Online First November 2, 2015. Michaela Riediger is now at Free University Berlin and the Max Planck We thank Jeanne Tsai for her helpful feedback. Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Maya Tamir, This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. 0022-3514/16/$12.00 67</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:19+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>emotion</term>
					<term>emotion regulation</term>
					<term>motivation</term>
					<term>values</term>
					<term>culture</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Values reflect how people want to experience the world; emotions reflect how people actually experience the world. Therefore, we propose that across cultures people desire emotions that are consistent with their values. Whereas prior research focused on the desirability of specific affective states or 1 or 2 target emotions, we offer a broader account of desired emotions. After reporting initial evidence for the potential causal effects of values on desired emotions in a preliminary study (N ϭ 200), we tested the predictions of our proposed model in 8 samples (N ϭ 2,328) from distinct world cultural regions. Across cultural samples, we found that people who endorsed values of self-transcendence (e.g., benevolence) wanted to feel more empathy and compassion, people who endorsed values of self-enhancement (e.g., power) wanted to feel more anger and pride, people who endorsed values of openness to change (e.g., self-direction) wanted to feel more interest and excitement, and people who endorsed values of conservation (e.g., tradition) wanted to feel more calmness and less fear. These patterns were independent of differences in emotional experience. We discuss the implications of our value-based account of desired emotions for understanding emotion regulation, culture, and other individual differences.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>which people regulate their emotions and ultimately influence how people feel (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,113.79,88.04,174.26,7.91" target="#b58">Millgram, Joormann, Huppert, &amp; Tamir, 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,48.00,99.04,190.98,7.91" target="#b84">Tamir, Bigman, Rhodes, Salerno, &amp; Schreier, 2015)</ref>. It is important, therefore, to understand what underlies the desirability of emotions. In this investigation, we suggest that across cultures people desire emotions that are consistent with their core values.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Desired Emotions Within and Across Contexts: Goals Versus Values</head><p>The desirability of emotions could be a function of goals that are activated either within or across contexts. Specific contexts dictate a given state of the world and make certain goals more salient than others. Within contexts, therefore, the desirability of emotions may depend on the extent to which they promote the attainment of the salient goal at hand. For example, instructing participants to confront (vs. collaborate) with another in a negotiation increased the temporary desirability of anger <ref type="bibr" coords="2,163.91,660.04,78.81,7.91" target="#b85">(Tamir &amp; Ford, 2012)</ref>. Such studies demonstrate that within contexts, people desire emotions that are linked to goals that are salient in that context. Across contexts, however, desired emotions are no longer constrained by a specific state of the world or by specific situational demands. The desirability of emotions across contexts may depend on how people want to see the world and on the goals they believe should be prioritized. Across contexts, therefore, the desirability of an emotion should increase to the extent that it reflects a desirable state of the world that is consistent with prioritized goals. Personal values reflect such prioritized goals.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Values as an Organizing Framework</head><p>Values reflect abstract goals that transcend specific situations, vary in importance, and guide evaluations and behavior of individuals and groups <ref type="bibr" coords="2,401.42,187.79,104.08,7.91" target="#b75">(Schwartz &amp; Bilsky, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,510.29,187.79,35.74,7.91;2,306.00,198.79,19.37,7.91" target="#b73">Schwartz, 1992)</ref>. Values reflect preferences for what ideally ought to be. The theory of basic values <ref type="bibr" coords="2,385.92,209.79,61.71,7.91" target="#b73">(Schwartz, 1992)</ref> identifies key categories of values that reflect basic requirements of human existence. These values are organized around a circular continuum according to the conflict and compatibility among the motivations they express <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.00,253.79,62.23,7.91" target="#b73">(Schwartz, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,371.23,253.79,79.34,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al., 2012)</ref>.</p><p>The theory of basic values has highlighted four higher order categories of values (see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,399.97,275.79,59.36,7.91" target="#b73">Schwartz, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,462.45,275.79,79.73,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al., 2012)</ref>. First, values that concern self-transcendence reflect a motivation to connect with others and transcend selfish concerns. These values include universalism and benevolence. Second, values that concern self-enhancement 1 reflect a motivation to promote selfinterests, even at the expense of others. These values include achievement and power. Third, values that concern openness to change reflect a general motivation to explore, discover, and approach novelty. These values include self-direction, stimulation, and hedonism. Fourth, values that concern conservation reflect a motivation to preserve and protect the status quo. These values include security, tradition, conformity, humility, and face.</p><p>These categories of values differ in terms of the content and the direction of the motivational concerns they reflect. In terms of motivational content, self-transcendence and self-enhancement are values that reflect the way people regulate the self (i.e., selfregulating values), whereas openness and conservation are values that reflect the way people regulate change (i.e., change-regulating values). In terms of motivational direction, self-transcendence and openness are values that reflect a preference for active engagement (i.e., engagement values), whereas self-enhancement and conservation are values that reflect a preference for disengagement (i.e., disengagement values; see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,406.89,517.79,58.41,7.91" target="#b73">Schwartz, 1992)</ref>. Because they represent a motivational continuum, these four categories of values capture key concerns in human motivation.</p><p>Similar to values, emotions also reflect motivational concerns (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,326.50,561.79,99.01,7.91" target="#b24">Ellsworth &amp; Scherer, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,427.77,561.79,46.51,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,476.54,561.79,57.38,7.91" target="#b67">Roseman, 2001)</ref>. If certain emotions map on to certain values, the more people endorse a certain value, the more they should desire the emotion that is consistent with it.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Value-Consistent Emotions</head><p>Several emotions have been consistently identified with the successful attainment of the target values described above. We compiled prominent examples of such emotions based on a review of functional and appraisal theories of emotion (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,241.28,88.04,46.76,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,99.04,84.21,7.91" target="#b45">Keltner &amp; Gross, 1999)</ref>. To test the value-based account, our goal was to identify several representative emotions that are particularly relevant to the attainment of each value, rather than to produce a comprehensive list of all potentially relevant emotions. We identified several such candidates based on core themes and proposed functions of emotions, regardless of considerations of valence or arousal. <ref type="table" coords="3,78.79,165.04,27.54,7.91">Table 1</ref> presents these examples of value-consistent emotions that we discuss in further detail below.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Emotions That Reflect Self-Transcendence or Self-Enhancement</head><p>Emotions have been linked to key modes of interacting with others (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,93.53,240.04,59.89,7.91" target="#b15">DeRivera, 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,156.07,240.04,80.38,7.91" target="#b46">Keltner &amp; Haidt, 1999</ref>, varying in the extent to which they signal social engagement versus disengagement <ref type="bibr" coords="3,108.13,262.04,161.77,7.91" target="#b48">(Kitayama, Markus, &amp; Kurokawa, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,276.04,262.04,8.00,7.91;3,48.00,273.04,145.86,7.91" target="#b49">Kitayama, Mesquita, &amp; Karasawa, 2006)</ref>. Several emotions have been linked consistently to self-transcendence. First, love and trust play a primary role in interpersonal attachment. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,306.04,50.52,7.91" target="#b5">Bowlby (1969</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,102.42,306.04,15.58,7.91">Bowlby ( /1982</ref>, love and affection propel close and intimate proximity to others, and trust enables the maintenance of such bonds, when experienced as a source of security (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="3,260.79,328.04,27.24,7.91;3,48.00,339.04,97.38,7.91" target="#b80">Shaver, Hazan, &amp; Bradshaw, 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,147.51,339.04,101.14,7.91" target="#b81">Shaver &amp; Mikulincer, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,250.78,339.04,37.24,7.91;3,48.00,350.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b83">Sternberg, 1988)</ref>. Whereas love facilitates attraction and commitment to others, trust facilitates the maintenance of satisfying relationships based on reciprocal concerns <ref type="bibr" coords="3,157.44,372.04,96.60,7.91" target="#b40">(Holmes &amp; Rempel, 1989)</ref>.</p><p>Relational engagement entails both attachment and caregiving <ref type="bibr" coords="3,48.00,394.04,58.59,7.91" target="#b5">(Bowlby, (1969</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,110.63,394.04,16.18,7.91">(Bowlby, ( /1982</ref> and concerns the motivation to provide support and protection to others. Empathy and compassion facilitate caregiving. Indeed, many scholars have argued that empathy (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,328.00,99.04,51.51,7.91" target="#b4">Batson, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.27,99.04,99.52,7.91" target="#b19">Eisenberg &amp; Miller, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,486.55,99.04,59.49,7.91" target="#b39">Hoffman, 1982)</ref> and compassion <ref type="bibr" coords="3,367.32,110.04,149.19,7.91" target="#b32">(Goetz, Keltner, &amp; Simon-Thomas, 2010</ref>) play a crucial role in motivating and facilitating all forms of prosocial behavior. Because love, trust, empathy, and compassion reflect successful self-transcendence, we predicted that the more people endorse self-transcendence values, the more they desire such emotions.</p><p>Whereas some emotions are linked to self-transcendence, other emotions are linked to self-enhancement and social disengagement <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,198.04,78.77,7.91" target="#b48">(Kitayama et al., 2000</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,391.18,198.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b49">(Kitayama et al., , 2006</ref>. Such emotions are those that reflect social dominance, an internal locus of control and high self-control <ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,220.04,136.28,7.91" target="#b71">(Scherer, Schorr, &amp; Johnstone, 2001)</ref>. In particular, pride, anger, and contempt, reflect perceptions of power and dominance, and separate the self from others (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,443.27,242.04,102.78,7.91" target="#b26">Fischer &amp; Roseman, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,253.04,47.48,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,356.72,253.04,81.56,7.91" target="#b49">Kitayama et al., 2006)</ref>. Pride reflects personal success and promotes power and social status <ref type="bibr" coords="3,477.80,264.04,68.23,7.91;3,306.00,275.04,91.12,7.91" target="#b90">(Tracy, Weidman, Cheng, &amp; Martens, 2014)</ref>. Pride promotes self-esteem and propels further achievements (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,414.14,286.04,59.72,7.91" target="#b87">Tangney, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,479.34,286.04,66.70,7.91;3,306.00,297.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b89">Tracy &amp; Robins, 2007)</ref>. Consistent with our analysis, some have proposed that the functions of pride are opposite to those of compassion <ref type="bibr" coords="3,519.79,308.04,26.24,7.91;3,306.00,319.04,97.00,7.91" target="#b61">(Oveis, Horberg, &amp; Keltner, 2010)</ref>. Whereas compassion motivates caretaking behavior, pride promotes establishing and maintaining power hierarchies.</p><p>Unlike pride, anger arises in response to an actual or impending offense by others. Yet, like pride, anger reflects the belief that one has the ability to control such offenses and it serves to facilitate the restoration of power and dominance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,472.44,385.03,44.49,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,525.52,385.03,16.40,7.91" target="#b29">Frijda, , 1993</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,396.03,91.34,7.91" target="#b30">Frijda &amp; Mesquita, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,399.53,396.03,58.44,7.91" target="#b67">Roseman, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,460.17,396.03,51.30,7.91" target="#b69">Scherer, 1984)</ref>. Perhaps more than any other emotion, anger as well as hostility motivate the active restoration of power and control <ref type="bibr" coords="3,468.63,418.03,57.23,7.91" target="#b17">(de Wall, 1982)</ref>. Because pride and anger reflect successful self-enhancement, we predicted that the more people endorse self-enhancement values, the more they desire such emotions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Emotions That Reflect Openness to Change or Conservation</head><p>Emotions also vary in the extent to which they reflect successful engagement with desired stimuli versus disengagement from undesired stimuli (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,389.61,528.04,95.60,7.91" target="#b11">Carver &amp; Scheier, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,490.00,528.04,56.04,7.91" target="#b36">Higgins, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,306.00,539.04,57.68,7.91" target="#b67">Roseman, 2001)</ref>. Two types of emotions have been linked consistently to distinct stages of openness to change. Emotions such as interest and curiosity motivate exploration and seeking of novel stimuli (for a review, see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,396.77,572.04,44.64,7.91" target="#b82">Silvia, 2008)</ref>. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="3,496.29,572.04,46.00,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda (1986)</ref>, curiosity reflects openness and orients people toward novelty, enabling them to identify potential rewards. Once rewards are identified, emotions such as excitement and enthusiasm propel active engagement with them. The role of excitement in approach behavior has been demonstrated empirically both at the behavioral and at the neurological levels (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,451.78,638.04,52.42,7.91" target="#b10">Carver, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,509.37,638.04,36.67,7.91;3,306.00,649.04,53.22,7.91" target="#b12">Carver &amp; Scheier, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,362.70,649.04,47.73,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,413.91,649.04,128.15,7.91;3,306.00,660.04,46.75,7.91" target="#b34">Harmon-Jones, Price, Gable, &amp; Peterson, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,354.75,660.04,53.26,7.91" target="#b36">Higgins, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,410.01,660.04,98.26,7.91" target="#b50">Knutson &amp; Wimmer, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,510.27,660.04,35.75,7.91;3,306.00,671.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b66">Roseman, 1984)</ref>. Because emotions such as interest and excitement signal openness, we predicted that the more people endorse openness values, the more they desire such emotions.</p><p>Emotions are similarly linked to conservation. In particular, emotions such as calmness and relief reflect the successful avoid- <ref type="table" coords="3,48.00,420.50,27.99,7.91">Table 1</ref> Value-Consistent Emotions, as a Function of Engagement Versus Disengagement by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,145.97,442.58,43.99,7.72;3,48.00,453.58,97.99,7.72">Self-Versus Change-Regulating Values</ref> This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>ance of potential threats and promote inaction (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,238.23,77.04,49.80,7.91" target="#b10">Carver, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.00,88.04,90.82,7.91" target="#b11">Carver &amp; Scheier, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,142.01,88.04,47.45,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,192.66,88.04,58.32,7.91" target="#b67">Roseman, 2001)</ref>. Because emotions such as calmness and relief promote the conservation of a desired state (i.e., successful avoidance of threats), we predicted that the more people endorse conservation values, the more they desire such emotions. Whereas emotions such as excitement and calmness reflect success in engaging with rewards and disengaging with threats, respectively, other emotions reflect failure. In particular, emotions such as sadness and despair reflect failure in engaging with desirable outcomes, and emotions such as fear and anxiety reflect failure in disengaging from undesirable outcomes (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,146.58,198.04,86.65,7.91" target="#b11">Carver &amp; Scheier, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,235.97,198.04,52.06,7.91" target="#b36">Higgins, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.00,209.04,56.30,7.91" target="#b67">Roseman, 2001)</ref>. We propose that the more people endorse certain values, the more they should desire emotions that are consistent with them. In addition, the more people endorse certain values, the less they should desire emotions that are inconsistent with them. For instance, people who endorse openness to change may want to avoid sadness even more than others do, whereas people who endorse conservation may want to avoid fear even more than others do. Our investigation tested these possibilities.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The Importance of a Value-Based Account of Desired Emotions</head><p>Our theoretical account extends existing research on desired affect. For example, Jeanne Tsai and her colleagues examined ideal affective states across cultures. They found that European Americans valued high-arousal positive states (e.g., excitement) more and low-arousal positive states (e.g., calmness) less than Chinese participants did (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.00,396.04,106.58,7.91" target="#b91">Tsai, Knutson, &amp; Fung, 2006)</ref>. They further showed that these differences were linked both within and across cultures to the relative importance of the goal of influencing versus adjusting to others, respectively <ref type="bibr" coords="4,92.19,429.04,156.82,7.91" target="#b92">(Tsai, Miao, Seppala, Fung, &amp; Yeung, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>These findings are consistent with our proposed framework, to the extent that influencing others reflects openness to change and adjusting to others reflects conservation (for partial support of this mapping, see <ref type="bibr" coords="4,61.13,473.04,56.37,7.91" target="#b91">Tsai et al., 2006)</ref>. However, our framework extends such research in several important ways. First, such prior research focused on affective states rather than emotions. Our framework accounts for the desirability of discrete emotions, in particular. Second, prior research focused on two specific affective states and two corresponding goals. In contrast, by encompassing the entire range of core values, our framework accounts for the universe of higher order goals and identifies a range of theoretically consistent emotions to study.</p><p>Third, by focusing on associations between core values and emotions, our account can potentially explain both similarities and differences across cultures. Given that the nature and structure of core values are consistent across cultures, the associations between values and desired emotions should be consistent across cultures. However, given that the relative importance of values varies across cultures, our framework could potentially explain differences in the desirability of emotions between cultures. Finally, because values can be studied in any cultural context, our framework is not limited to a comparison of individualistic versus collectivistic cultures but instead can be applied in any cross-cultural context.</p><p>Our account also builds on a prior investigation that tested associations between values and actual experiences of discrete emotions in a sample of Dutch undergraduates <ref type="bibr" coords="4,223.49,704.04,64.56,7.91;4,48.00,715.04,67.90,7.91" target="#b60">(Nelissen, Dijker, &amp; De Vries, 2007)</ref>. The focus in that investigation was on expe-rienced rather than desired emotions. Nonetheless, consistent with our proposed account, they found significant positive associations between values that reflect openness to change (i.e., stimulation and self-direction) and experiences of interest and excitement, and between values that reflect self-enhancement (i.e., power and achievement) and the experience of anger and pride. The current investigation extends this research by developing a value-based account of desired, rather than experienced, emotions. To ensure that links between values and experienced emotions do not drive links between corresponding values and desired emotions, we assessed and controlled for emotional experiences.</p><p>To establish the plausibility of our account, we conducted a preliminary study in which we tested whether values can change the desirability of value-consistent emotions. In our main study, we tested the key predictions of our account in a comprehensive cross-cultural study, where we assessed potential links between each of the four value categories and the corresponding categories of value-consistent emotions, as shown in <ref type="table" coords="4,463.63,264.03,26.93,7.91">Table 1</ref>. We predicted that (a) the more people endorse self-transcendence values, the more they desire emotions such as love and empathy; (b) the more people endorse self-enhancement, the more they desire emotions such as pride, but also anger and contempt; (c) the more people endorse openness values, the more they desire emotions such as interest and excitement, and the less they desire emotions such as sadness; and (d) the more people endorse conservation values, the more they desire emotions such as calmness and relaxation, and the less they desire emotions such as fear. We expected the predicted associations between values and desired emotions to persist when controlling for emotional experiences.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Preliminary Study</head><p>The study was designed to test whether values could exert a causal effect on desired emotions. To this end, we manipulated the salience of each of the four key value categories and assessed their subsequent effects on desired emotions. To manipulate values, we followed one of the validated procedures developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,458.99,469.54,87.06,7.91;4,306.00,480.54,23.11,7.91" target="#b0">Arieli, Grant, and Sagiv (2014)</ref> to increase the importance of benevolence. The procedure entailed writing a persuasive essay to convince a panel of reviewers of the importance of benevolence-related attributes. They found that considering and advocating the importance of benevolence led people to value it more. In the preliminary study, therefore, we assigned participants to write essays to persuade others of the importance of attributes related to self-transcendence, self-enhancement, openness to change, or conservation. We expected our manipulations to increase the desirability of emotions that are consistent with these values (i.e., trust, anger, excitement, and fear, respectively).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants. Participants were 200 Americans (54.5% male, M age ϭ 22.51), 2 who were recruited through Amazon's Mechanical Turk. Participants were native English speakers, who received $1.50 for their participation.</p><p>Procedure. Participants were told that the study examined factors that influence persuasive writing. Participants were asked 2 Three additional participants had zero variation in their responses and were therefore omitted from the analyses. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>to write an essay to convince other participants of the importance of certain goals. They were told that these goals would be selected for them at random from a list of goals that previous participants had identified as personally relevant. They were instructed to write why the target goal should be important to others as well as why it is personally important to them. Participants in the self-transcendence condition were instructed to write about the importance of being tolerant, generous, cooperative, and helpful. Participants in the self-enhancement condition were instructed to write about the importance of being influential, wealthy, dominant, and powerful. Participants in the openness to change condition were instructed to write about the importance of being creative, independent, adventurous, and daring. Finally, participants in the conservation condition were instructed to write about the importance of being stable, obedient, careful, and respectful.</p><p>Participants had 5 min to write the essay. They were then asked to what extent they wanted to experience trust, anger, fear, and excitement (1 ϭ very little or not at all, 5 ϭ extremely). The emotions were presented in a random order. Participants indicated how difficult it was for them to demonstrate the personal importance of the target goal and how persuasive they consider their essay to be (1 ϭ not at all, 5 ϭ very). Participants then rated the extent to which they currently felt trust, anger, fear, and excitement (1 ϭ very little or not at all, 5 ϭ extremely), with the items presented in a random order. Finally, participants provided demographic information, were probed for suspicion, and debriefed.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results and Discussion</head><p>Participants did not find it difficult to write about the personal significance of the values assigned to them (Ms ranged from 2.54 -2.80) and considered their essays to be moderately persua-sive (Ms ranged from 3.10 -3.47). Ratings of difficulty and persuasiveness did not differ by condition, Fs Ͻ 2.0. Only one participant suspected the true purpose of the study, but results remained unchanged when we omitted this participant from the analysis.</p><p>To test whether our manipulation of values influenced desired emotions, we conducted a repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA), with emotion (trust, anger, excitement, and fear) as a within-subject variable, condition (self-transcendence, selfenhancement, openness, conservation), and gender as betweensubjects variables, and age as a covariate. As predicted, the Emotion ϫ Condition interaction was significant, F(9, 573) ϭ 2.04, p ϭ .034, 2 ϭ .031. <ref type="figure" coords="5,366.93,212.18,29.61,7.91" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref> presents the means of desired emotions in each condition. Follow-up tests of simple effects indicated that, as predicted, self-transcendence increased the desirability of trust, compared with self-enhancement, p ϭ .014, 95% confidence interval (CI) [0.115, 1.025]; openness, p ϭ .007, 95% CI [0.168, 1.070]; and conservation, p ϭ .039, 95% CI [0.025, 0.954]. In addition, as predicted, self-enhancement increased the desirability of anger, compared with self-transcendence, p ϭ .020, 95% CI [0.060, 0.678]; openness, p ϭ .097, 95% CI [Ϫ0.046, 0.554] (albeit marginally so); and conservation, p ϭ .040, 95% CI [0.016, 0.626]. Our hypotheses regarding openness and conservation received less support. Consistent with our view of conservation, the desirability of fear was the lowest among participants in the conservation condition and significantly lower than the self-enhancement condition, p ϭ .021, 95% CI [Ϫ0.781, Ϫ0.063]. This difference, however, could have resulted from either conservation or self-enhancement and the other comparisons were not significant, ps Ͼ .20. Finally, our manipulations did not influence the desirability of excitement, ps Ͼ .64.</p><p>Our analysis also yielded a significant Emotion ϫ Gender interaction, F(3, 189) ϭ 2.71, p ϭ .045, 2 ϭ .014. Follow-up tests This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>indicated that, on average, men found anger more desirable than women did (Ms ϭ 1.47 and 1.23, respectively), F(1, 191) ϭ 4.57, p ϭ .034, 2 ϭ .023. No other effects were significant, Fs Ͻ 1.60. We repeated the above analysis using experienced rather than desired emotions as dependent variables. The Emotion ϫ Condition interaction was not significant, F Ͻ 1.39, suggesting that potential effects on experienced emotions did not underlie the effects of values on desired emotions. Taken together, our findings provide initial evidence for the causal role of values in shaping the desirability of value-consistent emotions. Leading people to value self-transcendence increased the desirability of trust, whereas leading people to value selfenhancement increased the desirability of anger. Our hypotheses were not supported with respect to conservation and openness. Given that the manipulation we used was originally developed to change self-regulating values, it may have been less effective in influencing change-regulating values. Nonetheless, our findings demonstrate that, at least in some cases, values can increase the desirability of value-consistent emotions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Main Study</head><p>Our main study was designed to provide a comprehensive, cross-cultural test of the value-based account of desired emotions. We expected that even outside the laboratory, the more people endorse certain values, the more they would desire emotions that are consistent with them. We expected such patterns of associations to be largely consistent across cultures, despite that cultures differ in the values their members prioritize <ref type="bibr" coords="6,210.04,388.04,62.38,7.91" target="#b74">(Schwartz, 2006)</ref> and in the emotions they desire (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,172.78,399.04,61.64,7.91" target="#b91">Tsai et al., 2006)</ref>. We base our expectation on the consistency of the structure of values across cultures (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="6,101.16,421.04,59.45,7.91" target="#b73">Schwartz, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,163.82,421.04,81.61,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al., 2012)</ref> and on the assumption that there is likely a universal tendency for individuals to desire emotions that promote their goal pursuit.</p><p>To assess whether the hypothesized relations between values and desired emotions hold across cultures, we tested our predictions in culturally diverse samples. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,177.27,476.04,60.09,7.91" target="#b74">Schwartz (2006)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="6,255.56,476.04,32.49,7.91;6,48.00,487.04,65.65,7.91" target="#b42">Inglehart and Baker (2000)</ref> independently identified eight distinct regions around the world that differ in their prevailing cultural values. These regions include West European, Anglo, East-Central European, Orthodox Eastern Europe, South and South-East Asian, Middle East and Sub-Saharan African, Confucian, and Latin American. Following recommendations for cross-cultural research, we sampled countries from these cultural regions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants. Participants from eight countries (i.e., United States, Brazil, China, Germany, Ghana, Israel, Poland, and Singapore) participated in the study, representing seven of the distinct world cultural regions (i.e., Anglo, Latin American, Confucian, West European, Sub-Saharan African, East Central European, and South-Asian). <ref type="table" coords="6,358.88,150.04,27.63,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 2</ref> presents the characteristics of each sample. The entire sample included 2,324 undergraduate students (57.5% female, M age ϭ 22.47), who received monetary compensation (equivalent to $3-$5) or course credit for their participation.</p><p>Procedure. Participants completed the study in their native language or in their formal language of instruction either online or in writing (see <ref type="table" coords="6,361.47,216.04,26.40,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 2</ref>). For non-English versions, we carried out iterations of translation and back-translation by independent bilinguals until we obtained satisfactory versions. Separate gendermatched versions of the survey were used in those languages that distinguish gender. After giving consent, participants completed the values scale and rated desired emotions. At this point, to minimize carryover effects, participants completed an unrelated task for approximately five minutes. Specifically, they were given three neutral words (e.g., geography) and were asked to create as many new words as they could from the letters in each word (e.g., graph, go, ray). After completing the filler task, participants rated experienced emotions. They then completed several additional questionnaires that are beyond the scope of the current investigation. Finally, participants provided demographic information.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Materials</head><p>Values. Values were assessed using the Portrait Values Questionnaire-Revised (PVQ-R; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,434.26,410.04,88.02,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al., 2012)</ref>. The PVQ-R includes 57 items that assess 19 distinct values. With respect to each item, participants rated the extent to which the person described is or is not like them. Responses included not like me at all (later coded as 1), not like me, a little like me, moderately like me, like me, and very much like me (later coded as 6). All items refer to desired attributes and ideal states of the world (e.g., "It is important to her that people recognize what she achieves") and not to emotional experiences. This measure has good psychometric properties and has been validated in cross-cultural studies (see <ref type="bibr" coords="6,306.00,520.04,84.63,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al., 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,395.01,520.04,105.75,7.91" target="#b76">Schwartz &amp; Butenko, 2014)</ref>. Following <ref type="bibr" coords="6,306.00,531.04,78.69,7.91" target="#b78">Schwartz et al. (2012)</ref>, to form an index of self-transcendence, we averaged across benevolence-caring, benevolence-dependability, universalism-concern, universalism-nature, and universalism- tolerance values. To form an index of self-enhancement, we averaged across achievement, power-dominance, and powerresources values. To form an index of openness to change, we averaged across self-direction-thought, self-direction-action, stimulation, and hedonism values. Finally, to form an index of conservation, we averaged across security-personal, securitysocietal, tradition, conformity-rules, conformity-interpersonal, humility, and face values. The scales of the four value categories had reasonable reliabilities (see <ref type="table" coords="7,167.72,165.04,28.31,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table 3</ref> for the Cronbach's ␣ in each sample). Desired emotions. Participants rated how often they wanted to experience specific emotions in their daily life. Responses included never (later coded as 1), rarely, sometimes, often, and most of the time (later coded as 5). Emotion terms were presented to all participants in a predetermined and fixed random order. We selected the emotion terms for this study following a procedure similar to that outlined by <ref type="bibr" coords="7,145.67,253.04,77.81,7.91" target="#b48">Kitayama et al. (2000</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,230.08,253.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b49">Kitayama et al. ( , 2006</ref>. First, we compiled a list of discrete emotion terms based on a review of the literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,104.75,275.04,46.95,7.91" target="#b20">Ekman, 1972</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,158.76,275.04,16.40,7.91" target="#b22">Ekman, , 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,182.27,275.04,47.26,7.91" target="#b28">Frijda, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,232.54,275.04,51.50,7.91;7,48.00,286.04,41.38,7.91" target="#b44">Izard &amp; Malatesta, 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,94.01,286.04,100.62,7.91" target="#b53">Lazarus &amp; Lazarus, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,199.27,286.04,51.88,7.91" target="#b62">Parrott, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,255.78,286.04,32.26,7.91;7,48.00,297.04,20.50,7.91">Plutchik, 1980;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,71.84,297.04,58.09,7.91" target="#b88">Tomkins, 1962;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,133.27,297.04,86.13,7.91" target="#b95">Watson &amp; Clark, 1994)</ref>. Second, we analyzed these emotion terms based on their meaning and the function assigned to them in the literature. This procedure led us to identify a total of 26 terms that could map onto the different value categories, as listed in <ref type="table" coords="7,123.46,341.04,28.17,7.91">Table 1</ref>. Finally, we conducted a series of discussions among bilinguals in English and in the other languages in which we expected to administer the survey (i.e., Portuguese, Chinese, German, Hebrew, and Polish), to confirm that the selected terms have equivalent translations in each of these languages. We averaged across items that correspond to each of the four value categories to form four desired emotions scales (i.e., self-transcending, self-enhancing, opening, and conserving emotions) and two undesired emotions scales (i.e., nonopening and nonconserving). For the sake of simplicity, we refer to these six desired emotion categories as desired emotions. The internal reliabilities of these scales were reasonable across samples (see <ref type="table" coords="7,267.56,462.04,20.49,7.91;7,306.00,77.03,3.25,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table   3</ref>). Participants rated additional emotion terms that were not examined in the current investigation.</p><p>Experienced emotions. Participants rated how often they typically experienced specific emotions in their daily lives (1 ϭ never; 5 ϭ most of the time). They rated the same emotion terms that were included in the questionnaire of desired emotions. These emotion terms were presented in a predetermined and fixed random order, which was different from the order in which items were presented in the questionnaire of desired emotions. As with desired emotions, we averaged across items that correspond to each of the four value categories to form six experienced emotions scales (i.e., self-transcending, self-enhancing, opening, conserving, nonopening, and nonconserving emotions). These scales had reasonable reliabilities (see <ref type="table" coords="7,366.97,220.03,26.74,7.91" target="#tab_1">Table 3</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analyses</head><p>Measurement equivalence. To know whether the analyses examine the same constructs in each culture, it is necessary to assess the cross-cultural equivalence of the measures used (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,306.00,297.04,99.69,7.91" target="#b27">Fischer &amp; Fontaine, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,409.67,297.04,116.00,7.91" target="#b94">van de Vijver &amp; Leung, 2011)</ref>. We followed standard procedures (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,437.12,308.04,108.93,7.91;7,306.00,319.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b6">Byrne, Shavelson, &amp; Muthen, 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,331.08,319.04,108.34,7.91" target="#b93">Vandenberg &amp; Lance, 2000)</ref>, using separate multigroup confirmatory factor analyses (MGCFA) to test the measurement equivalence of each higher order value and each emotion index. We used multiple fit indices to evaluate the models, treating comparative fit index (CFI) values ϭ Ͼ .90, root-mean-square error of approximation (RMSEA) values Ͻ ϭ .08, and the standardized root-mean-square residual (SRMR) values Ͻ ϭ .06 <ref type="bibr" coords="7,532.06,385.04,14.00,7.91;7,306.00,396.04,65.56,7.91" target="#b41">(Hu &amp; Bentler, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,376.21,396.04,108.35,7.91" target="#b55">Marsh, Hau, &amp; Wen, 2004)</ref> as indicating a reasonable model fit.</p><p>First, for each index, we tested and confirmed that all the items loaded on the same latent factor across cultures (i.e., configural invariance). Next, we tested whether the loadings of the items on the latent factor were equal across cultures (i.e., metric invariance). In cases where full metric invariance was not established, we This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>tested for the partial metric invariance. Partial metric invariance requires that at least two loadings per latent variable are equal across groups <ref type="bibr" coords="8,99.42,99.04,68.50,7.91" target="#b6">(Byrne et al., 1989)</ref>. It is sufficient to justify treating the associations between the value and emotion indices as comparable across the cultural samples. <ref type="table" coords="8,186.09,121.04,28.87,7.91" target="#tab_2">Table 4</ref> presents fit coefficients for models at the level of the partial metric invariance. All the indices but one met at least two of the criteria above. They also met additional criteria that <ref type="bibr" coords="8,159.77,154.04,48.82,7.91" target="#b13">Chen (2007)</ref> proposed to assess whether the reduction in fit from configural to metric invariance suggests lack of metric invariance (CFI change Ͼ .01, supplemented by RMSEA change Ͼ .015 or SRMR change Ͼ .03). The only exception was the desired self-transcending emotions that did not meet the Chen (2007) criteria because of the Polish data. We chose to include Poland in the multilevel analysis for this emotion category, given the CFI and SRMR values and the inexpediency of dropping a country. Results were virtually unchanged when we excluded Poland from the analyses. 3 Multilevel modeling. We postulated that the hypothesized associations would hold across the set of diverse cultural samples. Each individual respondent was nested within one cultural sample. To take the hierarchical structure of the data into account when testing the hypotheses, we conducted multilevel modeling analyses using the Hierarchical Linear Modeling program HLM 7.0 <ref type="bibr" coords="8,48.00,330.04,205.88,7.91" target="#b65">(Raudenbush, Bryk, Cheong, Congdon, &amp; Du Toit, 2011)</ref>. First, to test the hypothesized effect of values on desired emotions, we ran separate random-coefficients regression models for each desired emotion. We predicted each desired emotion with its corresponding value, controlling for the corresponding experienced emotion, age, and gender by including them as covariates in the Level 1 regression model. Next, to assess whether each value predicted its corresponding desired emotion even when controlling for the effects of the other three values, we ran a model for each desired emotion that included all four values as predictors in addition to age and gender. In these analyses, age, the four values, and the four experienced emotions were group-mean centered and gender was grand-mean centered. By running random-coefficient regression models, we were able to assess whether the effects of the Level 1 predictors varied across cultural samples. Below is an exemplary Level 1 equation for a model that predicts desired emotion with gender, age, the corresponding experienced emotion, and the corresponding value.</p><p>Desired Emotion ij ϭ ␤ 0j ϩ ␤ 1j Gender ϩ ␤ 2j Age ϩ ␤ 3j Experienced Emotion ϩ ␤ 4j Value ϩ r ij (1) ␤ 0j is the mean level of the desired emotion across groups. The ␤ ij are the average regression coefficients of the predictor variables across groups. r ij is the Level 1 residual variance, that is, the individual level variance in the desired emotion that the predictor variables do not explain.</p><p>In the Level 2 model, ␤ 0j is the average intercept across groups (␥ 00 ) plus the unique increment to the intercept (u 0j ) associated with group j. Each random coefficient (␤ ij ) is the average regression coefficient across groups (␥ i0 ) plus the unique increment to the coefficient (u ij ) associated with group j.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results and Discussion</head><p>Descriptive statistics. <ref type="table" coords="8,406.21,395.54,28.47,7.91">Table 5</ref> presents the means and standard deviations of the values, desired emotions, and experienced emotions and the zero-order correlations among these variables across all individuals in the entire sample. Although these correlations do not take the nesting of individuals within groups into account, the tests of the hypotheses with multilevel modeling do. As noted in Footnote 1, the indices of the variables did not demonstrate scalar invariance. Hence, one must view the mean differences between groups as approximate and interpret them with caution. <ref type="figure" coords="8,315.00,505.53,31.62,7.91" target="#fig_1">Figure 2</ref> displays the mean levels of desired emotions within each cultural sample to provide a sense of the relative desirability of the different emotions. Self-enhancing emotions were the least desired in all samples, and self-transcending emotions were the most desired in five samples (not in Poland, China, or Israel). The HLM analyses below indicate that the sample means varied significantly across samples for most of the desired emotions. The significant chi-square in the first row under Random Effects in Tables 6 and 7 indicate this. We cannot confidently interpret these mean differences, however, because the scaling of the emotions varied somewhat across samples, as indicated by the absence of scalar invariance.</p><p>Links between values and desired emotions. <ref type="table" coords="8,496.69,637.53,28.18,7.91" target="#tab_4">Table 6</ref> presents results of the HLM analyses that tested the effect of each value category on the corresponding desired emotion, controlling Note. Information about items released in partial metric are available on request from authors. CFI ϭ comparative fit index; RMSEA ϭ root-meansquare error of approximation; SRMR ϭ standardized root-mean-square residual. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>for the corresponding experienced emotion, age, and gender. The first row of the table presents the overall mean for each emotion across groups. It shows that these means differed significantly from zero. The second row indicates that females desired selftranscending, conserving, and opening emotions more than males did and that males desired self-enhancing emotions more than females did. The third row indicates that age did not relate significantly to the desirability of any of the emotion categories. Gender and age showed the same pattern of effects in the subsequent hypothesis tests. As indicated in the fourth row, the more people experienced a particular emotion, the more they wanted to experience that emotion. The coefficient for the experienced emotion was significant in this row for each of the desired emotions. The regression coefficients in the fifth row provide the tests of our main hypotheses. In support of our predictions, the more people endorsed self-transcendence values, the more they wanted to experience self-transcending emotions (column 1). The more they endorsed self-enhancement values the more they wanted to experience self-enhancing emotions (column 3). The more they endorsed openness values the more they wanted to experience opening emotions (column 5). Finally, the more they endorsed conservation values the more they wanted to experience conserving emotions (column 7).</p><p>The rows under Random effects for the predictor variables indicate whether the effects of each of the predictors (slopes) varied across cultural samples. Critical for our expectation that the associations between values and desired emotions would be consistent across cultures, the effects of values on their corresponding emotions did not vary significantly across cultural groups (row 10). Neither gender nor age effects varied significantly across groups. The effects of the experienced emotions varied significantly across groups for self-enhancing and opening emotions (row 9). Desired self-enhancing emotions were positively and significantly linked to experienced self-enhancing emotions across cultures, but the magnitude of these associations varied, such that slopes ranged from .21 (in Brazil) to .57 (in China). Similarly, desired opening emotions were positively and significantly linked to experienced opening emotions across cultures, with the slopes ranging from .24 (in Israel) to .50 (in China). The last row of <ref type="table" coords="9,525.53,495.03,20.49,7.91;9,306.00,506.03,4.50,7.91" target="#tab_4">Table  6</ref> indicates that the predictor variables explained 33% of the individual level variance in the desire for self-transcending emotions, 22% for self-enhancing emotions, 28% for opening emotions, and 10% for conserving emotions. <ref type="table" coords="9,315.00,550.03,27.05,7.91" target="#tab_5">Table 7</ref> presents results of the HLM analyses that tested whether each value predicted its corresponding desired emotion even when controlling for the effects of the other three values. As expected, in most cases, the corresponding value remained a significant predictor when the other values were included in the model, and it was the strongest predictor. The only exception involves the prediction of desired conserving emotions. The effect of conservation values became marginally significant when the other values were included in the model. In addition, when all values were included as simultaneous predictors in the model, associations between selfenhancement values and desired self-enhancing emotions varied across cultures, as indicated by a significant random effect. Selfenhancement values were significantly and positively associated with desired self-enhancing emotions across cultures, with slopes varying from .11-.26, except in Ghana, where the association was not significant (B ϭ Ϫ0.01, p ϭ .83). The failure to replicate the <ref type="table" coords="9,53.29,700.51,7.91,20.49;9,53.29,693.01,7.91,4.50">Table 5</ref> Zero This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>effect in Ghana may be due to specific characteristics of the culture or to methodological limitations (e.g., lower reliabilities within that sample).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Links between values and undesired emotions.</head><p>We repeated the above analyses using each of the two undesired emotions (i.e., nonopening and nonconserving) as the predicted variables. The four rightmost columns in <ref type="table" coords="10,212.26,484.04,29.60,7.91" target="#tab_4">Table 6</ref> present the results of the HLM analyses that included age, gender, the corresponding emotional experience, and the corresponding value as predictors. As indicated by the regression coefficients in the fifth row, openness values did not significantly predict the desire for nonopening emotions. However, the more people endorsed conserving values the less they wanted to experience nonconserving emotions. The 10th row of <ref type="table" coords="10,207.48,561.04,28.17,7.91" target="#tab_4">Table 6</ref> indicates that effects of openness values on the desire for nonopening emotions varied significantly by culture, ranging from Ϫ.23 in China to .02 in Singapore. In contrast, the effects of conservation values on the desire for nonconserving emotions did not vary significantly by culture.</p><p>The four rightmost columns in <ref type="table" coords="10,176.62,627.04,28.72,7.91" target="#tab_5">Table 7</ref> present results of the HLM analyses that tested whether openness and conservation values predicted their corresponding undesired emotion even when controlling for the effects of the other three values. Again, openness values were not significantly related to the desire for nonopening emotions, and this association varied significantly by culture. Conservation values, however, were significantly and negatively related to the desire for nonopening emotions. Moreover, conservation remained a significant, and the only, negative predictor of desire for nonconserving emotions when the other values were included in the model. This effect did not vary by culture, as indicated by a nonsignificant random effect.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>General Discussion</head><p>Values guide our behavior by pointing to desirable states of the world <ref type="bibr" coords="10,345.21,508.14,98.49,7.91" target="#b2">(Bardi &amp; Schwartz, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,446.77,508.14,61.46,7.91" target="#b73">Schwartz, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,511.30,508.14,34.74,7.91;10,306.00,519.64,63.77,7.91" target="#b75">Schwartz &amp; Bilsky, 1987)</ref>. In this investigation, we demonstrate that values may also guide our emotions by pointing to desirable (and undesirable) states of emotion. Similar to the way basic values set standards for behavior, they may also set standards for emotions. Supporting a value-based account of desired emotions, we found that across eight distinct cultural samples, the more people endorsed values related to self-transcendence the more they wanted love and empathy; the more they endorsed values related to self-enhancement the more they wanted pride but also anger and contempt; the more they endorsed values related to openness to change the more they wanted interest and excitement; and the more they endorsed values related to conservation the more they wanted calmness and the less they wanted fear. These patterns persisted when controlling for differences in emotional experiences and largely held across cultural samples. In a preliminary study, we were further able to provide support for the idea that values might play a causal role in shaping desired emotions. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Desired Emotional States</head><p>Researchers have become increasingly interested in understanding what people want to feel. Some focused on identifying what people want to feel in specific contexts, showing that the emotions people want to experience vary as a function of context-dependent goals (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,348.25,139.04,92.26,7.91" target="#b8">Cameron &amp; Payne, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,443.02,139.04,76.27,7.91" target="#b85">Tamir &amp; Ford, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,521.79,139.04,24.25,7.91;11,306.00,150.04,95.80,7.91" target="#b86">Tamir, Mitchell, &amp; Gross, 2008)</ref>. Others focused on identifying what people want to feel across contexts, showing that members of different cultures desire different affective states that are consistent with culturally valued goals (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,432.70,183.04,58.18,7.91" target="#b91">Tsai et al., 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,497.92,183.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b92">Tsai et al., , 2007</ref>.</p><p>Our framework builds on, but broadens, existing views of desired affect. First, by considering the unique features of emotional states and their core relational themes (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="11,470.19,216.04,54.30,7.91" target="#b52">Lazarus, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,527.56,216.04,13.87,7.91;11,306.00,227.04,89.40,7.91" target="#b57">Mesquita &amp; Ellsworth, 2001)</ref>, we explain the desirability of emotions, rather than the desirability of states of valence or arousal. Second, by covering the entire circle of values, we offer a framework to explain desired emotions, in general, rather than a theory that accounts for the desirability of one or two particular states.</p><p>Third, our framework demonstrates that links between values and desired emotions are not simply a function of arousal levels. For example, although both opening and self-enhancing emotions are high in arousal, they show different (and at times opposite) patterns of association with the same values. Fourth, our framework demonstrates that links between values and desired emotions are also not simply a function of pleasure or displeasure. Selfenhancing emotions, for instance, included both pleasant (i.e., pride) and unpleasant (e.g., anger, contempt) emotions. The link between self-enhancing values and desired emotions, therefore, is not simply a matter of valence. 4 Although arousal and valence clearly influence the desirability of emotions, our findings demonstrate that they are not sufficient to fully account for it.</p><p>Fifth, our findings show that people can desire unpleasant emotions not only when they face immediate situational demands but also when they consider ideal states of the world. Although preferences for anger, contempt, hatred, and hostility were evidently lower than preferences for more pleasant emotions, there was still substantial and meaningful variation in such preferences. People who endorsed values of self-enhancement wanted to feel these emotions more than others did, potentially because they signal power and dominance.</p><p>Finally, prior accounts of desired affect have typically focused on one or two cultural contexts or on one cultural dimension (i.e., individualism vs. collectivism). Recent research, however, suggests that one cultural dimension may not be sufficient to account for differences in ideal affect <ref type="bibr" coords="11,414.51,568.04,128.04,7.91;11,306.00,579.04,42.15,7.91" target="#b68">(Ruby, Falk, Heine, Villa, &amp; Silberstein, 2012)</ref>. By focusing on the importance of core values, our account can serve as a framework for formulating diverse predictions about various cultural dimensions and different cultures. Differences in desired emotions across cultures may be linked to the profile of core values that is normative in each culture.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Culturally Informed Desired Emotional States</head><p>Emotions capture meaningful global themes that reflect unique patterns of relations between individuals and their social and The effect of self-enhancement values on self-enhancing emotions replicated when predicting the desirability of pride only. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>nonsocial environment (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="13,160.41,77.04,55.96,7.91" target="#b52">Lazarus, 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,221.09,77.04,63.55,7.91;13,48.00,88.04,45.58,7.91" target="#b57">Mesquita &amp; Ellsworth, 2001)</ref>. Anger, for instance, reflects the availability of personal resources in the face of the unfair blockage of goals, whereas love reflects proximity to another <ref type="bibr" coords="13,178.29,110.04,49.88,7.91" target="#b28">(Frijda, 1986)</ref>. Because emotions reflect themes that are relevant to human life, they may be available across cultures but differ in their relative accessibility, giving rise to systematic cultural variation (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="13,229.16,143.04,58.90,7.91;13,48.00,154.04,20.50,7.91" target="#b49">Kitayama et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,71.49,154.04,58.11,7.91" target="#b56">Mesquita, 2010)</ref>. Accordingly, our investigation demonstrates both cultural consistency and cultural variation in desired emotions. In terms of cultural consistency, across cultures the endorsement of values was associated with a stronger desire for emotions that reflect valueconsistent themes. For instance, the more individuals endorsed values of self-transcendence (e.g., dependability, caring and concern) the more they wanted to experience self-transcending emotions (e.g., empathy, compassion, love). In terms of cultural variation, we found consistent cultural differences in the mean desirability of emotions. For instance, on average, participants in the United States desired opening emotions more than conserving emotions, whereas the opposite was the case among participants in Ghana. Understanding the normative importance of core values in specific cultures may shed light on the desirability of emotional states in those specific cultures.</p><p>Emotional affordances refer to the potential of cultures to evoke different sets of emotions as a function of culturally relevant values and beliefs <ref type="bibr" coords="13,117.67,352.04,104.91,7.91" target="#b54">(Markus &amp; Kitayama, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,225.81,352.04,58.35,7.91" target="#b56">Mesquita, 2010)</ref>. Our investigation suggests that cultures not only afford different emotional reactions but they may also shape these experiences by identifying the emotions that should be desired, in part, as a function of culturally grounded values. Such values encompass the distinction between dependence and interdependence but go beyond it and allow a more fine-tuned analysis of cultural variability <ref type="bibr" coords="13,48.00,429.04,57.23,7.91" target="#b72">(Schwartz, 1990</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Value-Based Accounts of Individual Differences in Desired Emotions</head><p>Values have been associated with various individual differences, in addition to individualism-collectivism <ref type="bibr" coords="13,198.87,495.04,60.17,7.91" target="#b72">(Schwartz, 1990)</ref>. To the extent that values underlie other individual differences, our proposed framework can give rise to novel hypotheses regarding links between these individual differences and desired emotions.</p><p>For instance, some data suggest that compared with men, women attribute less importance to self-enhancement and greater importance to self-transcendence <ref type="bibr" coords="13,165.79,561.04,91.68,7.91" target="#b79">(Schwartz &amp; Rubel, 2005)</ref>. On the basis of our proposed account, one would expect to find gender differences in the desirability of self-enhancing and self-transcending emotions. Consistent with this prediction, we found that compared with men, women wanted to feel less self-enhancing emotions and more self-transcending emotions. Although these differences were consistent with recorded gender differences in self-enhancement and self-transcendence, they were statistically independent of values, suggesting that values may not fully account for the links between gender and desired emotions.</p><p>Political ideology has also been linked to differences in value priorities. For instance, some evidence suggests that compared with politically right-oriented individuals, left-oriented individuals endorse self-transcendence values more strongly and self-enhancement values less strongly <ref type="bibr" coords="13,100.25,715.04,187.80,7.91;13,306.00,77.04,58.15,7.91">(Caprara, Schwartz, Capanna, Vecchione &amp; Bar-baranelli, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,368.05,77.04,138.35,7.91" target="#b63">Piurko, Schwartz, &amp; Davidov, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,510.30,77.04,35.74,7.91;13,306.00,88.04,107.71,7.91" target="#b77">Schwartz, Caprara, &amp; Vecchione, 2010)</ref>. If so, according to our theoretical account, left-oriented individuals may desire more empathy and less anger than their right-oriented counterparts. Recent evidence provides preliminary support for these ideas, showing that compared with right-oriented Israelis, left-oriented Israelis wanted to experience less anger and more empathy toward Palestinians <ref type="bibr" coords="13,530.57,143.04,11.62,7.91;13,306.00,154.04,109.05,7.91" target="#b64">(Porat, Halperin, &amp; Tamir, 2015)</ref>. A value-based account of desired emotions, therefore, can give rise to testable predictions regarding how people differ from each other in the emotions they want to feel and why.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Undesired Emotional States</head><p>Just as people find emotions that are consistent with their values more desirable, they may find emotions that are inconsistent with their values less desirable. We could not identify emotions that people who endorse self-transcendence or self-enhancement values should theoretically be motivated to avoid. However, based on theories of emotion and motivation (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="13,457.12,286.04,88.93,7.91" target="#b12">Carver &amp; Scheier, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="13,306.00,297.04,54.63,7.91" target="#b36">Higgins, 1987)</ref>, we expected people who endorse openness to change to be motivated to avoid emotions that reflect failure in achieving openness (e.g., sadness) and people who endorse conservation to be motivated to avoid emotions that reflect failure in achieving conservation (i.e., fear). Our findings provided only partial support for our predictions. First, openness-to-change values were not significantly linked to the desirability of nonopening emotions, such as sadness. Second, although people who endorsed conservation values were less likely to desire nonconserving emotions (e.g., fear), they were also less likely to desire other unpleasant emotions, both nonopening (e.g., sadness), and self-enhancing (e.g., anger). This suggests that endorsing conservation values may be linked to avoiding unpleasant feelings in general, rather than nonconserving emotions, in particular. Perhaps values, as ideal states of the world, motivate ideal (i.e., desired) states of emotion, rather than undesired states. Future research should identify what underlies undesired emotions and whether such factors are consistent across cultures.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and Future Directions</head><p>This investigation focused on testing the validity of a valuebased account of desired emotions by assessing the associations between the endorsement of values and the desirability of emotions across cultures. Although we were able to provide initial support for the idea that values influence the desirability of emotions in our preliminary study, further research is needed to test the causal role that values play in shaping what people want to feel. First, we provided evidence for a causal role of self-transcendence and self-enhancement but not for openness to change and conservation. Second, we tested the causal role of values in a single cultural context. In the future, it would be important to examine the causal role of all four value categories and the consistency of their effects across cultural contexts. Furthermore, both of our studies were conducted on college-age students. Future research should also test whether associations between values and desired emotions are consistent or vary across the life span.</p><p>Our analysis focused on superordinate, higher order categories of values (i.e., self-transcendence, self-enhancement, openness, This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</p><p>This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>and conservation) rather than on more specific basic values (e.g., universalism, stimulation). However, our value-based account offers a framework useful for testing predictions about specific values in each category. For instance, in the future it should be possible to test whether desired emotions differ between specific basic values both within and across higher order value categories. Focusing on specific values could also lead to predictions regarding other discrete emotions that were not included in the present analyses, such as shame and guilt. Extending the proposed account by looking at specific values or other discrete emotions is an important task for future research. Finally, we demonstrated that values are linked to the emotions that people want to feel but also to the emotions people actually feel. One possibility is that values shape emotional experiences either directly or indirectly, by pointing at desired end states in emotion regulation. Although links between values and desired emotions were independent of emotional experiences in this investigation, whether and how desired emotions impact emotional experiences and well-being, more generally, remains to be tested.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="5,117.00,705.70,360.00,7.03;5,117.00,715.00,333.60,8.00;5,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;5,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;5,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;5,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;5,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;5,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;5,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;5,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;5,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;5,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;5,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;5,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;5,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;5,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;5,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;5,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;5,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;5,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;5,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;5,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;5,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;5,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;5,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;5,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;5,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;5,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;5,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;5,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;5,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;5,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;5,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;5,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;5,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;5,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;5,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Mean desirability of emotions as a function of value priming conditions (preliminary study). Error bars reflect Ϯ1 standard errors of the mean. See the online article for the color version of this figure. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="10,117.00,377.20,360.04,7.03;10,117.00,387.20,70.87,7.03"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Mean desired emotions and values across cultures (main study). See the online article for the color version of this figure.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,7.70,216.50,469.25,501.74"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Sample Characteristics This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</figDesc><table coords="6,117.00,623.70,359.96,94.53">Country 
N 
Female (%) 
Language 
Age M (SD) 
Mode 

Psychology 
majors (%) 

Brazil 
653 
64 
Portuguese 24.35 (5.78) Online 
17 
China 
213 
53 
Chinese 
20.82 (1.97) Paper and pencil 
53 
Germany 
200 
50 
German 
25.03 (4.12) Paper and pencil and online 
30 
Ghana 
207 
59 
English 
22.90 (2.81) Paper and pencil 
46 
Israel 
248 
53 
Hebrew 
24.21 (2.91) Online 
24 
Poland 
299 
52 
Polish 
21.72 (1.74) Paper and pencil 
7 
Singapore 
201 
69 
English 
21.23 (1.83) Online 
12 
United States 303 
54 
English 
19.51 (1.80) Online 
34 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,7.70,227.15,468.81,491.09"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Cronbach Alphas of the Measures of Values, Desired Emotions, and Experienced Emotions byCultural Sample This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc><table coords="7,117.00,532.70,359.51,185.53">Variable 
Brazil China Germany Ghana Israel Poland Singapore United States 

Values 
Self-transcendence 
.65 
.74 
.72 
.78 
.71 
.80 
.76 
.75 
Self-enhancement 
.72 
.74 
.72 
.56 
.75 
.69 
.78 
.64 
Openness 
.70 
.71 
.67 
.70 
.68 
.70 
.70 
.73 
Conservation 
.72 
.77 
.75 
.75 
.80 
.79 
.81 
.72 
Desired emotions 
Self-transcending 
.56 
.40 
.64 
.44 
.66 
.36 
.70 
.72 
Self-enhancing 
.46 
.67 
.52 
.36 
.54 
.58 
.59 
.46 
Opening 
.59 
.76 
.60 
.50 
.66 
.68 
.78 
.77 
Conserving 
.47 
.60 
.50 
.54 
.54 
.59 
.56 
.55 
(Nonopening) 
.64 
.80 
.55 
.53 
.64 
.59 
.74 
.74 
(Nonconserving) 
.69 
.77 
.67 
.67 
.72 
.77 
.80 
.83 
Experienced emotions 
Self-transcending 
.69 
.45 
.67 
.62 
.68 
.35 
.77 
.76 
Self-enhancing 
.69 
.68 
.57 
.40 
.63 
.71 
.68 
.64 
Opening 
.69 
.77 
.67 
.54 
.73 
.73 
.82 
.76 
Conserving 
.61 
.62 
.74 
.55 
.73 
.62 
.73 
.64 
(Nonopening) 
.75 
.55 
.83 
.64 
.76 
.70 
.73 
.77 
(Nonconserving) 
.76 
.66 
.75 
.69 
.76 
.74 
.76 
.76 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="8,48.00,428.04,239.50,252.69"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Fit Indices From Multigroup Confirmatory Factor Analyses for Assessing the Partial Metric Measurement Invariance of the Values and Emotions Across Eight Cultural Groups</figDesc><table coords="8,48.00,480.70,239.50,200.03">Variable 

Fit indices 

2 
df 
CFI 
RMSEA 
SRMR 

Values 
Self-transcendence 1062.65 608 .952 .050 [.045-.055] .065 
Self-enhancement 
547.85 195 .936 .077 [.071-.086] .067 
Openness 
891.70 360 .902 .070 [.064-.075] .074 
Conservation 
2103.29 1120 .920 .054 [.050-.057] .063 
Desired emotions 
Self-transcending 
130.50 
34 .910 .097 [.079-.115] .070 
Self-enhancing 
147.50 
52 .924 .078 [.063-.093] .048 
Opening 
49.45 
40 .991 .028 [.000-.051] .046 
Conserving 
39.69 
26 .974 .042 [.008-.066] .045 
(Nonopening) 
3.82 
6 1.00 .000 [.000-.057] .019 
(Nonconserving) 
34.01 
19 .986 .051 [.021-.078] .040 
Experienced emotions 
Self-transcending 
79.17 
34 .964 .066 [.047-.085] .050 
Self-enhancing 
84.36 
47 .974 .051 [.033-.069] .048 
Opening 
66.18 
46 .986 .038 [.013-.057] .048 
Conserving 
22.49 
13 .988 .049 [.004-.082] .048 
(Nonopening) 
8.11 
6 .988 .034 [.000-.087] .031 
(Nonconserving) 
22.15 
17 .998 .023 [.000-.058] .036 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="9,7.70,77.38,277.05,643.62"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>-Order Correlations Among the Values, Desired Emotions, and Experienced Emotions Across All Individuals in the Entire Sample (N This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc><table coords="9,63.50,77.38,221.25,643.62">ϭ 2,328) 

Variable 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

1 0 

1 1 

1 2 

1 3 

1 4 

1 5 

1 6 

M 

SD 

Values 
1. Self-transcendence -.02 .47 ‫ءءء‬ 

.52 ‫ءءء‬ 

.39 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.21 ‫ءءء‬ 

.27 ‫ءءء‬ 

.23 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.14 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.12 ‫ءءء‬ 

.42 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.12 ‫ءءء‬ 

.27 ‫ءءء‬ 

.19 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.004 

.05 
4.72 .66 

2. Self-enhancement 

-.36 ‫ءءء‬ 

.27 ‫ءءء‬ 

.003 

.21 ‫ءءء‬ 

.17 ‫ءءء‬ 

.07 ‫ءء‬ 

Ϫ.01 

.03 

Ϫ.001 

.22 ‫ءءء‬ 

.14 ‫ءءء‬ 

.03 

.01 

.04 
3.63 .86 

3. Openness 

-

.19 ‫ءءء‬ 

.19 ‫ءءء‬ 

.009 

.37 ‫ءءء‬ 

.19 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.09 

Ϫ.02 

.18 ‫ءءء‬ 

.07 ‫ءء‬ 

.35 ‫ءءء‬ 

.14 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.01 

.06 ‫ءء‬ 
4.68 .64 

4. Conservation 

-

.21 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.15 ‫ءءء‬ 

.08 ‫ءءء‬ 

.17 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.11 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.11 ‫ءءء‬ 

.25 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.12 ‫ءءء‬ 

.14 ‫ءءء‬ 

.20 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.07 ‫ءء‬ 

.003 
4.18 .69 

Desired emotions 
5. Self-transcending 

-

Ϫ.17 ‫ءءء‬ 

.47 ‫ءءء‬ 

.39 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.20 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.16 ‫ءءء‬ 

.59 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.04 

.26 ‫ءءء‬ 

.16 ‫ءءء‬ 

.03 

.10 ‫ءءء‬ 
4.06 .62 

6. Self-enhancing 

-

Ϫ.02 

Ϫ.20 ‫ءءء‬ 

.49 ‫ءءء‬ 

.50 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.12 ‫ءءء‬ 

.40 ‫ءءء‬ 

.02 

Ϫ.05 

.15 ‫ءءء‬ 

.11 ‫ءءء‬ 
1.90 .50 

7. Opening 

-

.38 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.23 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.11 ‫ءءء‬ 

.31 ‫ءءء‬ 

.05 

.46 ‫ءءء‬ 

.16 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.01 

.09 ‫ءءء‬ 
4.05 .56 

8. Conserving 

-

Ϫ.32 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.31 ‫ءءء‬ 

.24 ‫ءءء‬ 

.002 

.19 ‫ءءء‬ 

.23 ‫ءءء‬ 

.01 

.07 ‫ءء‬ 
4.08 .57 

9. (Nonopening) 

-

.62 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.10 ‫ءءء‬ 

.18 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.05 

Ϫ.06 ‫ءء‬ 

.22 ‫ءءء‬ 

.06 ‫ءء‬ 
1.45 .54 

10. (Nonconserving) 

-

Ϫ.03 

.15 ‫ءءء‬ 

.05 

Ϫ.007 

.09 ‫ءءء‬ 

.09 ‫ءءء‬ 
1.83 .64 

Experienced emotions 

11. Self-transcending 

-

Ϫ.14 ‫ءءء‬ 

.54 ‫ءءء‬ 

.42 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.17 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.08 ‫ءءء‬ 
3.53 .62 

12. Self-enhancing 

-

Ϫ.04 

Ϫ.20 ‫ءءء‬ 

.48 ‫ءءء‬ 

.41 ‫ءءء‬ 
2.33 .56 

13. Opening 

-

.46 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.22 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.12 ‫ءءء‬ 
3.46 .58 

14. Conserving 

-

Ϫ.41 ‫ءءء‬ 

Ϫ.41 ‫ءءء‬ 
3.25 .60 

15. (Nonopening) 

-

.61 ‫ءءء‬ 
2.34 .74 

16. (Nonconserving) 

-
2.95 .72 

‫ءء‬ 

p 
Ͻ .01. ‫ءءء‬ 

p 
Ͻ .001. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,50.04,77.50,266.96,643.50"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Multilevel Models Explaining Desired Emotions by the Corresponding Value, Controlling for Gender, Age, and Emotional Experience</figDesc><table coords="11,80.70,407.42,36.03,278.64">Variable 

Desired emotions 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="12,7.70,77.50,427.30,643.50"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Multilevel Models Explaining Desired Emotions by All Values, Controlling for Gender and AgeThis document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc><table coords="12,191.70,412.93,36.03,277.14">Variable 

Desired emotions 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="3">A third level of invariance, scalar invariance, is necessary to justify comparing means across groups. Although we had no hypotheses regarding differences in means across cultural samples, we also tested for scalar invariance. It was not supported.</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,326.98,240.02,7.03;14,56.00,337.22,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,347.45,206.44,7.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Convincing yourself to care about others: An intervention for enhancing benevolence values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Arieli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Sagiv</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/jopy.12029</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/jopy.12029" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,357.69,240.03,7.03;14,56.00,367.93,55.33,7.03" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Emotion and personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Arnold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1960" />
			<publisher>Columbia University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,378.17,240.02,7.03;14,56.00,388.41,232.02,7.03;14,56.00,398.65,187.12,7.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Values and behavior: Strength and structure of relations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bardi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167203254602</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0146167203254602" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1207" to="1220" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,408.88,240.00,7.03;14,56.00,419.11,86.89,7.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotions are real</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0027555</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0027555" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="429" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,429.34,239.87,7.03;14,56.00,439.57,151.75,7.03" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The altruism question: Toward a socialpsychological answer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Batson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hillsdale, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,449.79,240.04,7.03;14,56.00,460.02,59.32,7.03" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bowlby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Attachment: Attachment and Loss</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Basic Books</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1969" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,470.25,240.02,7.03;14,56.00,480.47,232.03,7.03;14,56.00,490.70,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,500.93,151.12,7.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing for the equivalence of factor covariance and mean structures: The issue of partial measurement invariance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Byrne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Shavelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Muthen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.105.3.456</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-2909.105.3.456" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">105</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="456" to="466" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,511.16,240.01,7.03;14,56.00,521.38,231.86,7.03;14,56.00,531.61,55.99,7.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pleasure: The common currency</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Cabanac</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0022-5193%2805%2980594-6</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0022-5193" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Theoretical Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">155</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">05</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80594" to="80600" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,541.84,240.03,7.03;14,56.00,552.07,232.00,7.03;14,56.00,562.29,231.90,7.03;14,56.00,572.52,51.78,7.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Escaping affect: How motivated emotion regulation creates insensitivity to mass suffering</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cameron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Payne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0021643</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0021643" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="15" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,582.75,240.04,7.03;14,56.00,592.97,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,603.20,232.00,7.03;14,56.00,613.43,46.00,7.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality and politics: Values, traits, and political choice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Caprara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Capanna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vecchione</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Barbaranelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9221.2006.00447.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9221.2006.00447.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,623.66,240.03,7.03;14,56.00,633.88,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,644.11,215.55,7.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pleasure as a sign you can attend to something else: Placing positive feelings within a general model of affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Carver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/02699930302294</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/02699930302294" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="261" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,654.34,240.03,7.03;14,56.00,664.56,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,674.79,88.67,7.03" xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">On the self-regulation of behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Carver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Scheier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/CBO9781139174794</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/CBO9781139174794" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,48.00,685.02,240.04,7.03;14,56.00,695.25,232.01,7.03;14,56.00,705.47,232.02,7.03;14,56.00,715.70,146.89,7.03" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">On the structure of self-regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Carver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Scheier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/B978-012109890-2/50032-9</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/B978-012109890-2/50032-9" />
		<editor>M. Boekaerts, P. R. Pintrich, &amp; M. Zeidner</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="84" />
			<pubPlace>San Diego, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Handbook of self-regulation</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,77.20,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,87.34,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,97.47,150.46,7.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sensitivity of goodness of fit indexes to lack of measurement invariance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/10705510701301834</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10705510701301834" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="464" to="504" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,107.61,240.03,7.03;14,314.00,117.75,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,127.88,136.40,7.03" xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The nature of emotions: Fundamental questions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. Ekman &amp; R. J. Davidson</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="111" />
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Why emotions are felt</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,138.02,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,148.15,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,158.29,232.01,7.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The structure of emotional relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Derivera</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Review of personality and social psychology</title>
		<editor>P. Shaver</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="116" to="145" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Special issue on emotions, relationships, and health</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,314.00,168.43,81.76,7.03" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Beverly</forename><surname>Hills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ca: Sage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,178.56,240.01,7.03;14,314.00,188.70,160.42,7.03" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Chimpanzee politics: Power and sex among apes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>De Wall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<publisher>Johns Hopkins University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Baltimore, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,198.83,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,208.97,232.03,7.03;14,314.00,219.11,232.00,7.03;14,314.00,229.24,30.00,7.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Norms for experiencing emotions in different cultures: Inter-and intranational differences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Eid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Diener</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.81.5.869</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.81.5.869" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="869" to="885" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,239.38,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,249.51,231.99,7.04;14,314.00,259.66,107.78,7.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relation of empathy to prosocial and related behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Eisenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-2909.101.1.91</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-2909.101.1.91" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="119" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,269.80,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,279.93,232.00,7.03;14,314.00,290.07,177.95,7.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Universals and cultural differences in facial expression of emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ekman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Nebraska symposium on motivation</title>
		<editor>J. Cole</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Lincoln, NE</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Nebraska Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="207" to="283" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,300.20,240.01,7.03;14,314.00,310.34,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,320.48,136.40,7.03" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The nature of emotions: Fundamental questions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ekman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. Ekman &amp; R. J. Davidson</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="19" />
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>All emotions are basic</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,330.61,240.01,7.03;14,314.00,340.75,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,350.88,21.55,7.03" xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The handbook of cognition and emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ekman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>T. Dalgleish &amp; T. Power</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="60" />
			<pubPlace>Sussex, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Basic emotions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,361.02,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,371.16,171.28,7.03" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The nature of emotion: Fundamental questions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ekman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Davidson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,381.29,240.01,7.03;14,314.00,391.43,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,401.56,232.04,7.03;14,314.00,411.70,18.89,7.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Appraisal processes in emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ellsworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Scherer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of affective sciences</title>
		<editor>R. J. Davidson, K. R. Scherer, &amp; H. Goldsmith</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="572" to="595" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,421.84,240.00,7.03;14,314.00,431.97,27.78,7.03" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The biological basis of personality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Eysenck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
			<publisher>Thomas</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Springfield, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,442.11,240.03,7.03;14,314.00,452.24,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,462.38,232.00,7.03;14,314.00,472.52,84.89,7.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beat them or ban them: The characteristics and social functions of anger and contempt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roseman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.93.1.103</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.93.1.103" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="115" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,482.65,240.03,7.03;14,314.00,492.79,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,502.92,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,513.06,93.54,7.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for investigating structural equivalence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Fontaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Cross-cultural research methods in psychology</title>
		<editor>D. Matsumoto &amp; E. van de Vijver</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, England</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="215" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,523.20,240.03,7.03;14,314.00,533.33,55.33,7.03" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Frijda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, England</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,543.47,240.00,7.03;14,314.00,553.60,223.55,7.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The place of appraisal in emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Frijda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/02699939308409193</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/02699939308409193" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="357" to="387" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,563.74,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,573.88,232.03,7.03;14,314.00,584.01,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,594.15,232.01,7.03;14,314.00,604.28,12.00,7.03" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Emotion and culture: Empirical studies of mutual influence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Frijda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/10152-002</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/10152-002" />
		<editor>S. Kitayama &amp; H. R. Markus</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>American Psychological Association</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="87" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The social roles and functions of emotions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,614.42,240.03,7.03;14,314.00,624.56,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,634.69,232.00,7.03;14,314.00,644.82,34.00,7.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Preferred stimulation levels in introverts and extroverts: Effects on arousal and performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Geen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.46.6.1303</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.46.6.1303" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1303" to="1312" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,654.94,240.01,7.03;14,314.00,665.07,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,675.19,146.67,7.03" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Compassion: An evolutionary analysis and empirical review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Goetz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Simon-Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0018807</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0018807" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="374" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="14,306.00,685.32,240.02,7.03;14,314.00,695.44,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,705.57,232.02,7.03;14,314.00,715.69,75.32,7.03;14,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;14,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;14,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;14,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;14,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;14,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;14,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;14,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;14,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;14,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;14,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;14,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;14,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;14,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;14,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;14,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;14,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;14,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;14,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;14,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;14,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;14,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;14,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;14,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;14,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;14,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;14,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;14,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;14,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;14,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;14,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;14,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;14,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;14,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;14,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Needs and incentives as sources of goals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kappes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Oettingen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Frontiers of social psychology. Goal-directed behavior</title>
		<editor>H. Aarts &amp; A. J. Elliot</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Psychology Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="150" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,77.20,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,87.34,232.00,7.03;15,56.00,97.48,232.00,7.03;15,56.00,107.61,214.16,7.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Approach motivation and its relationship to positive and negative emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Harmon-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Price</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gable</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of positive emotions</title>
		<editor>M. Tugade, M. L. Shiota, &amp; L. D. Kirby</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="118" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,117.75,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,127.88,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,138.02,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,148.16,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,158.29,61.08,7.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An exploration of cultural variation in self-enhancing and self-improving motivations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Nebraska symposium on motivation</title>
		<editor>V. Murphy-Berman &amp; J. J. Berman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Lincoln</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Nebraska Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="128" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Cross-cultural differences in perspectives on the self</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,168.43,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,178.57,231.89,7.03;15,56.00,188.70,47.78,7.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-discrepancy: A theory relating self and affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.94.3.319</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.94.3.319" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="319" to="340" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,198.84,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,208.97,232.00,7.03;15,56.00,219.11,51.78,7.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Value from hedonic experience and engagement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0033-295X.113.3.439</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0033-295X.113.3.439" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="460" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,229.25,240.00,7.03;15,56.00,239.38,136.40,7.03" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Beyond pleasure and pain: How motivation works</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,249.52,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,259.65,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,269.79,232.03,7.03;15,56.00,279.93,126.66,7.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development of prosocial motivation: Empathy and guilt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/B978-0-12-234980-5.50016-X</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-234980-5.50016-X" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Development of prosocial behavior</title>
		<editor>N. Eisenberg-Berg</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="281" to="313" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,290.06,240.00,7.03;15,56.00,300.20,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,310.33,17.55,7.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trust in close relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Rempel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Close relationships</title>
		<editor>C. Hendrick</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Newbury Park, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="220" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,320.47,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,330.61,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,340.74,231.97,7.03;15,56.00,350.88,68.00,7.03" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Cutoff criteria for fit indexes in covariance structure analysis: Conventional criteria versus new alternatives. Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/10705519909540118</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/10705519909540118" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="55" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,361.01,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,371.15,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,381.29,136.08,7.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modernization, cultural change, and the persistence of traditional values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Inglehart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.2307/2657288</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.2307/2657288" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,391.42,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,401.56,50.44,7.03" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The face of emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Izard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<publisher>Appleton-Century-Crofts</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,411.69,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,421.83,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,431.97,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,442.10,113.14,7.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perspectives on emotional development: Differential emotions theory of early emotional development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Izard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Malatesta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of infant development</title>
		<editor>J. D. Osofsky</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="494" to="540" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,452.24,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,462.37,231.97,7.03;15,56.00,472.51,60.00,7.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Functional accounts of emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/026999399379140</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/026999399379140" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="467" to="480" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,482.65,240.00,7.03;15,56.00,492.78,232.00,7.03;15,56.00,502.92,80.22,7.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social functions of emotions at four levels of analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Haidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/026999399379168</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/026999399379168" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="505" to="521" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,513.05,240.01,7.03;15,56.00,523.19,232.03,7.03;15,56.00,533.33,189.72,7.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social functions of emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Haidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Emotions: Current issues and future directions</title>
		<editor>T. J. Mayne &amp; G. A. Bonanno</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="192" to="213" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,543.46,240.02,7.03;15,56.00,553.60,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,563.73,230.21,7.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Culture, emotion, and well-being: Good feelings in Japan and the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kurokawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/026999300379003</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/026999300379003" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="124" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,573.87,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,584.01,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,594.14,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,604.28,231.96,7.03;15,56.00,614.41,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural affordances and emotional experience: Socially engaging and disengaging emotions in Japan and the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Karasawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.5.890</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.91.5.890" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="890" to="903" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,624.55,240.04,7.03;15,56.00,634.69,232.02,7.03;15,56.00,644.81,181.26,7.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reward: Neural circuitry for social valuation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Knutson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Wimmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Social neuroscience</title>
		<editor>E. Harmon-Jones &amp; P. Winkielman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="157" to="175" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,654.94,240.00,7.03;15,56.00,665.06,232.04,7.03;15,56.00,675.19,232.01,7.03;15,56.00,685.31,128.18,7.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A theory of goal-systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kruglanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Shah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fishbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Friedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Chun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sleeth-Keppler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Advances in experimental social psychology</title>
		<editor>M. P. Zanna</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Diego, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="378" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,48.00,695.44,240.03,7.03;15,56.00,705.56,231.99,7.05;15,56.00,715.70,109.55,7.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Progress on a cognitive-motivational-relational theory of emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lazarus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0003-066X.46.8.819</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0003-066X.46.8.819" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Psychologist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="819" to="834" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,77.20,240.04,7.03;15,314.00,87.51,192.61,7.03" xml:id="b53">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Passion and reason: Making sense of our emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lazarus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Lazarus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,97.82,240.02,7.03;15,314.00,108.13,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,118.43,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,128.74,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,139.05,18.00,7.03" xml:id="b54">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The cultural construction of self and emotion: Implications for social behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kitayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>American Psychological Association</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="130" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Emotion and culture: Empirical studies of mutual influence</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,149.35,240.03,7.03;15,314.00,159.66,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,169.97,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,180.28,231.99,7.03;15,314.00,190.58,100.22,7.03" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In search of golden rules: Comment on hypothesis-testing approaches to setting cutoff values for fit indexes and dangers in overgeneralizing Hu and Bentler&apos;s (1999) findings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Marsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Wen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1207/s15328007sem1103_2</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1207/s15328007sem1103_2" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="320" to="341" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,200.89,240.02,7.03;15,314.00,211.20,232.00,7.03;15,314.00,221.50,104.41,7.03" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emoting: A contextualized process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The mind in context</title>
		<editor>B. Mesquita, L. F. Barrett, &amp; E. R. Smith</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="83" to="104" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,231.81,240.00,7.03;15,314.00,242.12,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,252.41,232.03,7.03;15,314.00,262.71,55.33,7.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of culture in appraisal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mesquita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ellsworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Appraisal processes in emotion: Theory, methods, research</title>
		<editor>K. R. Scherer &amp; A. Schorr</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="248" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,273.00,240.03,7.03;15,314.00,283.30,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,293.59,229.83,7.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sad as a matter of choice? Emotion-regulation goals in depression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Millgram</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Joormann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Huppert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0956797615583295</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0956797615583295" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1216" to="1228" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,303.89,240.04,7.03;15,314.00,314.19,86.64,7.03" xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Psychology of Goals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Grant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,324.48,240.02,7.03;15,314.00,334.78,232.03,7.03;15,314.00,345.07,232.00,7.03;15,314.00,355.37,91.73,7.03" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotions and goals: Assessing relations between values and emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M A</forename><surname>Nelissen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J M</forename><surname>Dijker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>De Vries</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/02699930600861330</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/02699930600861330" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="902" to="911" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,365.66,240.03,7.03;15,314.00,375.96,232.00,7.03;15,314.00,386.25,225.45,7.03" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Compassion, pride, and social intuitions of self-other similarity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Oveis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Horberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0017628</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0017628" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="618" to="630" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,396.55,240.02,7.03;15,314.00,406.84,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,417.14,176.74,7.03" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implications of dysfunctional emotions for understanding how emotions function</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Parrott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1089-2680.5.3.180</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/1089-2680.5.3.180" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of General Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="180" to="186" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,427.43,240.04,7.03;15,314.00,437.73,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,448.02,231.96,7.03;15,314.00,458.32,62.00,7.03;15,306.00,468.61,240.01,7.03;15,314.00,478.91,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,489.20,231.99,7.03;15,314.00,499.50,59.33,7.03" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Basic personal values and the meaning of left-right political orientations in 20 countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Piurko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">; R</forename><surname>Davidov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/B978-0-12-558701-3.50007-7</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-558701-3.50007-7" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Theories of emotion</title>
		<editor>R. Plutchik &amp; H. Kellerman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="33" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>A general psychoevolutionary theory of emotion</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,509.79,239.99,7.03;15,314.00,520.09,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,530.38,84.21,7.03" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">What we want is what we get: Group-based emotional preferences and conflict resolution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Porat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Halperin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Manuscript submitted for publication</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,540.68,239.99,7.03;15,314.00,550.97,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,561.27,156.40,7.03" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">HLM 7: Hierarchical linear and nonlinear modeling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Raudenbush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bryk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Cheong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Congdon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Toit</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lincolnwood</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Scientific Software International</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,571.57,240.01,7.03;15,314.00,581.86,232.02,7.03;15,314.00,592.16,149.74,7.03" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cognitive determinants of emotions: A structural theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roseman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Review of personality and social psychology</title>
		<editor>P. Shaver</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Beverly Hills, CA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Sage</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11" to="36" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,602.45,240.00,7.03;15,314.00,612.75,232.03,7.03;15,314.00,623.04,232.04,7.03;15,314.00,633.34,232.03,7.03;15,314.00,643.63,112.64,7.03" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A model of appraisal in the emotion system: Integrating theory, research, and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roseman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Appraisal processes in emotion: Theory, methods, research</title>
		<editor>K. R. Scherer, A. Schorr, &amp; T. Johnstone</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford, England</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="91" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Series in affective science</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,653.93,240.03,7.03;15,314.00,664.22,232.04,7.03;15,314.00,674.52,232.01,7.03;15,314.00,684.81,86.89,7.03" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Not all collectivisms are equal: Opposing preferences for ideal affect between East Asians and Mexicans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Ruby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Falk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Villa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Silberstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0029118</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0029118" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1206" to="1209" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,306.00,695.11,240.01,7.03;15,314.00,705.40,232.03,7.03;15,314.00,715.70,155.96,7.03" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the nature and function of emotion: A component process approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Scherer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Approaches to emotion</title>
		<editor>K. R. Scherer &amp; P. Ekman</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Hillsdale, NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="317" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="15,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;15,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;15,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;15,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;15,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;15,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;15,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;15,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;15,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;15,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;15,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;15,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;15,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;15,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;15,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;15,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;15,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;15,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;15,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;15,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;15,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;15,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;15,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;15,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;15,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;15,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;15,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;15,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;15,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;15,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;15,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;15,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;15,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;15,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;15,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44" xml:id="b70">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,77.20,240.04,7.03;16,56.00,87.20,232.05,7.03;16,56.00,97.20,18.89,7.03" xml:id="b71">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Appraisal processes in emotion: Theory, methods, research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Scherer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Schorr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Johnstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,107.20,240.03,7.03;16,56.00,117.20,232.01,7.03;16,56.00,127.20,127.34,7.03" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Individualism-collectivism: Critique and proposed refinements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022022190212001</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/0022022190212001" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="157" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,137.20,240.02,7.03;16,56.00,147.20,232.02,7.03;16,56.00,157.20,232.00,7.03;16,56.00,167.20,79.10,7.03" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Universals in the content and structure of values: Theoretical advances and empirical tests in 20 countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0065-2601%2808%2960281-6</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0065-2601" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">08</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60281" to="60287" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,177.20,240.03,7.03;16,56.00,187.20,232.01,7.03;16,56.00,197.20,100.22,7.03" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A theory of cultural value orientations: Explication and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1163/156913306778667357</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1163/156913306778667357" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,207.20,240.03,7.03;16,56.00,217.20,232.02,7.03;16,56.00,227.20,209.61,7.03" xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward a universal psychological structure of human values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Bilsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.53.3.550</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.53.3.550" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="550" to="562" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,237.20,240.02,7.03;16,56.00,247.20,232.01,7.03;16,56.00,257.20,176.79,7.03" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Values and behavior: Validating the refined value theory in Russia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Butenko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/ejsp.2053</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/ejsp.2053" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="799" to="813" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,267.20,240.02,7.03;16,56.00,277.20,231.99,7.03;16,56.00,287.20,231.84,7.03;16,56.00,297.20,46.00,7.03" xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Basic personal values, core political values, and voting: A longitudinal analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Caprara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vecchione</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9221.2010.00764.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9221.2010.00764.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="421" to="452" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,307.20,240.02,7.03;16,56.00,317.20,231.99,7.03;16,56.00,327.20,231.99,7.03;16,56.00,337.20,147.63,7.03" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Refining the theory of basic individual values</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cieciuch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vecchione</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Davidov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Beierlein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Konty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0029393</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0029393" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="663" to="688" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,347.20,240.02,7.03;16,56.00,357.20,232.01,7.03;16,56.00,367.20,232.00,7.03;16,56.00,377.20,34.00,7.03" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sex differences in value priorities: Cross-cultural and multimethod studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Rubel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.89.6.1010</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.89.6.1010" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1010" to="1028" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,387.20,240.03,7.03;16,56.00,397.20,232.00,7.03;16,56.00,407.20,232.01,7.03;16,56.00,417.20,55.33,7.03" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Love as attachment: The integration of three behavioral systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Shaver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hazan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bradshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The psychology of love</title>
		<editor>R. J. Sternberg &amp; M. Barnes</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Haven, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Yale University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="68" to="99" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,427.20,240.01,7.03;16,56.00,437.20,232.00,7.03;16,56.00,447.20,232.02,7.03;16,56.00,457.20,131.51,7.03" xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A behavioral systems approach to romantic love relationships: Attachment, caregiving, and sex</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Shaver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mikulincer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The new psychology of love</title>
		<editor>R. J. Sternberg &amp; K. Weis</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Haven, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Yale University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="64" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,467.20,240.01,7.03;16,56.00,477.20,231.90,7.03;16,56.00,487.20,62.00,7.03" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interest-The curious emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Silvia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-8721.2008.00548.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-8721.2008.00548.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,497.20,240.01,7.03;16,56.00,507.20,232.03,7.03;16,56.00,517.20,55.33,7.03" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Triangulating love</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sternberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The psychology of love</title>
		<editor>R. J. Sternberg &amp; M. Barnes</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Haven, CT</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Yale University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="138" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,48.00,527.20,240.03,7.03;16,56.00,537.20,232.00,7.03;16,314.00,77.20,231.99,7.03;16,314.00,87.43,153.85,7.03" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An expectancy-value model of emotion regulation: Implications for motivation, emotional experience, and decision making</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Bigman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Rhodes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Salerno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Schreier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/emo0000021</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/emo0000021" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,97.66,240.00,7.03;16,314.00,107.89,232.01,7.03;16,314.00,118.11,177.40,7.03" xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When feeling bad is expected to be good: Emotion regulation and outcome expectancies in social conflicts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">Q</forename><surname>Ford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0024443</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0024443" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="807" to="816" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,128.34,240.02,7.03;16,314.00,138.57,231.99,7.03;16,314.00,148.79,148.22,7.03" xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hedonic and instrumental motives in anger regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tamir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9280.2008.02088.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9280.2008.02088.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="324" to="328" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,159.02,240.02,7.03;16,314.00,169.25,232.00,7.03;16,314.00,179.48,232.02,7.03;16,314.00,189.70,112.89,7.03" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The self-conscious emotions: Shame, guilt, embarrassment and pride</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tangney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/0470013494.ch26</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/0470013494.ch26" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">A handbook of cognition and emotion</title>
		<editor>T. Dalgleish &amp; M. Power</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="541" to="568" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,199.93,240.03,7.03;16,314.00,210.16,120.20,7.03" xml:id="b88">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Affect imagery consciousness: Vol. I. The positive affects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Tomkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1962" />
			<pubPlace>London, England: Tavistock</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,220.39,239.99,7.03;16,314.00,230.61,232.02,7.03;16,314.00,240.84,200.01,7.03" xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emerging insights into the nature and function of pride</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tracy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Robins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-8721.2007.00493.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-8721.2007.00493.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="150" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,251.07,240.02,7.03;16,314.00,261.29,232.02,7.03;16,314.00,271.52,232.00,7.03;16,314.00,281.74,140.69,7.03" xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pride: The fundamental emotion of success, power, and status</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tracy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Weidman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Martens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of positive emotion</title>
		<editor>M. Tugade, M. Shiota, &amp; L. Kirby</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="294" to="310" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,291.95,240.01,7.03;16,314.00,302.17,232.00,7.03;16,314.00,312.39,147.12,7.03" xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cultural variation in affect valuation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Knutson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.90.2.288</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022-3514.90.2.288" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="288" to="307" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,322.60,240.00,7.03;16,314.00,332.82,232.03,7.03;16,314.00,343.03,228.38,7.03" xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influence and adjustment goals: Sources of cultural differences in ideal affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Miao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Seppala</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yeung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1102" to="1117" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,353.25,240.00,7.03;16,314.00,363.47,232.03,7.03;16,314.00,373.68,232.02,7.03;16,314.00,383.90,188.51,7.03" xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A review and synthesis of the measurement invariance literature: Suggestions, practices, and recommendations for organizational research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vandenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/109442810031002</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/109442810031002" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,394.11,240.02,7.03;16,314.00,404.33,232.03,7.03;16,314.00,414.55,232.00,7.03;16,314.00,424.76,232.04,7.03;16,314.00,434.98,18.89,7.03" xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Equivalence and bias: A review of concepts, models, and data analytic procedures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J R</forename><surname>Van De Vijver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of cross-cultural research methods</title>
		<editor>D. Matsumoto &amp; F. J. R. van de Vijver</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="45" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,445.19,240.03,7.03;16,314.00,455.41,232.02,7.03;16,314.00,465.63,17.99,7.03" xml:id="b95">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The PANAS-X: Manual for the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule-Expanded form</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Ames: University of Iowa</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="16,306.00,475.84,240.01,7.03;16,314.00,486.06,119.30,7.03" xml:id="b96">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Biological bases of sensation seeking, impulsivity and anxiety</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Zuckerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
			<publisher>Erlbaum</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Hillsdale, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
