<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">How Do College Students Form Expectations?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2011">2011</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Basit</forename><surname>Zafar</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Federal Reserve Bank of New York</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">How Do College Students Form Expectations?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
							<date type="published" when="2011">2011</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>301 0734-306X/2011/2902-0004$10.00</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:22+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>This study focuses on how college students form expectations about various major-specific outcomes. For this purpose, I collect a panel data set of Northwestern University undergraduates that contains their subjective expectations about major-specific outcomes. Although students tend to be overconfident about their future academic performance, they revise their expectations in expected ways. The updating process is found to be consistent with a Bayesian learning model. I show that learning plays a role in the decision to switch majors and that major switchers respond to information from their own major. I also present evidence that learning is general and not entirely major specific.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>I. Introduction</head><p>Schooling choices are made under uncertainty-uncertainty about personal tastes, individual abilities, and realizations of choice-related outcomes. Although some theoretical work incorporates the uncertainty as-sociated with schooling choices <ref type="bibr" coords="2,208.92,66.19,61.59,9.66" target="#b27">(Manski 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,274.84,66.19,57.07,9.66" target="#b0">Altonji 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,336.25,66.19,40.38,9.66;2,65.75,78.14,21.43,9.66" target="#b26">Malamud 2007)</ref>, there is little empirical work in this area (exceptions include <ref type="bibr" coords="2,353.47,78.14,17.42,9.66;2,65.75,90.10,54.19,9.66" target="#b3">Bamberger 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,124.67,90.10,79.65,9.66" target="#b1">Arcidiacono 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,209.00,90.10,167.63,9.66" target="#b10">Cunha, Heckman, and Navarro 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,65.75,102.05,51.90,9.66" target="#b32">Stange 2008)</ref>. Moreover, existing empirical studies make nonverifiable assumptions on expectations, assume individuals are rational and form expectations in the same way, and use choice data to infer decision rules conditional on the maintained assumptions about expectations. This approach is problematic for several reasons. First, observed choices may be consistent with several combinations of expectations and preferences <ref type="bibr" coords="2,65.75,173.78,59.92,9.66" target="#b27">(Manski 1993)</ref>. Second, the information-processing rule has varied considerably among studies of schooling behavior, and it's not clear which is the correct one to use (given that individuals may use idiosyncratic rules to form their beliefs). A solution to this identification problem is to directly elicit subjective beliefs <ref type="bibr" coords="2,216.81,221.60,57.32,9.66" target="#b27">(Manski 2004</ref>) and incorporate them into choice models <ref type="bibr" coords="2,151.46,233.55,78.54,9.66" target="#b12">(Delavande 2008a;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,233.63,233.55,43.46,9.66" target="#b36">Zafar 2009</ref>). However, to predict behavior in a new scenario that could possibly affect expectations in nonobvious ways, one would need to understand the process of expectations formation. Moreover, once education is treated as a sequential choice, it is clear that understanding how students perceive and resolve uncertainty about (pecuniary and nonpecuniary) returns to a choice is a prerequisite for informed analysis of schooling decisions. Because few studies collect data on subjective beliefs, and even fewer follow the same respondents over time, little is known about how students form expectations and resolve uncertainty in the context of schooling choices. The main goal of this study is to fill this gap in the literature.</p><p>This study examines how and why college students revise their expectations about outcomes related to choice of major. For this purpose, I designed and conducted two surveys that elicited subjective expectations from Northwestern University undergraduates regarding their choice of major. The first survey, administered to students in the early part of their sophomore year, collected details on students' demographics and subjective beliefs about major-specific outcomes; these data were used to estimate a choice model of college majors <ref type="bibr" coords="2,235.58,448.74,46.60,9.66" target="#b36">(Zafar 2009</ref>). The second survey, conducted about a year after the first, collected data on how individuals revise their beliefs for major-specific outcomes. Both surveys elicited the respondents' beliefs about outcomes for their own major as well as for some other majors in their choice set. Since understanding the mechanisms that lead individuals to revise their beliefs also requires data that directly identify new information, the surveys also contained questions that identified some of the new information about their academic ability that individuals had acquired between the two surveys. The major-specific outcomes for which beliefs were elicited include both outcomes realized in college and those realized in the workplace. Examples of the former include graduating in 4 years, enjoying the course work, and having parents approve of the choice, while examples of the latter include outcomes like finding a job upon graduation and earnings at the jobs. While some of these outcomes are binary (e.g., a student either graduates in 4 years or not), others, such as earnings, are continuous. The data are described in Section II.</p><p>Section III of the article analyzes how and why students update their beliefs. Analysis of the panel on beliefs shows that students, in response to new information, modify their beliefs systematically and somewhat rationally. This finding matches with conclusions reached in <ref type="bibr" coords="3,335.16,161.83,41.49,9.66;3,65.75,173.78,24.90,9.66" target="#b6">Bernheim (1988)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,100.08,173.78,71.68,9.66" target="#b13">Dominitz (1998)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,181.19,173.78,141.64,9.66" target="#b31">Smith, Taylor, and Sloan (2001)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,332.16,173.78,44.49,9.66;3,65.75,185.74,67.72,9.66" target="#b22">Hurd and McGarry (2002)</ref>, and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,159.19,185.74,63.77,9.66" target="#b25">Lochner (2007)</ref>, all of whom find that expectations are responsive to new information. However, existing studies, due to lack of data that identify new information, cannot pin down the causal explanation for the revision in expectations without making some assumptions either on the prior expectations or on how to interpret changes in the environment. 1 This study uses a more direct measure of new information. In order to understand the mechanisms that lead to revision of beliefs, the first survey elicited beliefs of future GPA over a horizon of 1 year; these GPA realizations were observed at the time of the second survey. Comparing the beliefs with actual realizations of GPA allows me to develop an "information metric" that identifies some new information about their own unobserved academic ability that students learn between the two surveys. Based on beliefs reported in the first survey, I find that students, on average, tend to be overconfident about their future academic performance. However, they adjust their beliefs in response to the new information appropriately. Using local linear regressions, I find that students who receive positive information revise upward their predictions of short-term future GPA only if the information content is very positive, and similarly those who receive negative information revise their predictions downward only if the information content is very negative. Students who receive information that is in the intermediate range don't revise their short-term GPA beliefs. Moreover, no effect is found on long-term GPA expectations. I also find a negative relationship between the information metric and revisions in beliefs about number of hours per week that students expect to spend on course work. This result suggests that students view ability and effort as substitutes in the production of their achievement, which is consistent with <ref type="bibr" coords="3,205.87,496.56,166.66,9.66" target="#b33">Stinebrickner and Stinebrickner (2007)</ref>, who find a causal effect of studying on academic performance. I do not find a systematic relationship between the information metric and revisions in beliefs for outcomes associated with the workplace.</p><p>Since I collect data on revisions in beliefs for outcomes associated with the respondent's current major as well as some other majors in the respondent's choice set, I can also address the question of whether learning is general or major specific. 2 Similar patterns of belief updating are observed for the various binary outcomes across the different major categories. Section III shows that the extent to which respondents resolve their uncertainty for the various binary outcomes is similar across both own major and other major categories. In response to new information, students also revise their beliefs about academic ability and expected course work hours per week for these other major categories in a meaningful way. In particular, I cannot reject the null that belief updating and resolution of uncertainty for the various outcomes is similar across pursued as well as nonpursued majors. These results suggest that, besides having a major-specific component, learning also has a general component: by learning about match quality in one's own major, students are acquiring information not only in their current major but also in other majors. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,361.29,268.58,2.99,5.31">3</ref> In that sense, the results are in line with more recent models of labor market learning where learning has both a match-specific component and a general one <ref type="bibr" coords="4,103.52,305.28,56.21,9.66" target="#b20">(Gorry 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,163.21,305.28,82.85,9.66" target="#b29">Papageorgiou 2010)</ref>.</p><p>I do not estimate a specific model of learning in this study. There are at least two reasons for this: (1) the analysis shows heterogeneity in information-processing rules employed by students, and hence testing a particular learning model is not very useful; and (2) the purpose of collecting subjective data is to relax assumptions on expectations formation, and estimating a model of learning somewhat defeats this purpose. However, in Section IV, I test whether students use Bayesian updating-the most common model used in empirical work-when revising beliefs for binary outcomes. I find that individuals who are more uncertain about the major-specific outcomes in the initial survey make greater absolute revisions in their beliefs. In terms of the revision process, the prior belief (i.e., belief reported in the first survey) is significant for almost all outcomes and information metric is significant for more than half of the outcomes. I also find that the information metric is relatively less useful in explaining the updating for beliefs in nonpursued majors. Given that the information metric is a measure of the extent of learning about unobserved ability in pursued majors, this finding should not be surprising. These results are broadly consistent with a Bayesian learning model.</p><p>Over time, students may change their schooling choices (drop out of college or change their field of study) as they learn about their ability, tastes, and quality of match. Dropouts are rare in the current setting: 93% of Northwestern University undergraduate students graduate with a degree within 5 years of first enrolling. Instead, the phenomenon of switching majors is more common: 12% of the students in my sample switched majors between the two surveys. 4 The analysis in Section V suggests that learning plays a role in the decision to switch majors. While I don't find a significant role for the information metric or realized GPA changes in the decision to switch majors, there is evidence that negative revisions in beliefs about graduating in 4 years, enjoying course work, and expected salary are associated with dropping a major. Analysis of the initial beliefs of major switchers reveals that they tend to have optimistic beliefs of outcomes in the original major relative to individuals who don't switch majors, but similar beliefs for alternative majors. This suggests that students who switch majors are primarily responding to information in their own major.</p><p>The bulk of the analysis in the study on learning and belief updating focuses on binary outcomes. This is because only the expected value was elicited for continuous outcomes (such as future earnings, course work hours per week), and knowledge of the distribution would be needed to conduct any thorough analysis. To understand how students revise their beliefs about continuous outcomes, Section VI focuses on whether students' predictions of earnings become more accurate over time. 5 Since no objective data exist with which students' own expected major-conditional income can be compared, I instead analyze how students' predictions of starting salaries of recent graduates evolve over time. The advantage of this approach is that earnings data exist for these recent graduates. The analysis reveals that while students' prediction errors get smaller over time, it is only prediction errors in own major that get smaller. Prediction errors in nonpursued major continue to stay the same, with students primarily underestimating salaries in nonpursued majors.</p><p>This study adds to the expanding literature on subjective expectations and makes at least three contributions. First, it is one of the few studies 4 Switching of majors is a common occurrence in other settings as well. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,101.96,531.13,73.73,8.70" target="#b1">Arcidiacono (2004)</ref> finds that 18% of the students in the National Longitudinal Study of 1972 who attend college switch majors. Similarly, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,323.66,541.09,53.01,8.70" target="#b0">Altonji (1993)</ref> documents the discrepancy between planned majors and actual majors. 5 Several cross-sectional studies have elicited subjective expectations about monetary returns in the context of higher education: <ref type="bibr" coords="5,247.57,570.98,57.57,8.70" target="#b18">Freeman (1971)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,310.62,570.98,66.01,8.70;5,65.75,580.94,22.41,8.70" target="#b30">Smith and Powell (1990)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,94.99,580.94,88.32,8.70" target="#b8">Blau and Ferber (1991)</ref>, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,190.13,580.94,44.78,8.70" target="#b7">Betts (1996)</ref>, and <ref type="bibr" coords="5,258.77,580.94,111.20,8.70" target="#b14">Dominitz and Manski (1996)</ref>. that analyzes how students form and update expectations about educational choices. The only other study in this regard is <ref type="bibr" coords="6,300.57,78.64,76.07,9.66;6,65.75,91.09,84.34,9.66" target="#b33">Stinebrickner and Stinebrickner (2008)</ref>, who use a panel of subjective beliefs about academic ability from low-income college students and study how students update their beliefs about grades and how these beliefs affect their college dropout decision. While they have better and higher frequency to address the question of learning about grades, the current study focuses on learning for a broad set of outcomes, uses a more direct measure of information, makes arguably fewer assumptions, and also sheds light on the process of learning in counterfactual majors. The second point of departure of the paper relative to existing literature is that new information is directly backed out from changes in expectations, instead of imposing assumptions on the link between the environment and private information available to the decision maker, as is the norm in the literature. 6 Third, since I collect data on revisions in beliefs for pursued majors as well as counterfactual choices, I can shed light on how learning in pursued majors differs from that in nonpursued majors. The question of general versus specific learning is something that has only been studied in the context of labor market learning and remains unexplored in the context of education because of the breadth of data required to assess this. Finally, Section VII of the article concludes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>II. Data</head><p>The data used in this study come from two surveys that were administered to a sample of students in Northwestern University's undergraduate class of 2009. The first survey was administered to students in the early part of their sophomore year over the period from November 2006 to February 2007. I denote this as the Fall 2006 or initial survey for the empirical analysis. Since Northwestern University requires students to officially declare their majors by the beginning of their junior year, the timing of the initial survey corresponds to the period when students are actively thinking about which major to choose. The second survey was administered to a subset of the initial survey takers at the beginning of their junior year, when students had presumably settled on their final majors. 7 The survey spanned the period from November 2007 to February 2008. I denote it as the Fall 2007 or follow-up survey.</p><p>Respondents for the initial survey were recruited by flyers posted around campus and by e-mailing a sample of eligible sophomores whose e-mail addresses were provided by the Northwestern Office of the Registrar. Prospective participants were told that the survey was about the choice of college majors and that they would receive $10 for completing the 45-minute electronic survey. Respondents were required to come to the Kellogg Experimental Laboratory to take the electronic survey.</p><p>A total of 161 sophomores took the first survey, 92 of whom were females. The 45-minute survey consisted of three parts. The first part collected demographic and background information (including parents' and siblings' occupations and college majors, source of college funding, etc.). The second part collected data relevant for the estimation of the choice model (see <ref type="bibr" coords="7,142.07,233.55,41.96,9.66" target="#b36">Zafar 2009</ref>). The third part collected beliefs about future GPA at different time horizons. At the end of the survey, respondents were asked if they were willing to participate in a follow-up survey in a year's time.</p><p>Of the 161 respondents who took the initial survey, 156 agreed to be contacted for the follow-up. About a year after the first survey, individuals who gave their consent were contacted by e-mail for the follow-up; the e-mail summarized the findings of the initial survey and the purpose of the follow-up. Students were told that they would be compensated $15 for the 1-hour electronic survey. The follow-up was administered in the PC Laboratory located in the Northwestern Main Library.</p><p>Of the 156 initial survey respondents, 117 (75%) took the follow-up survey. The first column of table 1 shows the characteristics of individuals who took the follow-up survey. For comparison, characteristics of the initial sample and the actual sophomore population are shown in columns 2 and 3, respectively. Respondents to the follow-up survey seem similar to the initial survey respondents in most aspects. Even though the average GPA of follow-up respondents is higher than that of the initial survey takers, the difference is not statistically significant. The bottom panel of table 1 shows that the distribution of majors in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences (WCAS) for the students taking the two surveys is similar, suggesting no differential attrition by field of study. Students of Asian ethnicity are overrepresented in the survey samples (both in the initial and follow-up survey) relative to their population proportion. Survey takers, especially males, have higher average GPAs than their population counterparts. However, for the purposes of this study, it is the selection into the follow-up survey that would be of concern. Based on f Whether the respondent was pursuing a second major at the time of the initial survey. g Difference in GPAs within gender between the two surveys is insignificant (two-tailed t-test). h Major distribution of students. In cases where the survey respondent has more than one major in WCAS (Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences), only the first one is included. Majors that appear in each category are listed in table A1. observables, I don't find any selection in who decides to take the followup survey. To the extent that certain ethnicities are overrepresented in my sample relative to the underlying population, this should bias the results only if one believes that the process of belief updating and learning is differentially affected by these traits. Since my sample overrepresents Asians, for robustness purposes I repeat the analysis in the study by excluding this group. The results do not change qualitatively.</p><p>The follow-up survey consisted of two parts. The first part focused on how individuals revise their beliefs about major-specific outcomes. While the initial survey elicited beliefs about outcomes associated with all majors in the individual's choice set (which could be eight or nine majors), 8 the follow-up survey elicited beliefs for major-specific outcomes for only three different major categories in the individual's choice set. Beliefs about the major-specific outcomes were elicited for (1) the major that the individual was pursuing at the time of the follow-up survey (one's most preferred major or current major), (2) the individual's second major (or the second most preferred major at the time of the follow-up survey if the student did not have a second major), and (3) a major that the individual had once pursued but was no longer pursuing (if this was not applicable, beliefs were elicited for the least preferred major in the individual's choice set at the time of the follow-up survey). The second part of the survey collected data on the individuals' GPA at different points in the past as well as on their beliefs about their academic performance at different points in the future. Individuals were also requested to upload their transcripts; only 41 respondents (35%) permitted access to their transcript data, and hence these data are not used in the analysis.</p><p>The set of major-specific outcomes for which beliefs were elicited can be classified as outcomes realized in college, denoted by the vector a, and outcomes realized in the workplace, denoted by the vector c. The vector a includes the outcomes successfully completing (graduating) a field of study in 4 years, a 1 graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5 in the field of study, 9 a 2 enjoying the course work, a 3 hours per week spent on the course work, a 4 parents approve of the major, a 5 while the vector c consists of obtain an acceptable job immediately upon graduation, c 1 enjoy working at the jobs available after graduation, c 2 are able to reconcile work and family while at the available jobs, c 3 hours per week spent working at the available jobs, c 4 social status of the available jobs, c 5 income at the available jobs.  earlier, the initial survey elicited these beliefs for all majors in the individual's choice set, while the follow-up survey elicited them for three different major categories in the individual's choice set.</p><p>Questions eliciting the subjective probabilities of major-specific outcomes were based on the use of percentages. An advantage of asking probabilistic questions relative to approaches that employ a Likert scale or a simple binary response (yes/no or true/false) is that responses are interpersonally comparable and allow the respondent to express uncertainty (see <ref type="bibr" coords="10,113.43,212.83,61.45,9.66" target="#b27">Manski [2004]</ref> for an overview of the literature on subjective expectations). As is standard in studies that collect subjective data, a short introduction was read and handed to the respondents at the start of the survey. The wording of the introduction was similar to that in <ref type="bibr" coords="10,331.89,249.29,44.80,9.66;10,65.75,261.45,29.28,9.66" target="#b12">Delavande (2008a)</ref>. An excerpt of the survey containing the introduction and list of questions dealing with the major-specific outcomes is presented in the appendix. The full survey questionnaire is available on request from the author.</p><p>It would be impossible to describe patterns in the responses for all outcomes. <ref type="table" coords="10,113.73,322.22,32.40,9.66" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref> presents only the subjective belief distributions reported in both surveys for graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5 in one's current major and one's least preferred major. The table shows that respondents use the entire scale from zero to 100 and that there is substantial heterogeneity in beliefs. Respondents tend to round off their responses to the nearest 5, especially for answers not at the extremes. There is a concern that respondents might answer 50% when they want to respond to the interviewer but are unable to make any reasonable probability assessment of the relevant question <ref type="bibr" coords="10,214.12,419.45,114.83,9.66" target="#b9">(Bruine de Bruin et al. 2000)</ref>. However, the 50% response is not the most frequent one in the majority of the cases. Over time, it seems that individuals tend to revise downward their beliefs for graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5 for both their current major and their least preferred major. For example, in the initial survey, nearly half of the respondents believed that there was a greater than 80% chance of graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5 in their current major. In the follow-up survey, the fraction of respondents who believed that to be the case had dropped to about 30%. The next section explores how students revise their beliefs.</p><p>10 Social status of available jobs, , was elicited as an ordinal ranking. In hind-c 5 sight, this question should have been asked in terms of the probabilistic chance of obtaining a high-status job, since the ordinal ranking does not reveal the respondent's uncertainty about the outcome. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>III. Belief Updating and Learning</head><p>One way to understand the process of how individuals form expectations is to study how expectations are revised in response to new information. This area remains relatively unexplored because studying this question requires following individuals over time and obtaining data that directly identify new information. Studies have found that expectations tend to be responsive to changes in the environment but, without making some assumptions, they cannot determine the causality since the data do not directly identify the new information. 11 These studies either assume that the changes in the environment were totally unanticipated and interpret the change as new information (e.g., the analysis in <ref type="bibr" coords="12,332.97,114.01,43.64,9.66;12,65.75,125.96,70.11,9.66" target="#b22">Hurd and McGarry [2002]</ref> treats the onset of cancer or the death of one's spouse as totally unpredictable) or invoke a variety of assumptions on prior expectations to identify new information (an approach used by <ref type="bibr" coords="12,335.15,149.87,41.49,9.66;12,65.75,161.83,21.44,9.66" target="#b6">Bernheim 1988)</ref>. Either way, existing studies impose a link between the new information and current information available to the decision maker. This study directly backs out the new information from changes in elicited expectations. The survey questionnaires included questions intended to identify changes in the student's information set. Using responses to these questions, this section analyzes how students revise their beliefs.</p><p>This section also tests for whether there are systematic differences in how students revise their beliefs for outcomes in different majors. Several tests are conducted to determine the extent of learning, that is, whether students only learn about and revise outcomes for their own major (majorspecific learning) or also learn about outcomes in other majors (general learning).</p><p>I first describe some patterns in students' revisions. <ref type="table" coords="12,304.06,305.28,31.46,9.66">Table 3</ref> regresses the change in beliefs between the two surveys for each outcome onto dummies for the different major categories (second preferred major, second major, dropped major, and least preferred major). The coefficients show the direction and magnitude of the mean change in beliefs about the various outcomes for each of the majors. Mean changes in the current major are indicated in the estimate of the constant. The estimate of the constant term shows significant negative revisions between the two surveys in student beliefs for graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5, enjoying course work, expected course work hours per week, enjoying work at the jobs, and positive revisions in beliefs of expected salary at age 30.</p><p>Results of two F-tests are also reported in each column of table 3. The purpose of the first F-test is to determine whether revisions for beliefs associated with majors excluding the current major are different from those in the current major; therefore, it tests for the joint significance of the covariates excluding the constant term. With the exception of revisions 11 For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="12,136.93,511.21,64.40,8.70" target="#b13">Dominitz (1998)</ref> finds that revisions to expectations of future earnings are associated with earnings that respondents realize between interviews. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,65.75,531.13,68.93,8.70" target="#b31">Smith et al. (2001)</ref> find that Health and Retirement Study respondents revise their longevity expectations sensibly in response to health shocks. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,300.58,541.09,76.09,8.70;12,65.75,551.06,23.90,8.70" target="#b22">Hurd and McGarry (2002)</ref> find that individuals revise their survival probabilities downward in response to the onset of cancer or the death of one's spouse. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,296.06,561.02,58.98,8.70" target="#b25">Lochner (2007)</ref> finds that individuals revise their arrest probabilities downward if, for example, a sibling engages in a crime. <ref type="table" coords="13,68.93,557.09,8.70,21.13;13,68.93,549.52,8.70,4.48">Table 3</ref> The Nature of Change in Beliefs for Outcomes in beliefs about expected course work hours per week, the null that the covariates are not jointly different from zero cannot be rejected for any outcome. The second F-test checks if revisions for beliefs associated with majors that an individual never pursued (the least preferred major and second preferred major) are different from those for the current major.</p><p>The null of similar revisions as for the current major can only be rejected for beliefs about expected course work hours per week and for expected salary at age 30. The results in table 3 suggest that revisions are of similar nature across the different major categories. This raises the question of whether learning is general or major specific. To address this, I analyze how the beliefs for the binary outcomes (elicited on a scale of 0-100) move toward the extremities. 12 For this purpose, I define:</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="14,65.75,229.25,310.89,59.80">bj S im 1 if (10 ! P (b p 1) ! 90) &amp; [P (b p 1) ≤ 10FP (b p 1) ≥ 90] im,t j im,tϩ1 j i m ,tϩ1 j p , { 0 otherwise that is, the indicator variable, equals one if respondent i's belief for b j</formula><p>S im outcome in major m moves from the nonextremities (between 10 and b j 90) in the initial survey to the extremities (defined as a response of ≤ 10 or ≥ 90) in the follow-up survey. 13 In table 4, this indicator is regressed onto a constant term and dummies for the different major categories (second preferred major, second major, dropped major, and least preferred major) for each of the binary outcomes. The coefficient on the constant term shows that beliefs for all outcomes associated with one's current major move into the extremities for a significant fraction of respondents. For example, in the case of parents' approval for one's own major, beliefs of 19% of the respondents move into the extremities, while beliefs for 11% of the respondents move into the extremities for graduating in 4 years in one's current major. If learning were major specific, one would expect coefficients on the various major dummies to be significantly different from zero. That is, however, not the case for most outcomes. A strict test for general learning versus major-specific learning would be that the coefficients on the second preferred major and the least preferred major (both major categories containing majors never pursued by the respondent) are not statistically different from zero. The F-test for the joint significance of the least preferred major and second preferred major dummies tests for this precisely. With the exception of beliefs about work <ref type="table" coords="15,68.93,560.13,8.70,21.13;15,68.93,552.55,8.70,4.48">Table 4</ref> Shift toward the Extremities flexibility, I fail to reject the null that learning (here defined as beliefs moving into the extremities) is general. It should be pointed out that the data I collect contain revisions in beliefs for one's own major, second (preferred) major, and least preferred or dropped major-all major categories that the respondent has developed strong feelings about. I do not observe revisions in beliefs for majors that were neither the most nor least preferred ones. Individuals are likely to learn the least about such majors. Therefore, while I cannot reject the null that learning is general for the different major categories that I have data on, the result may not hold for major categories that students learned the least about (i.e., majors that were neither the least nor most preferred).</p><p>A. Revisions of GPA Beliefs I next outline a simple model of belief updating. Let be ndividual X it i's expectation at time t about the value of a variable X that would be realized at some point in the future. Moreover, let denote i's infor-Q it mation set at time t. For simplicity, I assume that X is a binary event so that:</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="16,75.71,286.56,300.86,26.09">X p E(XFQ ) p Pr(X p 1FQ ). it it it Similarly, is i's expectation about the value of X at time . X t ϩ 1 itϩ1</formula><p>Individuals are assumed to use all available information in forming expectations; therefore, revisions of expectations are determined solely by new information. I further assume that, at time , the individual has t ϩ 1 access to all information that was available at time t. Therefore, Q p itϩ1 , where is new information that becomes available to i</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="16,65.75,361.83,97.03,10.59">(Q , q ) q it itϩ1 itϩ1</formula><p>between time t and . It follows that t ϩ 1</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="16,65.75,389.43,310.89,41.28">E(X FQ ) p E[E(XFQ , q )FQ ] p E(XFQ ) p X , itϩ1 it it itϩ1 it it it which implies that Pr (X p 1FQ ) p Pr (X p 1FQ ) ϩ ,<label>( 1 )</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="16,65.75,426.18,310.89,21.05">itϩ1 it itϩ1 where , that is, is a function of new information that E( FQ ) p 0 itϩ1 it itϩ1</formula><p>becomes available after time t. Equation <ref type="formula" coords="16,250.79,448.74,11.61,9.66" target="#formula_3">(1)</ref> states that the change in expectations between time t and about some event X that is realized t ϩ 1 at some point in the future is a function of new information that becomes available after time t.</p><p>In the context of this study, period t refers to the first survey, Fall 2006, and period refers to the follow-up survey, Fall 2007 (see <ref type="figure" coords="16,338.57,508.52,21.98,9.66" target="#fig_2">fig. 1</ref> for t ϩ 1 a visual depiction of the time line). The expression refers to the X p 1 binary event that the semester-specific GPA at the end of Spring 2008 (which is realized after the individual takes the follow-up survey) is above a certain threshold. In this case, the threshold is the individual's GPA at the time of the initial survey, so Pr (X p   <ref type="figure" coords="17,285.53,321.22,42.25,9.66">Figure 2B</ref> depicts the local linear regression estimates of the change in cumulative Graduating GPA beliefs on changes in realized GPA between the two surveys. Both surveys elicited the individuals' beliefs about their cumulative GPA at graduation in their major being above 3.5; the dependent variable is now the change in this belief. 16 As depicted in figure 2B, individuals revise their belief of graduating GPA downward in response to negative changes in realized GPA but do not revise upward their belief of graduating GPA in response to positive changes in realized GPA.</p><p>Similar responsiveness of Spring 2008 GPA beliefs to positive and negative changes in realized GPA may lead one to conclude that increases and decreases in realized GPA between the two surveys contained equally useful information. However, to be able to conclude this, one needs to discern the information content of the GPA realized at the beginning of reasons: for example, a student anticipating more difficult upper level courses will expect her GPA to trend downward over time; and a student for whom freshman year was a struggle may expect future courses to be easier and, hence, for her GPA to trend upward. Without accounting for these anticipated trends, a positive information shock may erroneously be inferred as a negative one or vice versa. Therefore, what is needed is a measure of GPA relative to this anticipated trend. More specifically, one needs to know the respondents' prior probability distributions (i.e., their belief in the In order to understand the responsiveness of beliefs about future GPA, it is important to discern the information content of the realized Fall 2007 GPA. The term in equation <ref type="formula" coords="19,213.47,185.74,11.61,9.66" target="#formula_3">(1)</ref> can be expressed as a function of itϩ1 new information:</p><formula xml:id="formula_5" coords="19,165.03,212.15,117.27,10.94">p h[q Ϫ E(q FQ )]. itϩ1 itϩ1 itϩ1 it</formula><p>Equation <ref type="formula" coords="19,108.40,227.58,11.59,9.66" target="#formula_3">(1)</ref> can now be written as:</p><formula xml:id="formula_6" coords="19,98.13,242.03,278.51,10.15">Pr (X p 1FQ ) Ϫ Pr (X p 1FQ ) p h[q Ϫ E(q FQ )],<label>(2)</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_7" coords="19,150.48,247.66,183.95,5.31">itϩ1 it itϩ1 itϩ1 it</formula><p>which basically states that the change in an individual's expectation between time t and time about some event X that is realized at some t ϩ 1 point in the future is a function of surprises between time t and . t ϩ 1 This equation highlights the challenges in studying the updating of expectations; the researcher not only needs to collect data on expectations of an agent over time but also must identify new information between periods. <ref type="bibr" coords="19,102.38,329.19,70.54,9.66" target="#b6">Bernheim (1988)</ref> uses assumptions on prior expectations in order to identify a model of revisions of Social Security benefit expectations. However, this approach defeats the purpose of collecting subjective expectations data. <ref type="bibr" coords="19,136.18,365.06,71.61,9.66" target="#b13">Dominitz (1998)</ref>    <ref type="figure" coords="20,92.81,377.01,43.33,9.66" target="#fig_2">Figure A1</ref> in the appendix shows the distribution of this belief. To construct the metric, the belief was normalized to zero-to-one scale.</p><p>Therefore, the metric varies from Ϫ1 (this is the case</p><formula xml:id="formula_8" coords="20,168.22,400.43,75.74,10.94">q Ϫ E(q FQ ) itϩ1</formula><p>itϩ1 it of extreme negative surprise where the individual expected the Spring 2007 GPA to be above the threshold with certainty in the Fall 2006 survey but that did not happen) to 1 (in the case of extreme positive surprise). The histogram in <ref type="figure" coords="20,145.73,448.74,34.02,9.66" target="#fig_6">figure 3</ref> depicts the distribution of the metric in the sample. The metric varies between Ϫ1 (extreme negative surprise) to 0.8 in the sample. The mean value of the metric is Ϫ0.23, which suggests that individuals tend to be overoptimistic about their future academic performance. <ref type="bibr" coords="20,108.04,495.72,5.98,5.31">19</ref> The metric is significantly positively correlated with realized GPA changes (a Spearman rank correlation of 0.57 at the 0.01% level).</p><p>19 Although recent studies have found that men tend to be more overconfident about their ability than are women <ref type="bibr" coords="20,207.68,541.09,121.12,8.70" target="#b28">(Niederle and Vesterlund 2007)</ref>, that is not the case here: the mean value of the metric is Ϫ0.215 for males (with a standard deviation of 0.48) and Ϫ0.239 for females (with a standard deviation of 0.53). This suggests that, on average, women in my sample tend to be more overconfident.   <ref type="formula" coords="21,314.84,66.19,10.58,9.66" target="#formula_6">(2)</ref>, that is, the regression of change in the Spring 2008 GPA beliefs on the new information metric. Revisions of Spring 2008 GPA expectations seem to be positively related to the new information. Individuals who receive positive information revise upward their prediction of Spring 2008 GPA only if the information metric is greater than 0.50, while individuals who receive negative information revise their predictions downward only if the information content is less than Ϫ0.50. In the intermediate range, that is, Ϫ0.50 to 0.50, students don't revise their beliefs (the confidence interval cannot reject zero change). <ref type="figure" coords="21,187.41,173.78,43.14,9.66" target="#fig_6">Figure 3B</ref> estimates the regression function of equation <ref type="formula" coords="21,116.66,185.74,11.61,9.66" target="#formula_6">(2)</ref> where the content of new information is defined as before, but X is now the cumulative GPA in one's major at the time of graduation. <ref type="figure" coords="21,65.75,209.64,42.41,9.66" target="#fig_6">Figure 3B</ref> shows that all individuals revise downward their beliefs about cumulative graduating GPA, although those doing better than expected in Spring 2007 revise them down by less. Relative to revisions in Spring 2008 GPA beliefs, individuals revise to a lesser degree their beliefs about their graduating GPA. There could be at least two reasons for this. First, the belief in question here is about the graduating GPA being above 3.5 (instead of an individual-specific threshold, as is the case for the Spring 2008 GPA). For individuals with very high or low GPAs, a threshold of 3.5 will not be binding, and therefore any new information should not cause them to revise their beliefs much. Second, since individuals have another year and a half of classes to take before the cumulative graduating GPA outcome is realized (and all these classes will be counted toward the graduating GPA), the mechanical effect of any new information contained in the Spring 2007 GPA should be lower, especially if students believe that Spring 2007 GPA gives them little information about their long-term performance. <ref type="table" coords="21,75.71,400.92,30.51,9.66" target="#tab_5">Table 5</ref> reports the ordinary least squares (OLS) estimates of regressing the change in Spring 2008 GPA beliefs on realized GPA change and the information metric in columns 1-3 as well as the corresponding estimates for the change in Graduation GPA beliefs in columns 7-9. As in figures 2 and 3, revisions in Spring 2008 GPA beliefs and Graduation GPA beliefs are positively related both to realized changes in GPA and to the information metric. However, in an equation with both the realized GPA change and the information metric (cols. 3 and 9), only the latter is significant (at the 10% level) for revisions in Spring 2008 GPA beliefs. I interpret this to mean that the information metric has an expectational element not captured in the GPA change.</p><p>Although GPA is a noisy signal of one's ability, it is also a function of one's field of study. The estimates shown in table 5 as well as in figures find significant differences in the mean value of the metric for the different ethnic groups. Columns 4-6 and 10-12 in table 5 report the OLS estimates for the sample excluding respondents who switched majors between the two surveys.</p><p>Although qualitatively similar to those for the full sample, the estimates are somewhat larger in magnitude. This finding suggests that there is indeed some strategic switching of majors on the part of respondents; that is, students who receive negative information may be switching to easier majors or those who receive positive information may decide to pursue harder majors. Closer examination of students who drop majors shows that the mean value of the metric for them is lower (Ϫ0.261 vs.</p><p>Ϫ0.224 for students who do not switch majors; difference is not statistically significant), suggesting that negative information is associated with switching majors <ref type="bibr" coords="23,143.20,233.55,86.22,9.66" target="#b1">(Arcidiacono [2004]</ref> also finds that poor performance is correlated with switching majors). This issue is explored in more detail in Section V. <ref type="figure" coords="23,119.51,257.46,42.34,9.66">Figure A2</ref> in the appendix estimates equation <ref type="formula" coords="23,309.46,257.46,11.61,9.66" target="#formula_6">(2)</ref> by excluding those respondents. The overall pattern is similar to that in figure 3. The analysis in this section is robust to altering the metric and defining to equal one if the Spring 2007 GPA is within 0.1 points of the Fall q itϩ1 2006 GPA. Finally, it should be pointed out that I include only the Spring 2007 GPA in . It is plausible that individuals are using some other q itϩ1 sources of information in updating their beliefs of future academic performance. However, as mentioned earlier, it is nearly impossible to identify all the new information. The analysis in this section shows that, to address the question of how individuals update their beliefs, not only is high-frequency data needed, but the researcher also needs to observe innovations in the individual's information set. Nonetheless, it is certainly reassuring that, despite using a metric that contains information only about the Spring 2007 GPA, students are found to revise their beliefs in somewhat rational ways.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>B. Revisions of Various Major-Specific Beliefs</head><p>The discussion in Section III.A highlights the breadth of data required to understand the revision of expectations in response to new information. <ref type="bibr" coords="23,74.72,490.56,5.38,4.74">20</ref> Another possibility is that students may take easier (harder) elective courses upon receipt of negative (positive) information about their ability. Unfortunately, I cannot address this issue with my data (one would need to observe the courses that a student intended to take in the future as well as the courses the student actually ended up taking, and some measure of the difficulty of the courses). Estimates would most likely be biased downward if this possibility is not considered. <ref type="bibr" coords="23,74.72,560.30,5.38,4.74">21</ref> Here switching a major means that, at the time of the follow-up survey, an individual was pursuing a major different from the one at the time of the first survey and that the individual had also taken at least one course in the new major.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Zafar</head><p>Unfortunately, I don't have data for similar metrics of surprise for other determinants. This section investigates how individuals revise their beliefs for other major-specific outcomes in response to new information revealed about academic ability. Beliefs about certain outcomes, such as graduating in 4 years, may change in response to this information. On the other hand, beliefs about outcomes, such as reconciling work and family, may not change in response to this information. For beliefs for other outcomes, such as parents' approval, it is less clear: if students believe that parents' approval is linked with how well they do in a major, then those beliefs may change in response to new information about ability.</p><p>This section also analyzes how students revise their beliefs for the various outcomes associated with majors other than their current major. It is not clear how beliefs for various outcomes in different majors should change in response to new information acquired about ability in a specific major. If learning is entirely major specific, then information about ability in one's own major should not lead to meaningful revisions in beliefs for outcomes in other majors. However, if learning also has a general dimension, then beliefs for outcomes in other majors should be revised in a manner similar to corresponding revisions for own major. <ref type="figure" coords="24,75.71,293.33,35.62,9.66">Figure 4</ref> depicts the local linear polynomial estimates of the regression of change in beliefs in the three different major categories for (1) graduating in 4 years, (2) graduating with a GPA ≥ 3.5, (3) expected hours per week spent on course work, and (4) approval of parents on the new information acquired between the two surveys. Second preferred major and second pursued major are pooled together as second major in the figure, while revisions of beliefs for dropped major are not reported because of few observations.</p><p>The top left panel in <ref type="figure" coords="24,172.32,388.97,33.96,9.66">figure 4</ref> shows that, for graduating in 4 years, students revise their beliefs only for extreme changes in the information content, and the same relationship is observed for all three major categories. More specifically, students revise downward (upward) their beliefs about graduating in 4 years on receipt of very negative (positive) information. A similar pattern is observed in the case of revised beliefs of graduating with a GPA of ≥ 3.5 (top right panel of <ref type="figure" coords="24,294.77,460.70,24.36,9.66">fig. 4)</ref> brickner and Stinebrickner <ref type="formula" coords="26,185.85,66.19,24.88,9.66" target="#formula_6">(2007)</ref>, who find a causal effect of studying on academic performance. On the other hand, revisions of beliefs for outcomes such as approval of parents (bottom right panel of <ref type="figure" coords="26,336.08,90.10,25.64,9.66">fig. 4)</ref> do not seem to vary in any particular way with the new information. Revisions of beliefs for other outcomes are reported in <ref type="figure" coords="26,297.66,114.01,38.59,9.66" target="#fig_6">figure A3</ref>; there is no systematic pattern in the revision of these beliefs either.</p><p>On the whole, these figures suggest that, at least for some outcomes, there is a clear and logical pattern in which beliefs are revised. Moreover, similar patterns in revisions in beliefs for graduating in 4 years, graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5, and expected course work hours per week for the different major categories are in line with results above that learning is not entirely major specific and that information about ability in one's own major leads students to revise their beliefs for outcomes not only in their own major but also in other majors.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>IV. Are Students Bayesian?</head><p>Before a formal characterization of the belief-updating process, I present suggestive evidence that the learning process is consistent with a Bayesian learning approach. I define a dummy, , that equals one if, in the initial U i survey, the individual was more uncertain about the occurrence of the major-specific outcome and zero otherwise. More specifically,</p><formula xml:id="formula_9" coords="26,136.58,320.97,169.11,23.69">1 if 25 ≤ Pr (X p 1FQ ) ≤ 75 it U p . i { 0 otherwise</formula><p>The top panel of table 6 regresses , F Pr (X p 1FQ ) Ϫ Pr (X p 1FQ )F itϩ1 it the absolute change in beliefs between the two surveys for each of the binary outcomes, on the dummy and a constant term. <ref type="bibr" coords="26,305.15,373.18,5.98,5.31">23</ref> The coefficient U i on is positive and statistically significant for each of the major-specific U i outcomes, suggesting that individuals who are more uncertain about the major-specific outcomes in the initial survey make greater absolute revisions in their beliefs. Since responses in the tail can only be updated in one direction and the finding that respondents in the middle of the belief distribution update the most may be driven by that, the bottom two panels of table 6 report the results of the same regression on the sample with nonnegative and nonpositive revisions, respectively. As before, the results are consistent with a Bayesian learning approach: individuals with more uncertainty update the most. I next formalize the nature of the belief-updating process for the binary outcomes. The assumption is that individuals adopt a Bayesian learning fewer hours/week on course work to attain the same GPA. In that case, students who receive a positive signal about ability should decrease the number of hours per week that they expect to spend on course work. <ref type="bibr" coords="26,74.72,570.26,5.38,4.74">23</ref> Here, I interpret responses in the range of 25-75 (on a scale of 0-100) as exhibiting more uncertainty. Results are robust to alternate definitions as well.</p><p>This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM <ref type="table" coords="27,68.93,556.04,8.70,21.13;27,68.93,548.47,8.70,4.48">Table 6</ref> Absolute approach and that beliefs of the individuals can be characterized by a beta distribution (which is ideally suited to analyze binary events). Then the posterior probability (individual i's probabilistic belief of outcome j tϩ1 P ijm happening in the case of major m) is given by (see <ref type="bibr" coords="28,280.69,102.05,96.01,9.66;28,65.75,114.01,22.39,9.66" target="#b35">Viscusi and O'Connor 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="28,91.63,114.01,54.88,9.66" target="#b34">Viscusi 1997)</ref>:</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Change in Beliefs as a Function of Uncertainty in Prior Belief</head><formula xml:id="formula_10" coords="28,157.95,129.51,218.68,23.56">a b tϩ1 t P p P ϩ I , (3) ijm ijm ijm a ϩ b aϩ b</formula><p>where is i's prior belief of outcome j in major m, is new information</p><formula xml:id="formula_11" coords="28,93.75,158.39,201.59,11.29">t P I ijm ijm</formula><p>that i acquires about this outcome between period t and , a is the t ϩ 1 precision of the prior, and b is the precision of the new information. In this framework, the new information is equivalent to observing additional Bernoulli trials about the occurrence of the various major-specific outcomes. In the context of this study, the prior belief refers to the subjective belief elicited in the initial survey, while the posterior refers to the belief elicited in the follow-up survey. To empirically estimate equation <ref type="formula" coords="28,346.68,242.92,10.58,9.66">(3)</ref>, the researcher needs to determine the individual's information set at both times t and , which is almost impossible <ref type="bibr" coords="28,264.29,266.83,81.12,9.66" target="#b10">(Cunha et al. 2004)</ref>. t ϩ 1 In order to estimate equation <ref type="formula" coords="28,207.32,278.78,10.56,9.66">(3)</ref>, I use the information metric introduced in Section III.A (the metric that captures the extent of new information that an individual acquires about her academic ability in her current major) as a proxy for the new information. Needless to say, the information metric only partially identifies the new information that individuals receive between the two surveys. Moreover, information about academic ability in one's current major may or may not affect one's beliefs about outcomes associated with other majors or beliefs for outcomes other than academic achievement in the same major. I use the following regression framework for the empirical investigation of (3):</p><formula xml:id="formula_12" coords="28,152.18,401.18,224.46,10.51">tϩ1 t P p gP ϩ hI ϩ D ϩ ,<label>(4)</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_13" coords="28,156.36,407.16,130.45,5.31">ijm ijm ijm im ijm</formula><p>where is a dummy that equals one for major m and zero otherwise, D im is a random error term, and jm</p><formula xml:id="formula_14" coords="28,161.49,445.32,119.30,23.56">a b g p ; h p . a ϩ b aϩ b</formula><p>The empirical specification includes a major dummy ( ) to allow for D im common shocks within a major. 24 In this framework, the coefficients g and h show the nature of the learning process. One would expect g to be equal to one and h to be equal to zero if the individual depends solely on her prior information and does not learn any new information about the outcome from the information metric. On the other hand, if the new information is really valuable, g would be close to zero and h would be 24 Regressions that were run excluding major-specific shocks ( ) yield similar D im results qualitatively and are available upon request from the author. large. Equation <ref type="formula" coords="29,133.82,66.19,11.60,9.66" target="#formula_12">(4)</ref> is estimated for each of the binary major-specific outcomes and for three different majors in the individual's choice set. <ref type="bibr" coords="29,351.03,77.30,5.98,5.31">25</ref> The results are shown in table 7. The estimates are between the two extremes, and the prior belief continues to play a significant role in almost all the cases. However, g is smaller than one in most cases, suggesting that the posterior beliefs do not solely depend on the prior belief. The table shows that h is small in magnitude but statistically significant in more than half the cases. These results are broadly consistent with a Bayesian learning model.</p><p>Another object of interest is the importance of new information relative to the prior, which is denoted as R and given as</p><formula xml:id="formula_15" coords="29,185.85,205.52,70.58,22.76">b 1 R p p Ϫ 1. a g</formula><p>Higher values of R would imply greater relative informativeness of the new information. <ref type="table" coords="29,144.26,251.49,31.57,9.66" target="#tab_8">Table 8</ref> shows the estimates of R. In most cases, R is less than one, suggesting that this new information is not very valuable. For outcomes such as approval of parents, new information seems to be less relatively valuable ( ). This finding is plausible because one FRF ! 0.35 would expect students to be aware of their parents' perceptions of different majors when they start college, and therefore they should be less likely to receive any valuable information about parents' approval over time. Similarly, priors for outcomes such as graduating in 4 years and graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5 receive a larger relative weight in the updating process. On the other hand, the metric R is larger for outcomes related to the workplace such as finding a job or enjoying working at the jobs. This suggests that the new information is relatively more valuable for workplace outcomes.</p><p>The table also reveals interesting patterns of belief updating across the other major categories. The estimates of R for the second major are statistically similar to those for the current major, indicating a similar process of belief updating in both major categories. However, relative to estimates for the current major, estimates are statistically different for the dropped major and second preferred major categories. The estimate of R is larger for most outcomes for dropped majors, suggesting a larger relative importance of the new information for belief updating in that category. On the other hand, the estimates are substantially smaller for the second preferred major, indicating lower relative importance of information (about ability in one's current major) in updating beliefs for outcomes in that category. In the case of the least preferred major, the picture is unclear: Note.-Each column within a panel corresponds to one regression. The posterior beliefs and the initial beliefs are on a scale of 0-100 for the binary outcomes. Standard errors in parentheses. ϩ, ϩϩ, ϩϩϩ indicate coefficient statistically different from the coefficient on most preferred major at 10%, 5%, and 1%, respectively. a A major that the individual had once pursued. b The second most preferred major for individuals without a second major. c The individual's second major. * Significant at 10%. ** Significant at 5%. *** Significant at 1%. .27*** .12*** .37*** .15*** Graduating with a GPA ≥ 3.5 .81*** .21*** ϩϩϩ .17*** ϩϩϩ .62*** .6*** Enjoying course work .20* ϩϩϩ .81*** .31*** ϩϩϩ .89*** .73*** Approval of parents Ϫ.33*** ϩϩϩ .36*** .08** ϩϩϩ .31*** .27*** Finding a job 2.05*** .83*** ϩ .51*** ϩϩϩ .85*** 1.26*** Enjoying working at the jobs 2.33*** ϩϩϩ .8*** .33*** ϩϩϩ 1.40*** ϩϩϩ .69*** Reconciling work and family at the jobs 7.91*** ϩ .26*** ϩϩϩ .089* ϩϩϩ 1.50*** .87***</p><p>Note.-Each cell in the table shows the estimate of relative importance (R) of the new information. See the text for a discussion of how R is computed. ϩ, ϩϩ, ϩϩϩ indicate estimate statistically different from the estimate on most preferred major at 10%, 5%, and 1%, respectively. Standard errors in parentheses. a A major that the individual had once pursued. b The second most preferred major for individuals without a second major. c The individual's second major. * Indicates estimate significantly different from 1 at 10%. ** Indicates estimate significantly different from 1 at 5%. *** Indicates estimate significantly different from 1 at 1%.</p><p>for some outcomes, the estimates of R are comparable to those for the current major, while for others the estimates are smaller. Since the information metric is basically a measure derived from how students learn about unobserved ability by taking courses in pursued fields, it should not be surprising that the information metric is relatively more informative in explaining revisions in beliefs for majors that an individual has pursued (current major, dropped major, second major) than in explaining revisions in beliefs for nonpursued majors (least preferred major and second preferred major).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>V. Experimenting with Majors</head><p>Students may be uncertain about their ability and other outcomes when choosing a major. In fact, the analysis in Sections III and IV shows that students revise their beliefs in meaningful ways in response to information. Over time, when new information arrives, they may choose to drop out of college or switch to a different major that they deem to be a better fit <ref type="bibr" coords="31,65.75,508.52,62.06,9.66" target="#b27">(Manski 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="31,132.64,508.52,57.64,9.66" target="#b0">Altonji 1993;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="31,195.11,508.52,79.72,9.66" target="#b1">Arcidiacono 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="31,279.62,508.52,67.49,9.66" target="#b26">Malamud 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="31,351.79,508.52,20.75,9.66;31,65.75,520.47,141.50,9.66" target="#b33">Stinebrickner and Stinebrickner 2008)</ref>. In the context of the current setting, Northwestern University, dropouts are not very common. Completion rates for the 2006 and 2007 undergraduate class were 93%. Instead, students are more likely to switch majors during the course of their undergraduate studies. Of the 117 survey respondents, 14 (∼12%) switched their majors between the two surveys.</p><p>I first outline a simple model of college major choice. At time t, individual i derives utility from choosing major k. Utility is a U (a, c, X )</p><p>ikt it function of a vector of outcomes a that are realized in college, a vector of outcomes c that are realized after graduating from college, and individual characteristics (outcomes in vectors a and c are described in X it Sec. II). Since the outcomes in vectors a and c are uncertain at time t, i possesses subjective beliefs about the outcomes associated with P (a, c) ikt choice of major k for all . Individual i chooses major m at time t k C i if m p arg max U (a, c, X )dP (a, c).</p><p>(5)</p><formula xml:id="formula_16" coords="32,181.42,174.69,97.23,30.67">͵ ikt it ikt kC i</formula><p>However, over time, new information may arrive that may lead the individual to update her beliefs about any of the major-specific outcomes. A change in an individual's beliefs about her ability (graduating GPA or probability of completing the major in 4 years), match quality in college (outcomes like enjoying course work), or match quality in workplace (enjoying working at the jobs or expected earnings at the jobs) may lead the individual to switch to a major that yields higher expected utility. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,370.60,284.52,5.98,5.31">26</ref> To understand the pattern of switches in major, one would need not only data on the subjective beliefs about major-specific outcomes at several points in time, but also data on how the respondent believes the subjective beliefs will evolve over time. For example, as outlined in Section III.A, one cannot simply infer positive news from observing a GPA increase from one quarter to the next. Instead, one needs to observe how much the student anticipated that her GPA would change over that time horizon. Having very little data on the prior distributions of the respondents' beliefs, I can only conduct a descriptive analysis of why individuals experiment with different majors. Moreover, I focus my analysis primarily on the role of learning about ability in the decision to switch majors. Individuals who switch majors experience a small average gain of about 0.17 point in their GPA. 27 Fewer than 50% of these individuals experience a positive change in their GPA, suggesting that academic performance is not the only dimension that influences one's choice of major. Respondents were asked to assign weights to different reasons for dropping the major so that they summed to 100. <ref type="table" coords="32,188.24,488.59,38.21,9.66" target="#tab_2">Table A2</ref> in the appendix reports the average weight assigned to each reason. Losing interest in the original major, getting interested in something else, and finding the initial major too challenging stand out as the main reasons for dropping the initial major.</p><p>The probability of switching majors is related to realized changes in GPA and the information metric in a meaningful way: a unit increase in the information metric is associated with a decrease of about 1.5% in the probability of switching majors (which is 11.96% in the sample), while a unit increase in GPA (between Winter 2007 and the beginning of Fall 2006) is associated with a decrease of about 1% in the probability of switching majors. 28 Revisiting table 3, which regresses the change in beliefs for each outcome onto dummies for the different major categories, shows that revisions in beliefs for outcomes in the dropped major are statistically similar to those for the current major, except for graduating in 4 years. 29 Relative to one's current major, students revise down their beliefs for graduating in 4 years for the dropped major by an additional 8.5 points. Although none of the other changes is significant (presumably because of small sample sizes), changes in beliefs about enjoying course work and expected salary at the age of 30 seem to be quantitatively different from the corresponding changes in one's current major. If one were to assume that these changes accurately reflect the changes in beliefs at the instant when an individual switched her major, it seems that negative changes in beliefs about graduating in 4 years, enjoying course work, and expected salary at age 30 are associated with the dropping of a major. <ref type="bibr" coords="33,326.52,292.49,5.98,5.31">30</ref> A switch in majors may arise because of either downward (upward) revisions in beliefs for some positive (negative) outcomes in own original major, or upward (downward) revisions in some positive (negative) beliefs for in other majors, or both. The analysis so far does not inform us about the extent to which major switchers are responding to information for their own major as opposed to information about a different major. <ref type="table" coords="33,353.80,365.06,22.90,9.66;33,65.75,377.01,4.98,9.66" target="#tab_9">Table  9</ref> shows the weighted mean difference in initial beliefs for each outcome for the dropped majors for individuals who dropped the major and those who never dropped the major. More precisely, the metric shown in the first column of the table is , where ( )</p><formula xml:id="formula_17" coords="33,187.14,410.24,186.19,13.58">7 D (1ϪD ) D (1ϪD ) m m m m 1/7 (b Ϫ b ) b b jm jm jm jm mp1</formula><p>is the mean belief for outcome j in major m reported by respondents who dropped (never dropped) major m, and the number of major categories 28 These estimates are, however, not statistically significant. 29 The table reports the change in beliefs after the individual has already switched her major. If we really want to understand what led an individual to switch her major, we would need to observe her beliefs right before she made the decision, which I don't have. Nonetheless, it is useful to go through this exercise to see how beliefs changed between the surveys for the dropped major category versus other categories.</p><p>30 It could be that once an individual has decided to drop a major, she devalues the outcomes associated with that major in order to rationalize her choice (cognitive dissonance; see <ref type="bibr" coords="33,150.24,551.06,57.35,8.70" target="#b17">Festinger 1957)</ref>. However, estimates in table 3 indicate that this is not the case. For example, beliefs about enjoying course work and enjoying work at the jobs are revised downward in all major categories, not only for the dropped major. </p><formula xml:id="formula_18" coords="34,273.47,212.39,68.12,7.94">1/7 (b Ϫ b ) jm jm mp1</formula><p>is the mean belief for outcome j in major m reported by respondents who dropped</p><formula xml:id="formula_19" coords="34,77.71,219.65,77.85,18.38">Dm (1ϪDm) b (b ) jm jm (never dropped) major m. b</formula><p>The mean deviation for outcome j in alternative majors is: ,</p><formula xml:id="formula_20" coords="34,267.54,233.30,95.37,9.45">7 Dk (1ϪDk) 1/7 (b Ϫ b ) G k ( m jm jm mp1</formula><p>where is the mean belief for outcome j in major m reported by respondents who</p><formula xml:id="formula_21" coords="34,98.73,242.07,31.96,7.32">Dk (1ϪDk) b (b )</formula><p>jm jm dropped (never dropped) major k, where . k ( m considered is 7. Column 2 of table 9 reports the mean deviation (between individuals who dropped the major and those who never dropped the major) in beliefs for outcomes in other majors, that is,</p><formula xml:id="formula_22" coords="34,65.75,300.66,310.87,25.04">7 D k 1/7 (b Ϫ jm mp1 , where ( ) is the mean belief for outcome j in (1ϪD ) D (1ϪD ) k k k b ) G k ( m b b jm jm jm</formula><p>major m reported by respondents who dropped (never dropped) major k, and . The first column shows that students who dropped the k ( m major had more optimistic (higher) initial beliefs for outcomes in the dropped major relative to individuals who never dropped the major. Moreover, it is not the case that these students had more optimistic beliefs about all majors: for other majors, the deviation in mean beliefs is much smaller and close to zero for half of the outcomes, as can be seen in column 2. In particular, the optimism reflected in initial beliefs for outcomes realized in college (graduating in 4 years, graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5, enjoying course work), finding a job, and expected salary for majors that are eventually dropped is much higher when compared to the deviations in nondropped majors. This suggests that, over time, students who switch majors are primarily responding to information in their own major.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>VI. Evolution of Salary Expectations</head><p>Large earnings premiums exist across majors <ref type="bibr" coords="34,269.49,520.47,107.16,9.66;34,65.75,532.43,22.41,9.66" target="#b11">(Daymont and Andrisani 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="34,92.14,532.43,110.82,9.66" target="#b19">Garman and Loury 1995)</ref>. This section focuses on whether, over time, students have more accurate expectations of earnings conditional on major. Although in both surveys students reported expected income at the age of 30 for various majors, no objective measures exist to which their responses can be compared. This is because Northwestern University does not follow its alumni. Moreover, even if such data existed, for various For each respondent, in both surveys, there are three values of the metric: one for her current major, one for her second (preferred) major, and one for her least preferred or dropped major. <ref type="figure" coords="36,287.99,365.06,36.33,9.66" target="#fig_10">Figure 5</ref> pools them together. To understand whether there are systematic differences in how prediction errors change over time across the different major categories, columns 1 and 4 of table 10 regress the absolute error on a constant term, and dummies for the different major categories for the 2006 and 2007 survey responses, respectively. The coefficient on the constant term, which indicates the error for current major, gets smaller over time (although the difference is not statistically different from zero). Results of two F-tests are also reported in each column. Since an individual may have better information about returns to her most preferred major, the purpose of the first F-test is to determine whether errors in majors excluding the current major are different from those in the current major. Similarly individuals may invest less in informing themselves about returns to majors that they have never seriously considered and may make larger errors when reporting salaries for such majors. The second test precisely checks for this by testing if the coefficients on the least preferred major and second preferred major (majors that an individual never pursued in the past) are statistically different from zero. Column 1 shows that the null of no statistically significant differences cannot be rejected for either test for responses in the initial survey, suggesting that errors are similar across the various majors. However, column 4 shows that the null is rejected for both tests for the follow-up survey. The estimates indicate that errors are significantly larger for the dropped major and least preferred major category. It should be pointed out that the mean size of the error for, say, the least preferred major in the initial survey and follow-up survey is similar (it is 2.86 ϩ 0.21 in the initial survey, versus 2.68 ϩ 0.32 in the follow-up survey). While over time students are making smaller errors in their most preferred major, their errors remain unchanged for nonpursued majors.</p><p>To get a sense of whether students are more likely to overpredict or underpredict earnings when making errors in majors other than the pursued major, columns 2 and 3 report the estimates of the same regression as in column 1 with the error in the initial survey as the dependent variable but restrict the sample to respondents who overpredict and underpredict, respectively. Corresponding estimates with errors in the follow-up survey as the dependent variable are reported in columns 5 and 6 of table 10.</p><p>The results indicate that individuals are more likely to underpredict earnings for the least preferred major.</p><p>Columns 7-9 of table 10 run the same regression with the error in the follow-up survey as the dependent variable, except that the error in the initial survey is now also included as an explanatory variable. Although the coefficients on the initial error term are positive, suggestive of persistence in errors, none of them are statistically different from zero. Inclusion of the initial errors does not qualitatively change the regression estimates.</p><p>The results in this section provide suggestive evidence that students tend to make similar errors in predictions of starting salaries in their pursued majors but to underpredict earnings in their least preferred major. There is weak evidence that the predictions become more accurate over time for pursued majors but remain unchanged for nonpursued majors.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>VII. Conclusion</head><p>Students use their preferences and beliefs about future outcomes when making their schooling choices under uncertainty. A standard approach to infer preferences from schooling choice data has been to impose assumptions on expectations. Due to various shortcomings of this approach, <ref type="bibr" coords="38,65.75,519.47,52.10,9.66" target="#b36">Zafar (2009)</ref> elicits subjective data on counterfactual majors from Northwestern University undergraduates and incorporates the data into a choice model of college majors. <ref type="bibr" coords="38,176.29,543.78,75.00,9.66" target="#b24">Kaufmann (2009)</ref> and Arcidiacono, Hotz, and Kang (2010) adopt a similar approach and integrate counterfactual subjective beliefs data in models of college attendance and college majors, respectively. This method does not require an understanding of how stu-dents form expectations. However, understanding of expectations formation is required for an informed analysis of schooling decisions and for credible prediction. Unfortunately, little is known about how individuals form expectations <ref type="bibr" coords="39,176.56,102.05,58.72,9.66" target="#b27">(Manski 2004)</ref>. This study enhances our limited understanding of how students form expectations by focusing on how college students revise expectations for outcomes associated with choice of college major.</p><p>In the study, revisions of expectations of future GPA are found to be positively related to changes in GPA between the two surveys. However, unlike in existing studies, I collect data that directly identify some new information that students acquire between the two surveys, which allows me to pin down some of the causal mechanisms that lead individuals to revise their beliefs. By combining elicited expectations of GPA at various points in time with their realizations, I form an information metric about academic ability and find that individuals update their beliefs for various major-specific outcomes in response to this information metric in appropriate ways. For example, individuals who receive positive information about their academic performance revise their beliefs downward about number of hours per week that they expect to spend on course work and revise their beliefs upward if the information is very negative. Section IV shows that modifications in expectations about various major-specific outcomes are consistent with a Bayesian learning framework: both prior beliefs and new information are significant in the updating process. I also find that individuals who are more uncertain about the major-specific outcomes in the initial survey make greater absolute revisions in their beliefs. Learning, in particular about beliefs in original major, seems to play a role in the switching of majors.</p><p>The novel panel data on beliefs about outcomes in counterfactual majors allows me to shed light on whether learning is major specific or general. While a well-developed literature on this question exists with regard to learning in the labor market, little is known about learning in the context of schooling. This is because few studies collect data on beliefs about counterfactual choices and, to my knowledge, none collect a panel of such beliefs. Section III presents suggestive evidence that learning is not entirely major specific and that it also has a general component. Patterns of belief updating and resolution of uncertainty for the different binary outcomes are similar across the different major categories. Beliefs for binary outcomes in nonpursued majors respond in a manner similar to corresponding beliefs in own major in response to new information. However, the new information is relatively less useful in the updating process for beliefs in nonpursued majors. What we can learn from this study about the updating of continuous outcomes (such as earnings) is limited, because I do not have data on the underlying distribution for the continuous outcomes. Section VI analyzes how errors in students' predictions of salaries of recent graduates evolve between the two surveys. I find that prediction errors in starting salaries for pursued majors get smaller over time but stay unchanged for nonpursued majors.</p><p>At least two directions can be taken from here. The first deals with the methodological aspect of this study. As mentioned in Sections III and IV, identifying the information set of an individual is an extremely daunting task. This study focuses only on innovations in information about academic ability since that is the only part of the information set I can identify. To enhance our understanding of expectations formation, it is crucial to collect repeated data on subjective expectations over a short time horizon and to identify changes in one's information set. However, as argued in <ref type="bibr" coords="40,65.75,197.69,59.48,9.66" target="#b27">Manski (2004)</ref>, rich longitudinal data on subjective expectations may not suffice to help in understanding expectations formation, and probing students to learn how they perceive their environments may be informative.</p><p>From an applied aspect, it seems that students are forming their beliefs for various major-specific outcomes even before they come to college. For most outcomes, the prior belief continues to be important. In attempting to understand the choice of college majors, it might be useful to focus on students at earlier stages of their schooling (for example, in high school) and analyze their subjective beliefs. hypothetical situation. For example, for this question, your answer should be the percent chance that you think you will successfully complete your major in Natural Sciences in 4 years if you were (forced) to major in it.</p><p>Q3 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will graduate with a GPA of at least 3.5 (on a scale of 4)? Q4 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will enjoy the coursework? Q5 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, how many hours per week on average do you think you will need to spend on the coursework? Q6 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that your parents and other family members would approve of it? Q7 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you could find a job (that you would accept) immediately upon graduation? Q8 If you obtained a bachelors in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will go to graduate school in Natural Sciences some time in the future? Q9 What do you think was the average annual starting salary of Northwestern male graduates (of 2007) with Bachelor's Degrees in Natural Sciences? Q10 What do you think was the average annual starting salary of Northwestern female graduates (of 2007) with Bachelor's Degrees in Natural Sciences?</p><p>Now look ahead to when you will be 30 years old. Think about the kinds of jobs that will be available for you and that you will accept if you successfully graduate in Natural Sciences.</p><p>note that there are some jobs that you can get irrespective of what your Field of Study is. For example, one could be a janitor irrespective of their Field of Study. However, one could not get into Medical School (and hence become a doctor) if they were to major in Journalism.</p><p>Your answers should take into account whether you think you would get some kind of advanced degree after your bachelors if you majored in Natural Sciences.</p><p>Q11 What kind of jobs are you thinking of? Q12 Look ahead to when you will be 30 years old. If you majored in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will enjoy working at the kinds of jobs that will be available to you?</p><p>Q13 Look ahead to when you will be 30 years old. If you majored in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will be able to reconcile work and your social life/family at the kinds of jobs that will be available to you? Q14 Look ahead to when you will be 30 years old. If you majored in Natural Sciences, how many hours per week on average do you think you will need to spend working at the kinds of jobs that will be available to you?</p><p>When answering the next two questions, please ignore the effects of price inflation on earnings. That is, assume that one dollar today is worth the same as one dollar when you are 30 years old and when you are 40 years old.</p><p>Q15 Look ahead to when you will be 30 years old. Think about the kinds of jobs that will be available to you and that you will accept if you graduate in Natural Sciences. What is the average amount of money that you think you will earn per year by the time you are 30 years old? Q16 Now look ahead to when you will be 40 years old. Think about the kinds of jobs that will be available to you and that you will accept if you graduate in Natural Sciences. What is the average amount of money that you think you will earn per year by the time you are 40 years old?    Note.-Standard deviation in parentheses. a Each cell is the average contribution of the reason for switching majors. Students were asked to assign an integer between 0 and 100 to each reason so that their responses all summed to 100.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="16,269.28,568.29,107.46,9.66;16,283.43,573.43,3.88,5.31;16,185.35,580.25,101.56,9.66;16,286.87,585.38,1.99,5.31;16,292.69,580.25,83.92,9.66;16,65.75,580.11,119.63,9.80;16,87.37,585.38,1.66,5.31;16,165.72,585.38,15.49,5.31;16,109.11,626.54,253.78,7.20;16,54.13,642.00,363.74,1.00"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>1FQ ) p Pr (Spring 2008 it , where Fall 2006 GPA i is individual i's cu-GPA 1 Fall 2006 GPA FQ ) i i it This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="17,186.99,144.59,68.35,8.70"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>-Timeline mulative GPA at the time of the initial survey. 14 So Pr (X p 1FQ ) Ϫ itϩ1 is the change in i's subjective belief between the Fall 2006 Pr (X p 1FQ ) it and Fall 2007 surveys about her semester-specific Spring 2008 GPA being above her cumulative Fall 2006 GPA. Figure 2A depicts the local linear regression estimates of the change in Spring 2008 GPA beliefs on the change in the individual's GPA between the two surveys. 15 The figure also presents the distribution of realized GPA change between the two surveys. Individuals experience GPA changes that vary in the range of Ϫ0.45 to 0.4, with Ϫ0.01 being the mean. Revisions of Spring 2008 GPA expectations seem to be positively related to changes in realized GPA. The change in beliefs about Spring 2008 GPA in response to positive and negative changes in realized GPA is almost symmetric, except for very negative GPA changes.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="18,74.72,317.94,301.86,8.70;18,65.75,328.90,310.94,8.70;18,65.75,339.85,241.41,8.70"><head>Fall 2007 .</head><label>2007</label><figDesc>Students may expect their GPA to trend over time for several 14 Depending on when the individual took the initial survey, Fall 2006 GPA i refers to the individual's GPA at the beginning of Fall 2006 or at the end of Fall 2006. 15 I use a local linear regression estimator instead of a Kernel regression since this avoids the boundary problem. I experimented with different bandwidths, but the figures did not change much. 16 Here . This threshold, un-Pr (X p 1FQ ) p Pr (Graduation GPA ≥ 3.5FQ ) it i it like the case for the Spring 2008 GPA belief, is not individual specific. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).Zafar Fig. 2.-Local linear regressions of the change in Spring 2008 beliefs (A) and Graduation GPA beliefs (B) on changes in GPA between the surveys. Confidence intervals estimated from 200 bootstrap sampling distributions.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="18,119.34,460.70,251.30,9.66;18,370.60,459.86,5.98,5.31;18,65.75,472.65,310.92,9.66;18,65.75,484.61,310.92,9.66;18,65.75,496.56,310.92,9.66;18,65.75,508.52,310.95,9.66;18,74.72,530.41,5.38,4.74;18,83.09,531.13,293.55,8.70;18,65.75,541.09,310.89,8.70;18,65.75,551.06,310.92,8.70;18,65.75,561.02,310.93,8.70;18,65.75,570.98,310.86,8.70;18,65.75,580.94,310.88,8.70;19,65.75,66.19,310.87,9.66;19,65.75,78.14,310.89,9.66;19,65.75,90.10,310.86,9.66;19,65.75,102.05,310.91,9.66;19,65.75,114.01,132.64,9.66;19,198.35,113.16,5.98,5.31;19,209.11,114.01,167.48,9.66;19,65.75,125.96,310.84,9.66;19,65.75,137.92,310.87,9.66;19,65.75,149.87,179.15,9.66"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Fall 2006 survey) about their GPA at the start of Fall 2007. 17 In the absence of this information, one may conclude positive information for negative information when the individual's GPA in Fall 2007 decreases by less than the individual had anticipated. To highlight this point, consider the following example: individual A's GPA is up by 0.3 point at 17 To be more precise, the change in GPA between the two surveys actually is the difference in cumulative GPA at the beginning of Fall 2007 (which would be the cumulative GPA realized at the end of Spring 2007) and the cumulative GPA at the beginning of the quarter when the individual took the initial survey. Therefore, Fall 2007 GPA actually means the GPA realized at the end of Spring 2007. The academic year consists of the Fall, Winter, and Spring quarters (in that order). the beginning of Fall 2007 (relative to Fall 2006 GPA), while that of individual B is down by 0.1 point. Further assume that, when taking the initial survey in Fall 2006, individual A had forecast her GPA at the beginning of Fall 2007 to be up by 0.4 points, while individual B expected his to be down by 0.2 point. 18 In the absence of information on the individuals' beliefs, the researcher would deduce that individual A experienced a positive change and that individual B experienced a negative change, when in fact the converse is true.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="19,211.38,365.06,165.28,9.66;19,65.75,377.01,310.87,9.66;19,65.75,388.97,310.93,9.66;19,65.75,400.92,310.93,9.66;19,75.71,412.88,300.94,9.66;19,65.75,424.83,310.89,9.66;19,65.75,436.79,310.93,9.66;19,65.75,448.74,29.64,9.66;19,119.55,448.74,84.79,9.66;19,228.29,448.74,148.32,9.66;19,98.33,448.25,21.12,10.15;19,207.17,448.60,6.09,8.82;19,213.25,453.88,11.76,5.31;19,65.75,460.70,310.84,9.66;19,65.75,472.65,56.62,9.66;19,139.82,486.14,193.02,11.12;19,245.03,492.73,1.66,5.31;19,333.49,492.73,1.66,5.31;19,102.96,493.43,30.68,8.82;19,336.83,493.57,2.49,9.66;19,109.04,498.71,11.76,5.31;19,136.54,488.81,3.30,21.02;19,139.82,499.55,53.02,9.66;19,65.75,514.49,64.89,9.66;19,182.61,514.49,193.99,9.66;19,133.85,514.35,45.06,9.80;19,149.24,519.63,25.65,5.31;19,65.75,526.45,51.10,9.66;19,189.80,526.45,186.81,9.66;19,119.70,526.45,69.97,9.66;19,140.12,531.58,11.76,5.31;19,181.76,531.58,3.88,5.31;19,65.75,538.40,310.91,9.66;19,74.72,560.30,5.38,4.74;19,83.09,561.02,293.61,8.70;19,208.41,560.89,5.48,7.94;19,213.84,565.68,1.79,4.74;19,65.75,570.98,310.89,8.70;19,65.75,580.94,70.93,8.70;19,109.11,626.54,253.78,7.20;19,54.13,642.00,363.74,1.00"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>faces the same problem in his analysis of revisions of earnings expectations in the Survey of Economic Expectations and, in the absence of knowledge about what the new information is, cannot pin down the causal explanation for the revision in expectations. To come up with a metric of new information that wasn't anticipated at time t, I use information on the individual's cumulative GPA at the end of Spring 2007 (which is not known at time t but has been realized at time ; see fig. 1). I define to equal one if i's cumulative GPA t ϩ 1 q itϩ1 at the end of Spring 2007 was at least as much as her cumulative Fall 2006 GPA, that is, 1 if Spring 2007 GPA ≥ Fall 2006 GPA is i's belief elicited at time t (in the Fall 2006 E(q FQ ) itϩ1 it survey) that . More specifically, in the initial survey, stu-Pr (q p 1FQ ) itϩ1 itdents were asked about the percent chance (probability) that their GPA 18 Note that these forecasts are in , the individuals' information sets at time Q t t. Thus, any expectations about future events reported at time t are conditional on these forecasts.This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6" coords="20,74.72,317.94,301.86,8.70;20,65.75,328.90,310.84,8.70;20,65.75,339.85,288.65,8.70"><head>ZafarFig. 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>-Local linear regressions of the change in Spring 2008 beliefs (A) and Graduation GPA beliefs (B) on new information revealed between the surveys. Confidence intervals estimated from 200 bootstrap sampling distributions. at the end of Spring 2007 would be at least as much as their Fall 2006 GPA.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7" coords="20,65.75,580.94,310.94,8.70;20,109.11,626.54,253.78,7.20;20,54.13,642.00,363.74,1.00"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>However, I fail to reject the null that the two means are equal. Similarly, I don't This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_8" coords="21,75.71,66.19,300.95,9.66;21,65.75,78.14,310.94,9.66;21,65.75,90.10,310.92,9.66;21,65.75,102.05,310.84,9.66;21,65.75,114.01,310.90,9.66;21,65.75,125.96,310.88,9.66;21,65.75,137.92,310.83,9.66;21,65.75,149.38,310.85,10.15;21,65.75,161.34,310.92,10.15;21,65.75,173.78,310.87,9.66;21,65.75,185.74,310.90,9.66;21,65.75,197.69,310.87,9.66;21,65.75,209.64,310.87,9.66;21,65.75,221.60,310.89,9.66;21,65.75,233.55,310.88,9.66;21,65.75,245.51,310.89,9.66;21,65.75,257.46,310.83,9.66;21,65.75,269.42,310.86,9.66;21,65.75,281.37,310.85,9.66;21,65.75,293.33,310.92,9.66;21,65.75,305.28,310.91,9.66;21,65.75,317.24,310.95,9.66;21,65.75,329.19,310.84,9.66;21,65.75,341.15,310.94,9.66;21,65.75,353.10,310.93,9.66;21,65.75,365.06,310.92,9.66;21,65.75,377.01,310.99,9.66;21,65.75,388.97,101.73,9.66;21,75.71,400.92,300.89,9.66;21,65.75,412.88,310.92,9.66;21,65.75,424.83,311.04,9.66;21,65.75,436.79,310.92,9.66;21,65.75,448.74,310.87,9.66;21,65.75,460.70,310.93,9.66;21,65.75,472.65,310.94,9.66;21,65.75,484.61,310.91,9.66;21,65.75,496.56,310.86,9.66;21,65.75,508.52,310.98,9.66;21,65.75,520.47,179.88,9.66;21,75.71,532.43,300.97,9.66;21,65.75,544.38,310.96,9.66"><head>Figure</head><label></label><figDesc>3A depicts the local linear estimates of equation</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_9" coords="25,317.00,563.08,8.70,16.17;25,317.00,522.92,8.70,37.11;25,317.00,498.41,8.70,21.42;25,317.00,452.98,8.70,42.35;25,317.00,441.92,8.70,7.97;25,317.00,426.93,8.70,11.95;25,317.00,397.49,8.70,26.40;25,317.00,386.97,8.70,7.48;25,317.00,359.48,8.70,24.41;25,317.00,344.93,8.70,11.46;25,317.00,329.41,8.70,12.44;25,317.00,285.57,8.70,40.85;25,317.00,275.05,8.70,7.48;25,317.00,267.53,8.70,4.48;25,317.00,242.32,8.70,22.16;25,317.00,227.34,8.70,11.95;25,317.00,183.50,8.70,40.85;25,317.00,163.07,8.70,17.44;25,317.00,156.15,8.70,3.98;25,317.00,133.74,8.70,19.43;25,317.00,122.83,8.70,7.97;25,317.00,112.97,8.70,6.97;25,317.00,93.15,8.70,16.93;25,317.00,76.91,8.70,13.45;25,317.00,61.16,8.70,12.91;25,327.95,554.86,8.70,33.36;25,327.95,528.85,8.70,21.93;25,327.95,512.31,8.70,12.45;25,327.95,488.30,8.70,19.92;25,327.95,463.84,8.70,20.43;25,327.95,449.83,8.70,9.97;25,327.95,420.84,8.70,24.91;25,327.95,394.13,8.70,22.68;25,327.95,376.09,8.70,13.95;25,327.95,358.59,8.70,13.41;25,327.95,321.18,8.70,33.38;25,327.95,309.12,8.70,7.97;25,327.95,277.19,8.70,27.89;25,327.95,262.70,8.70,10.46;25,327.95,238.72,8.70,19.94;25,327.95,215.76,8.70,18.93;25,327.95,145.03,8.70,66.74;25,327.95,117.13,8.70,24.01;25,327.95,86.89,8.70,26.31;25,327.95,61.14,8.70,21.81;25,338.91,549.88,8.70,38.35;25,338.91,522.38,8.70,24.01;25,338.91,504.89,8.70,13.95;25,338.91,484.43,8.70,16.93;25,338.91,445.58,8.70,35.36;25,338.91,416.64,8.70,25.40;25,338.91,403.18,8.70,9.97;25,338.91,383.70,8.70,15.94;25,338.91,334.33,8.70,45.84;25,338.91,308.92,8.70,21.92;25,338.91,281.02,8.70,24.42;25,338.91,246.16,8.70,31.37;25,338.91,210.85,8.70,31.87;25,338.91,195.41,8.70,11.95;25,338.91,160.88,8.70,31.14;25,338.91,123.57,8.70,33.87;25,338.91,97.26,8.70,22.92;25,338.91,83.91,8.70,9.97;25,338.91,61.15,8.70,19.32;25,349.87,545.98,8.70,42.25;25,349.87,531.44,8.70,11.40;25,349.87,515.39,8.70,12.96;25,349.87,477.33,8.70,34.97"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>. Conversely, as depicted in the bottom left panel of figure 4, a negative relationship is observed between revisions of beliefs about course work hours per week and the information metric. Students who receive positive (negative) information about their academic ability revise their beliefs downward (upward) about expected hours per week spent on course work in all three major categories. 22 This result is consistent with the findings of Stine-Fig. 4.-Local linear regressions of the change in beliefs for (A) graduating in 4 years, (B) graduating with a GPA of at least 3.5, (C) expected hours per week spent on course work, and (D) approval of parents (in one's most preferred/current major, second [most preferred] major, and least preferred major) on new information about ability revealed between the surveys. Standard errors on these regressions are not reported.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_10" coords="36,94.89,312.96,252.54,8.70"><head>Fig. 5 .</head><label>5</label><figDesc>-Distribution of starting salary errors in the two surveys</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_11" coords="43,74.72,277.79,301.93,8.70;43,65.75,288.75,260.15,8.70"><head>Fig.</head><label></label><figDesc>A1.-Distribution of the subjective belief of Spring 2007 GPA being at least as much as the Fall 2006 GPA (reported on a scale of 0-100).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_12" coords="43,74.72,538.31,301.91,8.70;43,65.75,549.26,310.84,8.70;43,65.75,560.22,310.90,8.70;43,65.75,571.18,278.56,8.70"><head>Fig.</head><label></label><figDesc>A2.-Local linear regressions of the change in Spring 2008 beliefs (A) and Graduation GPA beliefs (B) on new information revealed between the surveys. Confidence intervals estimated from 200 bootstrap sampling distributions. Sample includes only respondents who had the same major in the two surveys.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_13" coords="44,74.72,312.96,301.89,8.70;44,65.75,323.91,310.89,8.70;44,65.75,334.87,276.97,8.70"><head>Fig.</head><label></label><figDesc>A3.-Local linear regressions of the change in beliefs for various outcomes (in one's most preferred major, second most preferred major, and least preferred major) on new information about ability revealed between the surveys.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="8,65.75,64.39,310.94,344.89"><head>Table 1 Sample Characteristics</head><label>1</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="8,65.75,88.01,310.94,321.28">Follow-up 
Survey a 
(1) 

Initial Survey b 
(2) 

Population c 
(3) 

Characteristics 
Freq. 
% 
Freq. 
% 
Freq. 
% 

Gender: 
Male 
51 
43.5 
69 
43 
465 
46 
Female 
66 
56.5 
92 
57 
546 
54 
Total 
117 
161 
1,011 
Ethnicity: 
Caucasian 
66 
56 
79 
49 
546 
54 
African American 
10 
9 
11 
7 
71 
7 
Asian 
35 
30 
56 
35 
232 
23 
Hispanic 
1 
1 
5 
3 
6 1 
6 
Other 
5 
4 
10 
6 
101 
10 
Declared major: d 
Y e s 
6 1 
5 2 
9 0 
5 6 
4 7 7 e 
47 
No 
56 
48 
71 
44 
534 
53 
Second major: f 
Yes 
55 
47 
78 
48.5 
. . . 
No 
62 
53 
83 
51.5 
. . . 
Average GPA: g 
Male 
3.51 
3.48 
3.26 
Female 
3.43 
3.40 
3.31 
WCAS majors: h 
Natural Sciences 
22 
19 
31 
19 
. . . 
Math and Computer Science 
2 
1.5 
4 
2.5 
. . . 
Social Sciences I 
33 
28 
41 
25.5 
. . . 
Social Sciences II 
35 
30 
48 
30 
. . . 
Ethics and Values 
1 
1 
4 
2.5 
. . . 
Area Studies 
8 
7 
13 
8 
. . . 
Literature and Fine Arts 
16 
13.5 
20 
12.5 
. . . 

a Individuals who participated in the follow-up (second) survey. 
b Individuals who participated in the initial survey. 
c Population statistics for the sophomore class. Source: Northwestern Office of the Registrar. 
d Whether the respondent has declared a major at the time of the initial survey. 
e Statistic obtained from Registrar's Office at the end of the Fall 2006 quarter (during/middle of first 
survey). 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="11,65.75,64.39,310.86,423.86"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Beliefs of Graduating with a GPA of at Least 3.5Percent Chance of Graduating with a GPA ≥ 3.5 In:</figDesc><table coords="11,65.75,101.46,310.86,386.80">Current Major 
Least Preferred Major 

Follow-up 
Survey 
Initial Survey 

Follow-up 
Survey 
Initial Survey 

Freq. 
Cum. % 
Freq. 
Cum. % 
Freq. 
Cum. % 
Freq. 
Cum. % 

0 
1 
.9 
1 
.9 
6 
5.8 
. . . 
0 
1 
. . . 
.9 
. . . 
.9 
. . . 
5.8 
3 
2.9 
2 
. . . 
.9 
. . . 
.9 
2 
7.8 
. . . 
2.9 
3 
. . . 
.9 
. . . 
.9 
. . . 
7.8 
1 
3.9 
5 
4 
4.4 
. . . 
.9 
1 
8.7 
2 
5.9 
10 
1 
5.3 
1 
1.8 
5 
13.6 
1 
6.9 
12 
. . . 
5.3 
. . . 
1.8 
. . . 
13.6 
1 
7.8 
15 
. . . 
5.3 
. . . 
1.8 
1 
14.6 
2 
9.8 
20 
. . . 
5.3 
2 
3.7 
12 
26.2 
4 
13.7 
21 
. . . 
5.3 
. . . 
3.7 
1 
27.2 
. . . 
13.7 
25 
2 
7.1 
1 
4.6 
5 
32.0 
1 
14.7 
30 
. . . 
7.1 
1 
5.5 
4 
35.9 
5 
19.6 
33 
. . . 
7.1 
. . . 
5.5 
. . . 
35.9 
1 
20.6 
35 
. . . 
7.1 
. . . 
5.5 
1 
36.9 
3 
23.5 
40 
1 
8.0 
2 
7.3 
5 
41.8 
6 
29.4 
45 
2 
9.7 
1 
8.3 
2 
43.7 
3 
32.4 
50 
16 
23.9 
4 
11.9 
7 
50.5 
10 
42.2 
55 
1 
24.8 
1 
12.8 
1 
51.5 
1 
43.1 
60 
7 
31.0 
9 
21.1 
7 
58.2 
8 
51.0 
65 
4 
34.5 
3 
23.9 
2 
60.2 
3 
53.9 
68 
. . . 
34.5 
. . . 
23.9 
1 
61.2 
. . . 
53.9 
70 
10 
43.4 
8 
31.3 
6 
67.0 
10 
63.7 
73 
. . . 
43.4 
1 
32.1 
. . . 
67.0 
. . . 
63.7 
75 
15 
56.6 
7 
38.5 
3 
69.9 
3 
66.7 
76 
. . . 
56.6 
1 
39.5 
. . . 
69.9 
. . . 
66.7 
79 
. . . 
56.6 
1 
40.4 
. . . 
69.9 
. . . 
66.7 
80 
13 
68.1 
13 
52.3 
7 
76.7 
5 
71.6 
82 
1 
69.0 
2 
54.1 
. . . 
76.7 
1 
72.6 
85 
7 
75.2 
9 
62.4 
. . . 
76.7 
5 
77.5 
87 
. . . 
75.2 
1 
63.3 
. . . 
76.7 
. . . 
77.5 
88 
. . . 
75.2 
. . . 
63.3 
. . . 
76.7 
1 
78.4 
89 
. . . 
75.2 
2 
65.1 
. . . 
76.7 
. . . 
78.4 
90 
11 
85.0 
10 
74.3 
9 
85.4 
9 
87.3 
91 
1 
85.8 
1 
75.2 
. . . 
85.4 
2 
89.2 
92 
. . . 
85.8 
2 
77.1 
. . . 
85.4 
. . . 
89.2 
95 
3 
88.5 
10 
86.2 
7 
92.2 
2 
91.2 
96 
. . . 
88.5 
1 
87.2 
. . . 
92.2 
. . . 
91.2 
98 
1 
89.4 
4 
90.8 
. . . 
92.2 
3 
94.1 
99 
2 
91.2 
2 
92.7 
2 
94.2 
2 
96.1 
100 
10 
100 
8 
100 
6 
100 
4 
100 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="15,54.13,61.15,363.74,581.85"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Dependent Variable: Indicator for Whether Respondent's Belief Moves into the Extreme ( ≥ Note.-Regressions include random effects. Each of these regressions has 341 observations with 117 groups (students). The binary outcomes (all outcomes excluding course work hours/week; job hours/week; salary at 30) are on a 0-100 scale. Cluster standard errors in parentheses. F-test for the joint significance of the covariates (excluding the constant term). Here can't reject the null that they are significantly different from zero. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</figDesc><table coords="15,91.38,70.32,237.76,510.94">90, ≤ 

10) 

Grad in 

4 Years 

Grad w/ 
GPA ≥ 

3.5 

Enjoy 
Courses 

Parents 
Approve 

Find 
Job 

Enjoy 
Work 

Work 
Flexible 

Constant 

.11*** 

.10*** 

.10*** 

.19*** 

.13*** 

.12*** 

.12*** 

(.03) 

(.03) 

(.03) 

(.04) 

(.03) 

(.03) 

(.03) 

Second pursued major 

.04 

.03 

.10* 

.03 

Ϫ.02 

Ϫ.04 

.01 

(.04) 

(.04) 

(.06) 

(.06) 

(.05) 

(.04) 

(.05) 

Second preferred major 

Ϫ.01 

.00 

.01 

Ϫ.02 

Ϫ.02 

Ϫ.02 

.10* 

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.06) 

(.04) 

(.05) 

Dropped major 

.03 

.18 

.04 

Ϫ.06 

.15 

Ϫ.04 

.35** 

(.09) 

(.13) 

(.08) 

(.09) 

(.12) 

(.08) 

(.14) 

Least preferred major 

.02 

.12** 

.06 

Ϫ.06 

Ϫ.05 

.03 

.05 

(.04) 

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.05) 

(.04) 

(.05) 

(.04) 

Test of joint significance of covariates 
excluding constant 

Can't rej a 

Reject 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Reject 

P-value 

.583 

.064 

.179 

.509 

.749 

.582 

.011 

Test of joint significance of least pre-
ferred major and second preferred 
major 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Can't rej 

Reject 

P-value 

.878 

.147 

.417 

.379 

.424 

.946 

.054 

Number of groups 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

a 

* Significant at 10%. 
** Significant at 5%. 
*** Significant at 1%. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="22,109.11,61.92,253.78,571.82"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Updating GPA BeliefsNote.-Standard errors in parentheses.Sample restricted to respondents who have the same major in both surveys. would be biased if one does not account for the fact that individuals can switch majors in response to new information. 20 In the sample, 14 of the 117 respondents (∼12%) switch majors between the two surveys. 21</figDesc><table coords="22,109.11,61.92,253.78,571.82">Dependent Variable: Change in 
Spring 2008 GPA Beliefs 

Dependent Variable: Change in 
Graduation GPA Beliefs 

All 

Same Major a 

All 

Same Major 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) 

(12) 

D 
GPA between the surveys 

37.32** 

. . . 

13.21 

39.42** 

. . . 

17.21 

30.15** 

. . . 

17.01 

32.05** 

. . . 

14.63 

(18.57) 

(22.04) (19.40) 

(22.88) (12.88) 

(15.43) (13.61) 

(16.01) 

Information content 

. . . 
14.83*** 12.69* 

. . . 
14.95*** 12.16* 

. . . 

9.77** 

6.97 

. . . 
11.99*** 9.59** 

(5.34) 

(6.44) 

(5.71) 

(6.82) 

(3.79) 

(4.56) 

(4.03) 

(4.82) 

R 2 

.026 

.055 

.050 

.030 

.055 

.051 

.047 

.048 

.050 

.044 

.074 

.073 

No. of observations 

116 

116 

116 

102 

102 

102 

112 

112 

112 

99 

99 

99 

a 

* Significant at 10%. 
** Significant at 5%. 
*** Significant at 1%. 

This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="27,92.54,61.15,278.44,516.01"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Note.-Each panel-column corresponds to one regression. Regressions include random effects. Each regression has 341 observations with 117 groups (students). Cluster standard errors in parentheses.</figDesc><table coords="27,92.54,61.15,278.44,516.01">Dependent Variable: Absolute Change in Belief For: 

Grad in 4 Years 

Grad w/ GPA ≥ 

3.5 
Enjoy Courses 

Parents Approve 

Find Job 

Enjoy Work 

Work Flexible 

Entire Sample 

Constant 

7.85*** 

13.59*** 

12.79*** 

10.23*** 

14.97*** 

15.08*** 

12.13*** 

(1.01) 

(1.09) 

(.94) 

(.86) 

(1.56) 

(1.13) 

(1.37) 

U a 

18.06*** 

3.53** 

7.27*** 

9.44*** 

3.26* 

4.41*** 

6.81*** 

(3.28) 

(1.59) 

(1.63) 

(1.88) 

(1.85) 

(1.61) 

(1.74) 

Observations 

341 

341 

341 

341 

341 

341 

341 

No. of clusters 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

117 

Observations with Nonnegative Revisions 

Constant 

4.78*** 

9.56*** 

7.15*** 

6.11*** 

10.48*** 

8.68*** 

9.56*** 

(.61) 

(1.66) 

(1.14) 

(.88) 

(2.14) 

(1.59) 

(2.13) 

U 

22.20*** 

1.79 

9.87*** 

10.08*** 

5.33** 

4.64** 

8.73*** 

(4.30) 

(2.14) 

(2.21) 

(2.23) 

(2.61) 

(2.08) 

(2.52) 

Observations 

261 

169 

155 

217 

183 

152 

208 

No. of clusters 

108 

93 

92 

109 

94 

89 

103 

Observations with Nonpositive Revisions 

Constant 

7.89** 

13.42*** 

13.15*** 

9.88*** 

14.90*** 

15.36*** 

10.38*** 

(1.69) 

(1.31) 

(1.10) 

(1.17) 

(1.74) 

(1.36) 

(1.34) 

U 

10.21*** 

4.09* 

5.69** 

7.33*** 

.72 

5.47*** 

4.72** 

(4.68) 

(2.14) 

(2.32) 

(2.53) 

(2.20) 

(1.94) 

(2.18) 

Observations 

168 

224 

233 

206 

203 

234 

184 

No. of clusters 

87 

105 

112 

101 

99 

109 

102 

a 

U p 
1 if prior belief (belief in first survey) is ≥ 

25 or ≤ 

75. 

* Significant at 10%. 
** Significant at 5%. 
*** Significant at 1%. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="30,65.75,64.39,310.83,453.25"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Updating in Response to New InformationDependent Variable: The Posterior Belief (i.e., Belief in the Follow-up Survey)</figDesc><table coords="30,65.75,101.46,310.83,416.19">Dropped 
Major a 
N p 14 

Least 
Preferred 
N p 102 

Second 
Preferred 
Major b 
N p 58 

Second 
Major c 
N p 58 

Current 
Major 
N p 109 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Graduating in 4 Years 

Initial belief (g) 
1.48*** 
.79*** 
.90*** 
.73*** 
.87*** 
(.269) ϩ 
(.031) 
(.026) 
(.038) 
(.029) 
New info (h) 
.34*** 
.032 
.012 
.033*** 
.03*** 
(.07) ϩϩϩ 
(.020) 
(.023) 
(.010) 
(.010) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Graduating with 
a GPA of at Least 3.5 

Initial belief (g) 
.55*** 
.83*** 
.86*** 
.62*** 
.63*** 
(.089) 
(.028) ϩϩϩ 
(.028) ϩϩϩ 
(.052) 
(.034) 
New info (h) 
.37*** 
.10*** 
Ϫ.05** 
.054*** 
.11*** 
(.063) ϩϩϩ 
(.017) 
(.024) ϩϩϩ 
(.020) ϩϩϩ 
(.016) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Enjoying Course Work 

Initial belief (g) 
.84*** 
.55*** 
.76*** 
.53*** 
.58*** 
(.083) ϩϩϩ 
(.033) 
(.029) ϩϩϩ 
(.057) 
(.034) 
New info (h) 
.18*** 
.012 
Ϫ.094*** 
.044** 
.022* 
(.063) ϩϩϩ 
(.018) 
(.024) ϩϩϩ 
(.020) 
(.012) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Approval of Parents 

Initial belief (g) 
1.49*** 
.74*** 
.93*** 
.76*** 
.79*** 
(.099) ϩϩϩ 
(.029) 
(.032) ϩϩϩ 
(.054) 
(.043) 
New info (h) 
Ϫ.068 
Ϫ.013 
Ϫ.014 
Ϫ.071*** 
.014 
(.050) 
(.018) 
(.027) 
(.023) ϩϩϩ 
(.013) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Finding a Job 

Initial belief (g) 
.33* 
.55*** 
.66*** 
.54*** 
.44*** 
(.169) 
(.033) ϩ 
(.040) ϩϩϩ 
(.048) 
(.048) 
New info (h) 
.10 
.008 
Ϫ.08*** 
.056*** 
Ϫ.0027 
(.116) 
(.018) 
(.026) ϩϩϩ 
(.019) ϩϩϩ 
(.018) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Enjoying Working at the Jobs 

Initial belief (g) 
.30*** 
.56*** 
.75*** 
.42*** 
.59*** 
(.084) ϩϩϩ 
(.032) 
(.032) ϩϩϩ 
(.048) ϩϩϩ 
(.043) 
New info (h) 
.26*** 
Ϫ.034* 
Ϫ.023 
.014 
Ϫ.0046 
(.057) ϩϩϩ 
(.018) 
(.025) 
(.018) 
(.014) 

Dependent Variable: New Belief about Reconciling Work 
and Family at the Jobs 

Initial belief (g) 
.11 
.79*** 
.92*** 
.40*** 
.54*** 
(.206) ϩ 
(.030) ϩϩϩ 
(.042) ϩϩϩ 
(.048) 
(.038) 
New info (h) 
.60*** 
.062*** 
Ϫ.11*** 
Ϫ.065*** 
Ϫ.057*** 
(.064) ϩϩϩ 
(.018) ϩϩϩ 
(.030) 
(.017) 
(.015) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="31,65.75,64.39,310.83,70.20"><head>Table 8</head><label>8</label><figDesc>Relative Importance of New Information</figDesc><table coords="31,65.75,88.01,310.83,46.58">Beliefs About: 

Dropped 
Major a 
N p 14 

Least 
Preferred 
N p 102 

Second 
Preferred 
Major b 
N p 58 

Second 
Major c 
N p 58 

Current 
Major 
N p 109 

Graduating in 4 years Ϫ.32* ϩ 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_9" coords="34,77.71,64.39,286.94,155.11"><head>Table 9</head><label>9</label><figDesc>Mean Deviations in Belief</figDesc><table coords="34,77.71,88.01,286.94,131.49">Initial Survey 

Dropped Majors a 
(1) 

Alternative Majors b 
(2) 

Graduate in 4 years 
6.55 
.91 
Graduate with a GPA ≥ 3.5 
5.34 
Ϫ.20 
Enjoy courses 
9.24 
.86 
Course work hours/week 
.67 
.31 
Parents' approval 
14.57 
8.51 
Find job 
6.51 
Ϫ.40 
Enjoy work at jobs 
Ϫ.63 
5.62 
Work flexible 
3.39 
6.42 
Job hours/week 
2.77 
2.04 
Salary at 30 
55,565.88 
13,514.47 

a The mean deviation for outcome j for dropped majors is: 
, where 

7 
Dm 
(1ϪDm) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="37,68.93,61.19,287.11,525.05"><head>Table 10</head><label>10</label><figDesc>Errors in Expectations of Starting SalaryDependent Variable: Log Absolute Error in Beliefs About:Note.-Estimates correspond to OLS estimation. Cluster errors in parentheses. Dependent variable is salary of the last NU graduating cohort in major m; and s obs_m is the actual average salary of the graduates in m.Sample restricted to students who report expectations higher (lower) than realizations, i.e., F-test for the joint significance of the covariates excluding the constant term.F-test for the joint significance of the coefficients on the second preferred major and least preferred major (majors never pursued by the respondent).</figDesc><table coords="37,105.21,61.19,246.95,525.05">Initial Survey 

Second Survey 

All 
(1) 

Overpredictors a 

(2) 

Underpredictors a 

(3) 

All 
(4) 

Over 
(5) 

Under 
(6) 

All 
(7) 

Over 
(8) 

Under 
(9) 

Constant 

2.86*** 

2.78*** 

2.89*** 

2.68*** 
2.62*** 2.68*** 2.48*** 2.02*** 2.55*** 

(.13) 

(.23) 

(.12) 

(.12) 

(.22) 

(.13) 

(.17) 

(.43) 

(.16) 

Dropped major 

.26 

.57* 

Ϫ.13 

.53* 

.08 

.58 

.55* 

.10 

.58 

(.21) 

(.32) 

(.23) 

(.27) 

(.40) 

(.40) 

(.29) 

(.41) 

(.42) 

Least preferred major 

.21 

.23 

.23* 

.32** 

.10 

.36*** 

.33** 

.12 

.36*** 

(.14) 

(.29) 

(.13) 

(.13) 

(.28) 

(.11) 

(.14) 

(.29) 

(.12) 

Second pursued major 

Ϫ.19 

Ϫ.78* 

.16 

.12 

Ϫ.09 

.16 

.16 

.04 

.17 

(.21) 

(.43) 

(.12) 

(.15) 

(.31) 

(.12) 

(.14) 

(.31) 

(.12) 

Second preferred major 

Ϫ.06 

Ϫ.40 

.22 

.22 

.42 

.04 

.23 

.55 

.06 

(.19) 

(.38) 

(.14) 

(.17) 

(.38) 

(.14) 

(.17) 

(.39) 

(.15) 

Absolute error in initial survey 

.07 

.19 

.05 

(.05) 

(.12) 

(.04) 

Test of joint significance of covariates 
excluding constant term 

Can't Rej b 

Can't Rej 

Can't Rej 
Reject Can't Rej Reject 

Reject Can't Rej Reject 

P-value 

.683 

.704 

.298 

.032 

.603 

.059 

.028 

.414 

.067 

Test of joint significance of least preferred 
and second preferred major 

Can't Rej c 

Can't Rej 

Reject 
Reject Can't Rej Reject 

Reject Can't Rej Reject 

P-value 

.936 

.325 

.077 

.077 

.982 

.011 

.049 

.758 

.011 

Respondent random effect 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

Yes 

No. of observations 

341 

147 

195 

341 

124 

217 

335 

120 

215 

No. of clusters 

117 

77 

89 

117 

73 

104 

117 

72 

104 

R 2 

.0155 

.0544 

.0158 

.0157 

.0146 

.0422 

.0243 

.0391 

.0505 

; 
is respondent's belief of the average 

ln F(s 

Ϫ 

s 

/s 

) # 

100F s 

im 
obs m obs m 

im 

Ϫ 

Ϫ 

a 

. 

s 1 

s 

(s ! 

s 

) 

im 

obs m 

im 

obs m 

Ϫ 

Ϫ 

b 

c 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_11" coords="46,113.57,64.39,208.86,163.34"><head>Table A2 Why</head><label>A2</label><figDesc>Do Students Switch Majors?Reasons for Dropping MajorsThe initial major was too challenging 14.10 a</figDesc><table coords="46,113.57,109.92,208.84,117.81">(22.62) 
The initial major was too easy 
1.70 
(6.19) 
I did not find the major interesting any more 
29.80 
(28.97) 
I got interested in something else 
29.90 
(29.89) 
My parents wanted me to change majors 
.80 
(2.63) 
There was peer pressure to change majors 
.80 
(3.40) 
Others 
31.00 
(29.60) 
Number of observations 
14 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="7">Students can still change their major during their junior or senior year, but they have to go through a formal process to do so.This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="8">The College of Arts and Sciences at Northwestern University consists of 41 majors. Similar majors were pooled together.Table A1in the appendix shows the categorization of majors. 9 This outcome is meant to capture the student's belief about academic ability in a major. The cutoff of 3.5 for graduating GPA was arbitrary.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="12">Since only the expected value (and not the distribution) was elicited for the continuous outcomes, whether learning is general or specific for continuous outcomes cannot be tested.13  The analysis yields qualitatively similar results if extremities are instead defined as a response of ≤ 5 or ≥ 95 on a 0-100 scale.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="22">This pattern between beliefs about course work hours/week and new information about ability would be obtained if (perceived) ability affects the marginal utility of effort negatively, that is, students with higher perceived ability spend</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="25">The above-mentioned interpretation of the model does not apply to the continuous outcomes (course work hours per week; job hours per week; expected salary); I discuss the updating of expected salary in detail in Sec. VI.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="26">Here, as in<ref type="bibr" coords="32,126.45,551.06,93.77,8.70" target="#b4">Becker and Stigler (1977)</ref>, I assume that preferences are stationary. 27 This number comes from directly asking the respondents to report their major-specific GPA for the new major and then comparing it to their GPA in the previous major.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on July 02, 2019 12:50:33 PM All use subject to University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions (http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" />
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>College Student Expectations College Student Expectations</head><p>College Student Expectations reasons-from variation in information sets to selection into occupations, to time nonstationarity in labor markets-the historical statistics typically cited as objective realities need not be such from the forward-looking perspective of the student. Therefore, instead I use students' responses to questions that asked for their prediction of the average annual starting salaries of Northwestern bachelor's degree graduates of the year in which they were surveyed. Responses to these question can be compared directly to actual salary realizations of Northwestern graduates, available from the Northwestern University Career Services. In the initial survey, students were asked: "What do you think was the average annual starting salary of Northwestern graduates (of 2006) with Bachelor's Degrees in Category X?" In the follow-up survey, the question asked was: "What do you think was the average annual starting salary of Northwestern G graduates (of 2007) with Bachelor's Degrees in X?" where G p {Male, Female}.</p><p>For the analysis, I assume that student i reports, , the average gender-  <ref type="bibr" coords="35,167.23,317.24,49.56,9.66" target="#b7">Betts (1996)</ref>, I use the following metric to model the respondents' errors:  <ref type="figure" coords="35,202.62,402.72,33.30,9.66">figure 5</ref> shows the density of the metric in the two surveys. The distribution is shifted left in the Fall 2007 survey. This is consistent with students' predictions becoming more accurate over time. <ref type="bibr" coords="35,87.02,437.74,5.98,5.31">32</ref> The lower panel of the figure shows the density of the errors (i.e., the metric as in eq.</p><p>[6] but without the absolute value and the natural logarithm). The plot shows that both positive and negative errors get smaller over time.</p><p>spondent's prediction of the average starting salary of 2007 Northwestern graduates of gender G ( ) in major m. G p {m, f} 32 This would be also consistent with the possibility that it was easier to predict labor market returns in 2007 relative to 2006. This is highly unlikely since the labor market conditions were similar over the period 2006-7. Hence, I discount this possibility. Responses may also change between the two surveys solely due to the fact that the questions were asked in different ways in the two instruments. This cannot be ruled out.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Survey Excerpt</head><p>The following introduction was read and handed to the respondents at the start of the survey:</p><p>In some of the survey questions, you will be asked about the percent chance of something happening. The percent chance must be a number between zero and 100. Numbers like 2 or 5% indicate "almost no chance," 19% or so may mean "not much chance," a 47 or 55% chance may be a "pretty even chance," 82% or so indicates a "very good chance," and a 95 or 98% mean "almost certain." The percent chance can also be thought of as the number of chances out of 100.</p><p>The following set of questions was asked for each of the relevant categories. The questions below were asked for Natural Sciences.</p><p>Q1 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what would be your most likely major? Q2 If you were majoring in Natural Sciences, what do you think is the percent chance that you will successfully complete this major in 4 years (from the time that you started college)? (Successfully complete means to complete a bachelors) note: In answering these questions fully place yourself in the (possibly) </p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,305.28,310.90,9.66;46,75.71,317.24,300.86,9.66;46,75.71,329.19,12.45,9.66" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The demand for and return to education when education outcomes are uncertain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Altonji</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="48" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,341.15,310.88,9.66;46,75.71,353.10,197.36,9.66" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ability sorting and the returns to college major</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Arcidiacono</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Econometrics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">121</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,365.06,310.96,9.66;46,75.71,377.01,300.95,9.66;46,75.71,388.97,169.55,9.66" xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Modeling college major choice using elicited measures of expectations and counterfactuals. Working paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Arcidiacono</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joe</forename><surname>Hotz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Songman</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Duke University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,400.92,310.97,9.66;46,75.71,412.88,193.80,9.66" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Occupation choice: The role of undergraduate education</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gustavo</forename><surname>Bamberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">PhD diss</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,424.83,310.94,9.66;46,75.71,436.79,163.78,9.66" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">De gustibus non est disputandum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>Stigler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="76" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,448.74,310.94,9.66;46,75.71,460.70,300.93,9.66;46,75.71,472.65,163.70,9.66" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The rationality of retirement expectations and the role of new information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hugo</forename><surname>Benitez-Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Debra</forename><surname>Dwyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="587" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,484.61,310.91,9.66;46,75.71,496.56,300.86,9.66;46,75.71,508.52,250.29,9.66" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How do elderly form expectations? An analysis of responses to new information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Bernheim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Douglas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 2719</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">National Bureau of Economic Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,520.47,310.88,9.66;46,75.71,532.43,300.83,9.66;46,75.71,544.38,12.45,9.66" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What do students know about wages? Evidence from a survey of undergraduates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julian</forename><surname>Betts</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,556.34,310.87,9.66;46,75.71,568.29,298.17,9.66" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Career plans and expectations of young women and men</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francine</forename><surname>Blau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marianne</forename><surname>Ferber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="581" to="607" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="46,65.75,580.25,310.94,9.66;47,75.71,66.19,300.98,9.66;47,75.71,78.34,300.86,9.66;47,75.71,90.50,32.38,9.66" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expressing epistemic uncertainty: It&apos;s a fifty-fifty chance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bruine De Bruin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Baruch</forename><surname>Wandi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bonnie</forename><surname>Fischhoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><surname>Halpern-Felsher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Millstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="115" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,102.85,310.83,9.66;47,75.71,115.00,300.97,9.66;47,75.71,127.16,108.86,9.66" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Separating heterogeneity from uncertainty in life cycle earnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Flavio</forename><surname>Cunha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Heckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Salvador</forename><surname>Navarro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Oxford Economic Papers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="261" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,139.51,310.96,9.66;47,75.71,151.66,300.86,9.66;47,75.71,163.82,32.38,9.66" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Job preferences, college major, and the gender gap in earnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Daymont</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Andrisani</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="408" to="436" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,176.17,310.92,9.66;47,75.71,188.33,300.83,9.66;47,75.71,200.48,22.42,9.66;47,65.75,212.83,310.86,9.66;47,75.71,224.99,158.77,9.66" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pill, patch or shot? Subjective expectations and birth control choice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adeline</forename><surname>Delavande</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Risk and Uncertainty</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>International Economic Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,237.34,310.92,9.66;47,75.71,249.49,198.30,9.66" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Earning expectations, revisions, and realizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeff</forename><surname>Dominitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="374" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,261.85,310.94,9.66;47,75.71,274.00,284.13,9.66" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eliciting student expectations of the returns to schooling</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeff</forename><surname>Dominitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Manski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,286.36,310.93,9.66;47,75.71,298.51,300.85,9.66;47,75.71,310.66,138.10,9.66" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are people Bayesian? Uncovering behavioral strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mahmoud</forename><surname>El-Gamal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Grether</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the American Statistical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">432</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1137" to="1182" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,323.02,310.88,9.66;47,75.71,335.17,222.89,9.66" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Learning and wage dynamics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henry</forename><surname>Farber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><surname>Gibbons</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1007" to="1055" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,347.52,310.88,9.66;47,75.71,359.68,112.96,9.66" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A theory of cognitive dissonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leon</forename><surname>Festinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1957" />
			<publisher>Stanford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Stanford, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,372.03,310.87,9.66;47,75.71,384.19,168.36,9.66" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The market for college-trained manpower</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<publisher>Harvard University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,396.54,310.96,9.66;47,75.71,408.69,173.49,9.66" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">College selectivity and earnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Garman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Linda</forename><surname>Loury</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Labor Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="289" to="308" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,421.05,310.94,9.66;47,75.71,433.20,143.90,9.66" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Experience and worker flows. Working paper, University of California</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Aspen</forename><surname>Gorry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<pubPlace>Santa Cruz</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,445.55,310.87,9.66;47,75.71,457.71,300.87,9.66;47,75.71,469.86,300.88,9.66;47,75.71,482.02,17.43,9.66" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Behavior in a dynamic decision problem: An analysis of experimental evidence using a Bayesian type classification algorithm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Houser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Keane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><surname>Mccabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="781" to="822" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,494.37,310.90,9.66;47,75.71,506.52,300.88,9.66;47,75.71,518.68,12.45,9.66" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The predictive validity of subjective probabilities of survival</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Hurd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathleen</forename><surname>Mcgarry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">482</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="966" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,531.03,310.87,9.66;47,75.71,543.19,164.85,9.66" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Job matching and the theory of turnover</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Boyan</forename><surname>Jovanovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="972" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="47,65.75,555.54,310.87,9.66;47,75.71,567.69,300.93,9.66;47,75.71,579.95,168.07,9.66;47,109.11,626.54,253.78,7.20;47,54.13,642.00,363.74,1.00;48,356.31,43.97,20.37,8.70" xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Understanding the income gradient in college attendance in Mexico: The role of heterogeneity in expected returns. Working paper, University of Bocconi. This content downloaded from 128.250.144.144 on</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Katja</forename><surname>Kaufmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/t-and-c).Zafar" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-07-02" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press Terms and Conditions</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>50:33 PM All use subject to</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,66.19,310.92,9.66;48,75.71,78.14,218.69,9.66" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Individual perceptions of the criminal justice system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lance</forename><surname>Lochner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="444" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,90.10,310.92,9.66;48,75.71,102.05,300.98,9.66;48,75.71,114.01,133.37,9.66" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Breadth vs. depth: The effect of academic specialization on labor market outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ofer</forename><surname>Malamud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>08.08</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Working Paper Series</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Harris School, University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,125.96,310.89,9.66;48,75.71,137.92,300.94,9.66;48,75.71,149.87,91.72,9.66;48,65.75,161.83,310.88,9.66;48,75.71,173.78,300.86,9.66;48,75.71,185.74,300.95,9.66;48,75.71,197.69,107.63,9.66;48,65.75,209.64,306.66,9.66" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Schooling as experimentation: A reappraisal of the post-secondary drop-out phenomenon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Manski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Studies of supply and demand in higher education</title>
		<editor>Charles Clotfelter and Michael Rothschild</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1329" to="76" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Econometrica</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,221.60,310.87,9.66;48,75.71,233.55,300.92,9.66;48,75.71,245.51,124.85,9.66" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do women shy away from competition? Do men compete too much?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Muriel</forename><surname>Niederle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lise</forename><surname>Vesterlund</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">122</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1067" to="1101" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,257.46,310.82,9.66;48,75.71,269.42,199.51,9.66" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Learning your comparative advantages. Working paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Theodore</forename><surname>Papageorgiou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Pennsylvania State University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,281.37,310.99,9.66;48,75.71,293.33,300.91,9.66;48,75.71,305.28,81.86,9.66" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Great expectations: Variations in income expectations among college seniors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Herbert</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Brian</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sociology of Education</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="207" />
			<date type="published" when="1990-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,317.24,310.90,9.66;48,75.71,329.19,300.86,9.66;48,75.71,341.15,157.49,9.66" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Longevity expectations and death: Can people predict their own demise?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><surname>Kerry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frank</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sloan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1126" to="1160" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,353.10,310.89,9.66;48,75.71,365.06,219.70,9.66" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An empirical examination of the option value of schooling. Working paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kevin</forename><surname>Stange</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Michigan</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,377.01,310.88,9.66;48,75.71,388.97,300.97,9.66;48,75.71,400.92,53.91,9.66;48,65.75,412.88,310.96,9.66;48,75.71,424.83,245.88,9.66" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Learning about academic ability and the college drop-out decision. Working paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><surname>Stinebrickner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ralph</forename><surname>Stinebrickner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Western Ontario ; University of Western Ontario</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>The causal effect of studying on academic performance. Working paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,436.79,310.91,9.66;48,75.71,448.74,171.97,9.66" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alarmist decisions with divergent risk information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Viscusi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kip</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">445</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1657" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,460.70,310.90,9.66;48,75.71,472.65,300.86,9.66;48,75.71,484.61,152.50,9.66" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adaptive responses to chemical labeling: Are workers Bayesian decision makers?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Viscusi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles O&amp;apos;</forename><surname>Kip</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Connor</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="942" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="48,65.75,496.56,310.86,9.66;48,75.71,508.52,195.34,9.66" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">College major choice and the gender gap</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Basit</forename><surname>Zafar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 364</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<pubPlace>Federal Reserve Bank of New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Staff Report</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
