<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Wealth, status, and fitness: a historical study of Norwegians in variable environments</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gine</forename><forename type="middle">Roll</forename><surname>Skjaervø</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Trondheim</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Terje</forename><surname>Bongard</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Norwegian Institute of Nature Research (NINA)</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Trondheim</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Åslaug</forename><surname>Viken</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">Norwegian biodiversity information Centre</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Trondheim</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bård</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Stokke</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Trondheim</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Centre for Advanced Study</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Oslo</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eivin</forename><surname>Røskaft</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Trondheim</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Centre for Advanced Study</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Oslo</settlement>
									<country key="NO">Norway</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Wealth, status, and fitness: a historical study of Norwegians in variable environments</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2010.11.006</idno>
					<note type="submission">Initial receipt 29 November 2009; final revision received 5 November 2010</note>
					<note>Original Article</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:17+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Human life history</term>
					<term>Fitness</term>
					<term>Grandchildren</term>
					<term>Reproductive success</term>
					<term>Diet</term>
					<term>Social status and wealth</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Wealth and status covary with lifetime reproductive success in preindustrial human populations. Local ecology is likely to modify this association, but details of this presumed relationship are not yet known. We sought to determine whether local ecology modifies the relationship between status and fitness (number of grandchildren). Our approach to the problem was to measure variation in fitness relative to status (landless or with land) and to local ecology (inland versus coastal communities). We also analyzed life history traits that might explain observed variations in fitness. Our results confirm previous findings that both status (landless=9.9 vs. with land=16.5) and ecology (inland=12.3 vs. coast=14.1) affect the number of grandchildren produced by a female in pre-industrial society. We also found that the differences in number of children between the status groups were less pronounced on the coast (landless=12.0 vs. with land=16.1) than inland (landless=7.8 vs. with land=16.8). Our findings are novel because they suggest that the fitness consequences of human status may depend on details of local ecology. We discuss four different mechanisms that could account for these fitness differences: (1) differential reproductive rate of mothers, (2) differential marriage rate of children (3) differential survival rate of children, and (4) different social practices (breastfeeding, inheritance of property and diet). Published by Elsevier Inc.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>Life history traits such as age at first reproduction, number of offspring born, offspring survival, reproductive period, interval between births, and age of death are all components of variation in reproductive success <ref type="bibr" coords="1,238.39,540.38,48.47,8.74" target="#b56">(Roff, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,47.85,552.34,56.76,8.74" target="#b61">Stearns, 1992)</ref>. Resources are essential for an individual's survival and reproduction and therefore affect fitness <ref type="bibr" coords="1,263.11,564.30,23.76,8.74;1,47.85,576.26,22.62,8.74" target="#b56">(Roff, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,75.40,576.26,57.78,8.74" target="#b61">Stearns, 1992)</ref>. Because resources (wealth) covary with social status (individuals with greater/lesser resource availability) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,98.47,600.13,48.25,8.74" target="#b22">(Ellis, 1995)</ref>, status can also explain variations in different reproductive strategies between individuals and in the fitness that they gain <ref type="bibr" coords="1,154.66,624.06,48.53,8.74" target="#b56">(Roff, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,205.28,624.06,55.00,8.74" target="#b60">Stearns, 1976)</ref>. Male reproductive success is influenced by status and wealth <ref type="bibr" coords="1,47.85,647.98,62.78,8.74" target="#b64">(Trivers, 1972)</ref>, whereas the ability to gain sufficient resources is particularly important for a female <ref type="bibr" coords="1,234.88,659.94,47.74,8.74" target="#b36">(Low, 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Associations between resource availability and reproductive success are reported from birds (review in <ref type="bibr" coords="1,495.38,492.53,54.55,8.74" target="#b8">Boutin, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.85,504.49,55.19,8.74" target="#b44">Martin, 1987)</ref> and from mammals (review in <ref type="bibr" coords="1,491.98,504.49,53.64,8.74" target="#b8">Boutin, 1990)</ref>. Food is an important resource. The effects of food on individual mammalian reproductive effort have been observed in the laboratory and in the field. For example, food provision accelerates breeding in snowshoe hare (Lepus americanus) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,365.73,564.30,122.94,8.74" target="#b53">(Odonoghue &amp; Krebs, 1992)</ref> and increases female fertility in hispid cotton rats (Sigmodon hispidus) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.85,588.17,107.86,8.74" target="#b15">(Doonan &amp; Slade, 1995)</ref> and in red squirrels (Sciurus vulgaris) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,350.76,600.13,99.67,8.74" target="#b68">(Wauters &amp; Lens, 1995)</ref>. Provisioning increases weaning success in bank voles (Clethrionomys glareolus) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,310.85,624.05,209.31,8.74" target="#b34">(Koskela, Jonsson, Hartikainen, &amp; Mappes, 1998)</ref>. Food availability is an important determinant of interbirth intervals across 14 baboon populations (genus Papio) <ref type="bibr" coords="1,488.81,647.98,61.13,8.74;1,310.85,659.94,58.74,8.74" target="#b30">(Hill, Lycett, &amp; Dunbar, 2000)</ref>. Food quality may also be important for individual reproductive success <ref type="bibr" coords="1,439.48,671.90,65.87,8.74" target="#b45">(Maynard, 1979)</ref>.</p><p>Dominance appears to be associated with food availability in a variety of taxa. In mammals, for example, dominant <ref type="bibr" coords="1,198.77,101.23,170.19,7.97">Evolution and Human Behavior 32 (2011) 305 -314</ref> individuals have preferential access to greater amounts of food <ref type="bibr" coords="2,66.33,77.54,99.09,8.74" target="#b23">(Gende &amp; Quinn, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,169.57,77.54,54.01,8.74" target="#b66">Vogel, 2005)</ref> and to higher quality food resources <ref type="bibr" coords="2,140.88,89.50,138.00,8.74" target="#b48">(Murray, Eberly, &amp; Pusey, 2006)</ref>. Status and diet may also affect life history. High-ranking primate females were well fed because they often displaced others from resources <ref type="bibr" coords="2,145.66,125.39,52.64,8.74" target="#b22">(Ellis, 1995)</ref>. They had higher fecundity and offspring survival, and they began their reproductive careers earlier than low-ranking females. Local ecology may also modify the relationship between status and reproductive success. If resources are locally limiting, then the relationship between status and reproductive success may be stronger than it would be if resources are locally abundant and difficult to monopolize <ref type="bibr" coords="2,156.47,209.06,48.08,8.74" target="#b22">(Ellis, 1995)</ref>.</p><p>Human families with dissimilar access to resources (high or low status) are expected to follow different life-history strategies <ref type="bibr" coords="2,85.15,244.95,122.63,8.74" target="#b46">(Mcnamara &amp; Houston, 1996)</ref>. Indeed, in many pre-industrial human populations, social status (access to resources) and wealth (individuals with greater/lesser resources) covary with reproductive success. Richer individuals had more children <ref type="bibr" coords="2,233.01,292.74,50.11,8.74" target="#b17">Dribe, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,44.05,304.70,45.72,8.74" target="#b22">Ellis, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,92.41,304.70,103.01,8.74">review in Hopcroft, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,44.05,316.67,130.10,8.74" target="#b39">Low, Simon, &amp; Anderson, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,176.65,316.67,106.49,8.74;2,44.05,328.63,22.62,8.74" target="#b43">Lycett, Dunbar, &amp; Voland, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,71.94,328.63,172.68,8.74" target="#b54">Pettay, Helle, Jokela, &amp; Lummaa, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,249.90,328.63,33.27,8.74;2,44.05,340.59,92.52,8.74" target="#b57">Røskaft, Wara, &amp; Viken, 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,140.49,340.59,56.98,8.74" target="#b67">Voland, 1998)</ref>. These studies have often used the number of offspring that survive to reproductive age as a measure of reproductive success (except for <ref type="bibr" coords="2,93.37,376.42,78.47,8.74" target="#b54">Pettay et al., 2007)</ref>. However, the number of grandchildren produced is a longer-term measure of fitness <ref type="bibr" coords="2,44.05,400.34,155.29,8.74" target="#b25">(Gillespie, Russell, &amp; Lummaa, 2008)</ref>. No previous study has examined the possible local ecological impact on the association between status and reproductive success (number of grandchildren) in humans.</p><p>The present study examines how status (an assessment of personal access to recourses divided to groups of landless or with land) and ecology may affect fitness (measured as number of grandchildren) under different ecological circumstances (inland or coastal). We also wanted to investigate the proximate mechanisms that might mediate a relationship among status, ecology, and fitness. We analyzed possible effects (both primary and interactions) of status and ecology on a number of key female life-history traits. We classified 1551 preindustrial Norwegian females according to status (high or low) and ecology (inland or coast). We analyzed these females' complete reproductive histories. Our data have four important features. First, the number of grandchildren of each woman is known and represents a longerterm measure of fitness. Second, the study period covers the years from 1700 to 1900 CE, before industrialization and improved health care associated with the demographic transition began to affect survivorship and family size <ref type="bibr" coords="2,44.05,663.34,100.68,8.74" target="#b12">(Coale &amp; Watkins, 1986;</ref>. Third, data include the status and wealth of each woman based on her husband's socioeconomic status in a farming community. In these data, status is a surrogate for differences in resource availability. Such differences have previously been shown to influence family size in our study (inland) population <ref type="bibr" coords="2,307.11,65.63,89.18,8.74" target="#b57">(Røskaft et al., 1992)</ref>. Finally, we wanted to investigate potential pathways other than life-history traits. Such additional factors (climate, social conventions like breastfeeding, inheritance practices and diet) might mediate any observed differences. We include these factors (see also Materials and methods) in our analyses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Materials and methods</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Preindustrial Norway</head><p>Preindustrial Norwegian society was largely agricultural and highly monogamous. Both men and women married late. Half of the brides became pregnant during their engagement. Pregnant women who failed to marry tended to be cottagers, belonged to the working class, and were often penalized. Illegitimacy was high; for example, in 1851, 9.1% of Norwegian children were born out of wedlock <ref type="bibr" coords="2,499.01,269.32,47.13,8.74;2,307.11,281.29,55.11,8.74" target="#b21">(Eliassen &amp; Sogner, 1981)</ref>. Between 1801 and 1865, Norway's population growth rate, 1.3% per year, was one of the highest in Europe <ref type="bibr" coords="2,338.68,305.15,62.08,8.74" target="#b47">(Moseng, 2003)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Study area</head><p>We studied inland and coastal populations in central Norway (see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,367.31,358.73,148.63,8.74" target="#b58">Skjaervø, Stokke, &amp; Røskaft, 2009</ref>). The Soknedal area (63°N, 10°E, 435 km 2 ) has a typical inland ecology with mountains and valleys between 200 and 600 m above sea level. Throughout the study period, the majority of residents were farmers (oats, barley, cattle, sheep, and pigs). The population was 1367 in 1801 and increased to 2035 by 1865 <ref type="bibr" coords="2,330.86,430.51,60.28,8.74" target="#b27">(Haukdal, 1971</ref>), a population growth rate of 48.5% (0.74% per year). The island of Smøla (63°N, 8°E, 275 km 2 ) has a typical coastal ecology and a maximum altitude of 70 m above sea level. Some land clearing took place on the island during the 16th and 17th centuries. The typical Smøla man became both a farmer (oats, barley, cattle, sheep and pigs) and a fisherman. Fishing benefited both low-status and high-status people. The coastal population increased from 1166 to 2366 from 1801 to 1865 <ref type="bibr" coords="2,474.24,526.15,48.02,8.74" target="#b5">(Berg 1981)</ref>. The equivalent population growth rate is 102.9% (1.5% per year). In general, the northern climate limits farming in Norway. Farms in the communities varied in size, but none was particularly large <ref type="bibr" coords="2,377.23,573.94,60.78,8.74" target="#b27">(Haukdal 1971)</ref>. The two areas are located 100 km apart at the same latitude (63°N) and have similar climates <ref type="bibr" coords="2,343.50,597.86,111.28,8.74" target="#b50">(Nordli &amp; Grimenes, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,458.53,597.86,87.61,8.74;2,307.11,609.83,46.10,8.74" target="#b51">Nordli, Lie, Nesje, &amp; Dahl, 2003)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Demographic data</head><p>We used demographic data collected from local history books <ref type="bibr" coords="2,336.25,663.40,52.98,8.74" target="#b5">(Berg, 1981;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,394.58,663.40,58.49,8.74" target="#b27">Haukdal, 1971</ref>). Data are based on primary sources such as church registers, local tax lists, land registers, population censuses, and electoral registers. Data are of high quality and consist of complete information on all family members in most families. We recorded life-history traits for women (N=1551) who married before 1850 because emigration began to increase soon after 1850. Variables recorded were number of children born, number of adult children (reaching the age of 20), reproductive period, number of children married, number of grandchildren, age of mother when last child was born, mother's age of first reproduction, mother's age at death, birth intervals, status, and area. Individuals who migrated out of the area were excluded. A source of bias is that females of high status tended to marry within their own area and were therefore far more likely to remain under observation (87%) than were females of low status, who tended to marry outside the area (78%). We analyzed individual variation in female lifetime reproductive success according to the number of a female's grandchildren. This approach requires data on the number of children for all second-generation females. One difficulty with the approach was that some second-generation females moved out of the area and were "lost" from the data set. This loss reduced our usable sample to 307 grandmothers. To use information from the lost females, we assumed that their average fertility value was equal to the average fertility of the group to which they belonged. These average values for the number of children born to females were as follows: on the coast, with high status=5.4; with low status=4.6; inland, with high status=5.3; with low status=3.8. Under this assumption, we can calculate an approximate number of grandchildren for the first-generation females. The calculations were limited to cases where less than 50% of second-generation females were lost. By making this approximation, we obtained a dataset consisting of 1551 grandmothers. The two methods of recording the number of grandchildren were highly and statistically significantly correlated (r=0.722, N=307, pb.001). A reproductive history was considered to be completely known if the beginning (marriage) and the end (death) of all marriages of a person were documented in the church registers. <ref type="table" coords="3,119.45,472.06,31.97,8.74" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> presents descriptive statistics of life-history traits, including the number of grandchildren. The average age of marriage was higher than the average age of first reproduction in all groups of females. This was because married mothers of illegitimate first children were included in the data. When we excluded data from these females the average age of marriage became lower than the age of first reproduction <ref type="table" coords="3,147.97,555.74,35.76,8.74" target="#tab_0">(Table 1)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.4.">Status</head><p>We classified families and their members as either high or low status based on their socioeconomic position in the farm community. We assumed that such status was associated with stable access to food resources. Most people belonged to one of four different social groups <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.05,651.43,83.51,8.74" target="#b57">(Røskaft et al., 1992)</ref>:</p><p>(1) "Bønder": farmers who owned their farms, (2) "Leilendinger": farmers who leased their farm from landowners, (3) "Husmenn": cottagers who rented a house in exchange for an agreed amount of working days on the landowner's farm, and (4) "Inderst": farm servants and other people who worked on and off for farmers. We considered Bønder and Leilendinger to be high status and assumed that they enjoyed relatively stable access to resources. Inderst and Husmenn owned no land. We considered them to be low-status groups and assumed that they enjoyed less access to resources <ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.85,472.06,61.11,8.74" target="#b18">(Dyrvik, 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,376.73,472.06,62.20,8.74" target="#b27">Haukdal, 1971)</ref>. The social status groups were based on male characteristics. We assumed that women's access to resources depended on the social status of their husbands <ref type="bibr" coords="3,389.03,507.94,89.47,8.74" target="#b57">(Røskaft et al., 1992)</ref>. We looked for differences in farm size between areas by measuring differences in the number of animals kept (cattle, sheep and pigs). We selected 20 inland (Soknedal) farms at random and 20 coastal (Smøla) farms at random. We then counted the number of animals recorded in 1865 <ref type="bibr" coords="3,498.44,567.70,51.42,8.74" target="#b5">(Berg 1981;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,310.85,579.66,53.67,8.74" target="#b27">Haukdal 1971</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.5.">Statistical methods</head><p>We used multiple linear regressions to investigate the possible influences of area, status and the interaction of area and status on a female's overall fitness (number of grandchildren) and on each reproductive trait [age at first marriage (none of the females were excluded), age at first reproduction, number of children born, number of adult children, inter-birth interval, age at last reproduction, age at death, and number of married children]. We controlled all regressions for the female's birth year and the method for entering the predictors in the model was enter. We also investigated possible between-area fitness differences for females who married upwards or downwards in the social hierarchy. We used one-way parametric analysis of variance (ANOVA) for this analysis. We compared differences in number of grandchildren among four groups of females: (1) females marrying upwards in the social hierarchy, (2) females whose social status remained low after marriage, (3) females who grew up in the high-status group and remained in this group as adult, and (4) females marrying down in the social hierarchy. If any significant differences were found between the groups in the ANOVA, we compared individual groups of mothers with a post hoc (Tukey's honestly significant difference [HSD]) test. The distribution of the number of grandchildren appeared to deviate only slightly from the normal distribution. We could find no transformation that produced better agreement with a normal curve. We therefore used untransformed data in all subsequent analyses. All tests are two-tailed unless otherwise stated.</p><p>The size of the farm on which a female resided could in principle affect her reproductive success. However, we found no statistically significant difference between the two areas in the mean number of animals per farm (F 1,39 =1.91, df=1, p=.18). All data analyses were carried out in SPSS for Windows (SPSS Inc.) version 15.0.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1.">Main and interactional effects of status and area on fitness</head><p>Our study, like previous studies, showed that both status (landless=9.9 vs. with land=16.5) and ecology (inland=12.3 vs. coast=14.1) have significant positive main effects on the number of grandchildren produced by females in a preindustrial society. The differences between the status groups in the number of grandchildren were smaller on the coast (landless=12.0 vs. with land=16.1) than inland (landless=7.8 vs. with land=16.8). These findings indicate that the fitness consequences of human social status may vary in ways that depend on the local ecology. <ref type="figure" coords="4,163.39,547.18,23.80,8.74" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1</ref> illustrates these results. Our linear statistical (regression) model for the data explained 20% of the variance in female fitness. In the model, status (β=0.81) had the largest slope and appeared to be the most important predictor in the regression. The status x area interaction (β=0.53) was the second largest predictor. Area (β=0.36) was less important <ref type="table" coords="4,182.55,618.90,35.76,8.74" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.">Main and interaction effects of status and area on life-history traits</head><p>When we controlled for year of birth, we found significant positive main effects of status on all life-history traits other than age at last reproduction and age at death <ref type="table" coords="4,44.05,711.19,34.90,8.74" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>. When we controlled for year of birth, geographical area predicted age at marriage, age at first reproduction, number of adult and married children and inter-birth intervals. When we controlled for year of birth, area did not predict number of children born or age at last reproduction ( <ref type="table" coords="4,366.44,328.63,29.55,8.74" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). The status x area interaction had significant effects on a female's age at marriage (β=0.29), on age at first reproduction (β=0.29), on the number of children born (β=0.19) and on the number of her children who married (β=0.34). When we controlled for birth year, this interaction did not predict interbirth intervals, age at last reproduction or the number of adult children <ref type="table" coords="4,504.62,400.34,37.97,8.74" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>. Together, the main and interactional effects of status and area accounted for between 2.7-5.9% of the variance in each lifehistory trait analyzed <ref type="table" coords="4,394.35,436.23,35.76,8.74" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.3.">Fitness differences between the two areas among females marrying up or down in the social hierarchy</head><p>Our results indicate that poor agricultural females marrying upwards in the social hierarchy still had impaired fitness. In the inland area, but not in the coastal area, we found that females marrying upwards as well as downwards in the social hierarchy, as well as females whose social status remained low after marriage; all had significantly lower numbers of grandchildren relative to females who remained in the high-status group after marriage <ref type="figure" coords="4,464.14,571.73,29.01,8.74" target="#fig_1">(Fig. 2)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.">Discussion</head><p>Our study confirms the finding of previous studies that both ecology <ref type="bibr" coords="4,368.56,639.47,94.47,8.74" target="#b37">(Low &amp; Clarke, 1991</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,463.03,639.47,29.29,8.74" target="#b61">, 1992</ref> and status (reviewed in <ref type="bibr" coords="4,359.72,651.44,63.55,8.74" target="#b31">Hopcroft, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,426.04,651.44,46.64,8.74" target="#b36">Low, 2000)</ref> affect female lifehistory traits, including fitness <ref type="bibr" coords="4,445.94,663.40,100.19,8.74" target="#b25">(Gillespie et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,307.11,675.36,147.73,8.74" target="#b41">Lummaa, Jokela, &amp; Haukioja, 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,458.25,675.36,76.91,8.74" target="#b54">Pettay et al., 2007)</ref> in preindustrial societies. We analyzed fitness in terms of social status and also in geographical terms. We feel that by adding a spatial-geographical-ecological dimension to previous analyses of social status and fitness, we have shed new light on possible ways in which local ecology might modify previously hypothesized relationships between social status and individual fitness. We also analyzed a number of underlying variables that might explain variation in fitness. We found that fitness differences between the status groups were less significant on the coast than in the inland area. Our novel findings show that the fitness consequences of social status in humans may vary depending on the local ecology, as is the case in other species <ref type="bibr" coords="5,169.40,400.35,48.19,8.74" target="#b22">(Ellis, 1995)</ref>. Compared both with rich females from both environments and with poor females on the coast, poor mothers from the inland area had the fewest grandchildren born. We also found that four out of seven life history variables investigated were associated with these apparent differences in individual fitness (female's age at marriage, age at first reproduction, number of children born and the number of children married, while it did not predict the interbirth intervals, age at last reproduction, or number of adult children), and that out of these four traits, number of married children was the most important predictor.</p><p>The number of grandchildren a woman produces will depend on various life-history traits: age at marriage, age at  first reproduction, the number of children born, birth interval, the number of children who survive to adulthood and who marry, age at last reproduction, age at death, and offspring fertility <ref type="bibr" coords="6,114.52,101.46,81.93,8.74" target="#b57">(Røskaft et al., 1992)</ref>. We showed that age at marriage, age at first reproduction, the number of children born, and the number of married children were all affected by the interaction between status and area. In other words, compared with the other women in the study, poor inland women had fewer grandchildren in part because they had lower fertility because they began reproduction later and because their children married at a lower rate. These lifehistory variables important to individual fitness mediate the effect of the status x area interaction. Other historical studies have shown that fecundity as well as age at first reproduction <ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.05,232.99,140.48,8.74" target="#b28">(Helle, Lummaa, &amp; Jokela, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,189.01,232.99,94.13,8.74;6,44.05,244.95,56.22,8.74" target="#b35">Käär, Jokela, Helle, &amp; Kojola, 1996)</ref> are the best predictors of female fitness and that poor females tend to start reproduction later and have lower fertility than rich females <ref type="bibr" coords="6,176.48,268.82,78.98,8.74" target="#b54">(Pettay et al., 2007)</ref>. High extrinsic adult mortality may have decreased the age at first birth <ref type="bibr" coords="6,64.91,292.74,91.08,8.74" target="#b29">(Hill &amp; Hurtado, 1996)</ref> in females of both status groups in the fishing society. The mortality rate of females of both status groups in the fishing society was higher than the corresponding mortality rate in the inland. This difference likely resulted from accidents <ref type="bibr" coords="6,164.18,340.59,80.20,8.74">(Anonymous, 1868)</ref> and from disease <ref type="bibr" coords="6,74.72,352.55,61.34,8.74" target="#b47">(Moseng, 2003)</ref>. Both of these mortality factors were more common along the coast, the principal historical location of travel and transport in Norway <ref type="bibr" coords="6,220.14,376.42,58.74,8.74" target="#b59">(Sogner, 1979)</ref>. However, we found little evidence to suggest that the observed differences in fitness were likely to be caused by differences in survival during adulthood, with interaction effects of status and area having no significant effect on age at death. High age at marriage can also explain the delayed reproduction in poor inland women. Our data show (mothers of illegitimate first children were excluded from the data) that there were no differences in the time after marriage and first reproduction between the groups (F 3,1327 =0.30, p=.83), indicating that there were social constraints in the delay of the reproduction to poor mothers from the inland compared with the other women. Instead, the age of reproduction was high because age at marriage was high, likely because their future spouses needed more time to accumulate sufficient resources to establish an independent household <ref type="bibr" coords="6,234.54,555.74,48.58,8.74" target="#b36">(Low, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.05,567.70,74.05,8.74" target="#b54">Pettay et al., 2007)</ref>. However, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,167.13,567.70,82.64,8.74" target="#b57">Røskaft et al. (1992)</ref> showed no difference in first age of marriage between females marrying upward (30.4) and those remaining in the low class (30.3) in the inland population. This suggests that other factors like mate quality <ref type="bibr" coords="6,141.56,615.55,141.56,8.74" target="#b24">(Gettler, Agustin, &amp; Kuzawa, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,44.05,627.51,82.01,8.74" target="#b55">Phillips et al., 2001)</ref> might also account for the high age at marriage in poor inland women. The most important lifehistory variable that influenced the differences found in this study was the marriage probability of the children of poor inland women. These individuals could appear less attractive as mates if (1) their early rearing environment was relatively poor <ref type="bibr" coords="6,65.20,699.23,137.63,8.74" target="#b40">(Lummaa &amp; Clutton-Brock, 2002)</ref> and if (2) bad early condition reduced (subjective) attractiveness at marriageable ages <ref type="bibr" coords="6,67.35,723.15,89.40,8.74" target="#b24">(Gettler et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,162.54,723.15,89.61,8.74" target="#b55">Phillips et al., 2001)</ref> and/or anticipated poor reproductive performance <ref type="bibr" coords="6,493.74,65.63,52.40,8.74;6,307.11,77.54,65.37,8.74" target="#b42">(Lummaa &amp; Tremblay, 2003)</ref>. We showed that the main and interaction effects of status and of ecology explained more variance (20%) in the number of grandchildren than in any other lifehistory trait (3-6% of variance). This result indicates that the effects in question tended to span generations. Consistent with this finding, we showed that poor agricultural females marrying upwards in the social hierarchy still had impaired fitness. We found that females inland, but not on the coast, whether they married upwards or downwards in the social hierarchy, had significantly fewer grandchildren than females whose social status was high all their lives. Similarly, females whose social class remained low after marriage had significantly fewer grandchildren than females whose social status was permanently high. If offspring mortality were higher among poor people in inland areas than among poor people on the coast, then this difference could account for the fitness differences that we found. However, the survival rate of children (up to 20 years) born on the coast was actually lower than the corresponding survival rate in the inland, likely caused by accidents <ref type="bibr" coords="6,307.11,316.67,81.16,8.74">(Anonymous, 1868)</ref> and by disease <ref type="bibr" coords="6,455.64,316.67,62.76,8.74" target="#b47">(Moseng, 2003)</ref>. High infant mortality could result if women's high workloads allowed them insufficient time to breastfeed their children <ref type="bibr" coords="6,307.11,352.55,100.81,8.74" target="#b0">(Ågren &amp; Erickson, 2005)</ref>. These plausible suggestions seem at least generally consistent with the circumstances faced by females of both status groups in the fishing society. One possible consequence of fishermen's absence from home might be increased workloads for mothers and for grandmothers. In our analyses, the status x area interaction did not explain the variation in the number of children who survived to adulthood. In all, these arguments suggest that the observed differences may not result from differences in offspring survival.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Area Mean number of grandchildren</head><p>Infant mortality in Norway during the epoch of the study averaged 13%, the lowest in Europe. Regional differences within the country resulted in part from differing breastfeeding practices <ref type="bibr" coords="6,359.38,507.95,61.51,8.74" target="#b47">(Moseng, 2003)</ref>. Nursing practices did not tend to vary with status within a society and therefore could not explain our results. In one population, for example, highstatus mothers were no more likely to breastfeed their children than were low-status mothers <ref type="bibr" coords="6,463.01,555.74,62.14,8.74" target="#b47">(Moseng, 2003)</ref>. We assumed that these traits followed similar patterns in our study areas. Communities in both areas practiced primogeniture <ref type="bibr" coords="6,328.76,591.62,85.55,8.74" target="#b57">(Røskaft et al., 1992)</ref>. Land saturation and restrictive inheritance rules may have decreased the marriage rates <ref type="bibr" coords="6,307.10,615.55,59.28,8.74" target="#b6">(Boone, 1988)</ref> in the inland. The population density was higher in the inland (8.6 persons/km 2 ) than at the coast (4.6 persons/km 2 ). However, this would principally affect the marriage rate among the rich people with heritable wealth and not landless people. Thus, land saturation and inheritance practices could not explain the differences that we found.</p><p>Dietary patterns may in part explain our results. Suppose that the diet of poor inland women was of lower quality than the diet of other women in the sample. A high-carbohydrate diet, for example, could affect female fertility <ref type="bibr" coords="7,244.40,65.63,42.43,8.74;7,47.85,77.54,171.23,8.74" target="#b10">(Chavarro, Rich-Edwards, Rosner, &amp; Willett, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,224.45,77.54,62.41,8.74" target="#b13">Cordain, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,47.85,89.50,153.92,8.74" target="#b32">Jokela, Elovainio, &amp; Kivimaki, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,205.57,89.50,77.05,8.74" target="#b33">Jokela et al., 2007)</ref>. Such a low-quality diet could also exert prenatal influence on that female's children by interfering with the development of reproductive organs. This defect would impact the children's subsequent attractiveness <ref type="bibr" coords="7,150.01,137.35,77.85,8.74" target="#b24">(Gettler et al., 2010)</ref>, marital status <ref type="bibr" coords="7,47.85,149.31,93.24,8.74" target="#b55">(Phillips et al., 2001)</ref> and, finally, the female's fitness <ref type="bibr" coords="7,47.85,161.27,140.83,8.74" target="#b40">(Lummaa &amp; Clutton-Brock, 2002)</ref>. The healthiest human diets have roughly equal amounts of carbohydrate (27%), fat (43%) and protein (30%) <ref type="bibr" coords="7,149.33,185.14,84.35,8.74" target="#b14">(Cordain et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,236.18,185.14,50.68,8.74" target="#b20">Eaton, 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,47.85,197.10,63.84,8.74" target="#b49">Mysterud, 2006)</ref>. A female whose diet during pregnancy was high in carbohydrates might ultimately have fewer grandchildren than would an otherwise comparable female whose diet during pregnancy was low in carbohydrates. Literature on dietary patterns in the status classes and areas included in our study suggests that poor inland women's diets were less adequate than those of the other women in the sample. In light of this assumption, we propose that a diet high in carbohydrates may account, at least in part, for our finding that poor inland mothers from the inland had the lowest fertility, the lowest reproductive success and the lowest number of grandchildren born. We also showed that marrying upwards in the social hierarchy (and therefore, presumably, acquiring a balanced diet) failed to improve female fitness. This finding supports the idea that insufficient diet may influence human fitness across several generations.</p><p>Evolved strategies that serve to monopolize resources depend on resource availability and on the level of competition for these resources. The diets of individuals who monopolize food resources successfully and the diets of individuals who are displaced from food resources are therefore expected to differ <ref type="bibr" coords="7,171.78,448.19,55.05,8.74" target="#b2">(Allen, 1997)</ref>. It has been suggested <ref type="bibr" coords="7,95.14,460.10,75.15,8.74" target="#b62">(Summers, 2005)</ref> that agriculture in harsh environments differentially benefits high-status individuals. These individuals may then control surplus foods and communal storage facilities to retain power over subordinates. Our study found precisely this pattern in the social system of cottagers <ref type="bibr" coords="7,130.05,519.91,58.80,8.74" target="#b18">(Dyrvik, 1990)</ref>. Farmers had complete control of the fate of food resources and of individuals lower in the hierarchy. Individuals of low socioeconomic status traded their labor for low-quality food in order to survive famines <ref type="bibr" coords="7,345.03,77.53,154.44,8.74" target="#b63">(Supphellen, Kjelland, &amp; Imsen, 1984)</ref>.</p><p>Increasing evidence emphasizes the importance of natural diet for fertility <ref type="bibr" coords="7,374.74,101.46,90.19,8.74" target="#b10">(Chavarro et al., 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,467.83,101.46,82.10,8.74" target="#b14">Cordain et al., 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,310.85,113.42,81.97,8.74" target="#b16">Douglas et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,395.26,113.42,69.47,8.74" target="#b33">Jokela et al., 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,471.63,113.42,17.14,8.74" target="#b32">Jokela et al., , 2008</ref>. Our findings suggest that diet may have long-term fitness effects. There is need for future research whose focus is the possible association between diet and fitness.</p><p>We should point out two limitations of our study. First, we studied only two populations. We need to be cautious about generalizing these effects. Second, we had no individual information on diet. We had to use known or assumed group differences as a diet measure. However, the diet in the coastal area was indeed different from the inland diet. Different status groups in the coastal area had different diets. We may reasonably suppose that the diet of poor inland women was less adequate nutritionally than the diets of the other women in the sample.</p><p>Our conclusions are consistent with those of other human studies that reveal fitness consequences of status and hence of resources. Different local environments (local geographies) modify this relationship. We found that rich females from both environments had higher fitness than those who were landless and that differences between the status groups were greater in the agricultural area than in the fishing area. Landless agricultural mothers had fewer grandchildren than did mothers in the other three groups. These fitness differences reflected variation in life-history traits, including fertility, age of first reproduction and the number of married children. These differences may be due in part to differences in diet. Diet affects both maternal fertility and offspring fertility. Additionally, diets for the two social classes differed across environments. The diets of poor inland women were less balanced than were the diets of the other women in the sample. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix A. Diet</head><p>We found information on diets in 16th and 17th century Norway in a scientific review written by a medical historian <ref type="bibr" coords="8,44.05,113.42,50.41,8.74" target="#b26">(Grøn, 1942)</ref>, in historical records <ref type="bibr" coords="8,183.63,113.42,82.30,8.74" target="#b19">(Dyrvik et al., 1979)</ref> and in books of recipes <ref type="bibr" coords="8,139.13,125.39,73.30,8.74" target="#b4">(Bakkevig, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,219.29,125.39,63.83,8.74" target="#b52">Notaker, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,44.05,137.35,58.73,8.74" target="#b65">Ulltveit, 2000)</ref>. Grøn was one of the first researchers to work with medical history on a scientific basis. His research, particularly on Norwegian nutrition and medicine, is still cited today <ref type="bibr" coords="8,121.44,173.18,99.21,8.74" target="#b3">(Arntzen &amp; Helle, 1999)</ref>. The literature provides reliable information on the food consumption patterns of subgroups (i.e., high-status vs. low-status people and agricultural vs. fishing societies). We will address Norwegian diet in a broad sense and will then examine differences in diet according to social status and area. The sources cited above indicate that the diet consisted mainly of grain (oat and barley), milk, dried peas, fish, and meat <ref type="table" coords="8,44.05,268.82,37.00,8.74" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>. Grain, consumed as soup, porridge, and bread, was the primary source of energy. Norway imported approximately 30% of its total grain consumption. Imported grain was of generally poor quality <ref type="bibr" coords="8,221.27,304.70,57.40,8.74" target="#b26">(Grøn, 1942)</ref>, particularly during famines <ref type="bibr" coords="8,162.71,316.67,87.99,8.74" target="#b19">(Dyrvik et al., 1979)</ref>. Meat, primarily from sheep and cattle, represented only a small portion (6 kg/year) of an average person's diet <ref type="bibr" coords="8,257.05,340.59,26.12,8.74;8,44.05,352.55,21.54,8.74" target="#b26">(Grøn, 1942)</ref>. According to the literature, a variety of fish, including salmon (Salmo salar), herring (Clupea harengus), and cod (Gadus morhua) were part of the diet. Most marine fish caught were dried and/or salted and consumed by people of all status groups along the Norwegian coast. Freshwater fish were usually consumed by people of high status <ref type="bibr" coords="8,70.64,424.27,51.64,8.74" target="#b26">(Grøn, 1942)</ref>. Milk, the main source of dietary fat, was used in almost every dish and meal. Cheese made from cow's milk was a popular food item <ref type="bibr" coords="8,208.40,448.19,70.47,8.74" target="#b4">(Bakkevig, 2004)</ref>. Cultivation and consumption of potatoes was limited prior to 1850 in our study areas but increased in Norway by the end of the 18th century <ref type="bibr" coords="8,143.94,484.02,49.90,8.74" target="#b5">(Berg, 1981)</ref>.</p><p>Quality and quantity of food consumed varied both with social status and with area (inland or coast) <ref type="table" coords="8,241.29,507.95,38.31,8.74" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>. Landless inland people had a diet relying heavily on grain and milk. Marginal amounts of salted/dried herring and meat, sometimes as much as 10-20 years old, accompanied these staples <ref type="table" coords="8,106.12,555.74,40.46,8.74" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>. Thus, the diet was high in carbohydrates <ref type="table" coords="8,105.34,567.70,38.70,8.74" target="#tab_3">(Table 4)</ref>. We characterize this group in terms of its unbalanced, high-carbohydrate diet (H-Carb, <ref type="table" coords="8,44.05,591.62,31.17,8.74" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). Coastal people of low social status consumed relatively greater amounts of fresh fish and relatively smaller amounts of bread <ref type="table" coords="8,152.34,615.55,37.79,8.74" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="8,194.06,615.55,52.61,8.74" target="#b26">(Grøn, 1942;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,250.64,615.55,32.43,8.74;8,44.05,627.51,21.38,8.74" target="#b65">Ulltveit, 2000)</ref>, thus they had a more nutritionally balanced diet <ref type="table" coords="8,44.05,639.47,33.78,8.74" target="#tab_3">(Table 4</ref>). Wealthy individuals in both areas had a more nutritionally <ref type="table" coords="8,95.19,651.38,32.10,8.74" target="#tab_3">(Table 4</ref>) varied diet: fresh fish and meat, grain, milk, vegetables and imported fruits <ref type="table" coords="8,196.38,663.34,39.34,8.74" target="#tab_3">(Table 4)</ref>.We characterize the latter 3 groups in terms of their balanced diet, a diet that included only moderate amounts of carbohydrates (M-Carb, <ref type="table" coords="8,84.81,699.23,29.75,8.74" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>). The correlation between undernourishment and child mortality in human populations is strong <ref type="bibr" coords="8,44.05,723.15,191.90,8.74" target="#b9">(Caulfield, De Onis, Blossner, &amp; Black, 2004)</ref>. However, we found no differences in survival rates between offspring from different status groups residing inland (c 2 =0.19, df=1, 5644, pb.1). We therefore find it unlikely that individuals of low social status were underfed. Data adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="8,368.79,287.26,106.82,6.99" target="#b69">Widdowson and McCance (2002)</ref>.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="4,307.11,262.71,239.10,6.99;4,307.11,272.69,142.77,6.99"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Interaction between area and status in predicting number of grandchildren, when adjusting for year born.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="5,47.85,694.60,502.17,6.99;5,47.85,704.58,502.14,6.99;5,47.85,713.80,502.16,7.97;5,47.85,724.48,119.06,6.99"><head>Fig. 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Number of grandchildren (±S.D.) of females remaining in the low social class after marrying (low-low), females marrying upwards in the social hierarchy (low-high), females who spent their entire lives in the high-status group (high-high) and females marrying down in the social hierarchy (high-low). The results from an agricultural society and from a fishing society. Symbols indicate significance of differences between groups: ⁎pb.05; ⁎⁎pb.01; ⁎⁎⁎pb.001. Numbers within the bars indicate sample sizes.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="3,310.85,65.59,239.19,332.75"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics for life history variables according to group of women Married mothers of illegitimate first children were excluded from the data. b Values are in months. c Values are in years.</figDesc><table coords="3,310.85,89.97,239.19,274.41">Variables 
Coast 
Inland 

High 
status 

Low 
status 

High 
status 

Low 
status 

Mean±S.D. 

N 

Age of marriage c 
26.1±5.2 26.8±5.9 27.0±5.8 29.8±6.5 
327 
140 
673 
368 
Age of marriage a,c 
25.6±4.5 26.0±5.9 26.1±4.7 28.2±5.1 
309 
123 
605 
290 
Age of first reproduction c 26.6±4.8 26.6±5.6 26.8±4.8 28.5±5.4 
352 
151 
675 
373 
No. children born 
5.4±2.6 
4.6±2.8 
5.3±3.0 
3.8±2.6 
352 
151 
675 
373 
Birth interval b 
36±15 
40±23 
38±17 
43±20 
324 
127 
576 
289 
Age of last reproduction c 39.2±5.6 37.6±6.2 39.9±5.6 38.9±5.9 
342 
146 
623 
334 
No. adult children 
3.7±2.0 
3.2±2.1 
4.4±2.3 
3.4±2.1 
351 
149 
631 
343 
No. children married 
3.1±1.9 
2.7±1.9 
3.3±2.0 
2.1±1.5 
349 
147 
615 
323 
Age of death c 
65.3±17.6 66.2±16.1 68.2±17.1 69.6±16.5 
334 
142 
662 
357 
No. grandchildren 
16.1±7.8 12.0±7.4 16.8±9.5 
7.8±5.3 
352 
151 
675 
373 

a </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="5,47.85,65.59,502.15,214.20"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Results of multiple regressions using area, status, and area´status (independent variables) to explain the variation in each life history trait (dependent variable)</figDesc><table coords="5,47.85,88.21,502.12,191.58">Independent variable 
Adjusted R 2 
Status a 
Area b 
Status x area 

β 
t 
β 
t 
β 
t 

Dependent variable 
Age of first marriage 
.051 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.39 
5.17 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.09 
1.25 
.29 
-3.03 ⁎⁎ 
Age of first reproduction 
.048 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.32 
4.01 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.19 
2.00 
.29 
-2.80 ⁎⁎ 
No. children born 
.043 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.33 
-4.40 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.09 
-1.08 
.19 
2.12 ⁎ 
Birth-interval 
.030 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.18 
2.17⁎ 
-.02 
-0.02 
-.10 
-0.94 
Age of last reproduction 
.018 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.03 
-0.32 
.01 
0.16 
-.08 
-0.78 
No. adult children 
.045 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.32 
-4.19 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.26 
-3.40 ⁎⁎ 
.17 
1.85 
No. children married 
.059 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.48 
-6.23 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.21 
-3.12 ⁎⁎ 
.34 
3.41 ⁎⁎⁎ 
Age of death c 
.019 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.05 
0.52 
-.09 
-1.23 
-.03 
-0.28 
No. grandchildren 
.203 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.81 
-11.39 ⁎⁎⁎ 
-.36 
-5.17 ⁎⁎⁎ 
.53 
5.61 ⁎⁎⁎ 

All models control for year of birth. 
a High=reference. 
b Coast=reference. 
⁎ pb.05. 
⁎⁎ pb.010. 
⁎⁎⁎ pb.001. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="7,47.85,577.02,502.13,154.45"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Food consumption characteristics of the women studied CH, from the coast with high status; CL, from the coast with low status; IH, inland with high status; IL, inland with low status. Diet types are unbalanced diet high in carbohydrates (H-Carb) and balanced diet moderate in carbohydrates (M-Carb).</figDesc><table coords="7,47.85,601.45,502.13,105.64">Group 
Diet type 
Characteristic food types consumed 

High quantities 
Moderate quantities 
Low quantities 

CH 
M-Carb. 
Cod (dried and fresh), herring (salted), 
vegetables and whole milk 

Barley meal, beef, lamb meat (fresh and 
salted/dried) and oatmeal 

Cod liver, cod's roe and fruits 

CL 
M-Carb. 
Cod (dried and fresh), herring (salted) and 
whole milk 

Barley meal, oatmeal, herring (fat) 
Cod liver, cod's roe, dried pea, lamb meat 
(salted/dried), beef and vegetables 
IH 
M-Carb. 
Lamb meat (fresh), beef, vegetables and 
salmon 

Barley meal, oatmeal, cod (dried), herring 
(salted), lamb meat (fresh and salted/dried) 

Fruits 

IL 
H-Carb. 
Barley meal, oatmeal and whole milk 
Dried pea, lard and salted herring 
Lamb meat (salted/dried), beef and 
vegetables 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="8,307.11,65.59,239.08,214.20"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Nutrient content per 100 g edible portion</figDesc><table coords="8,307.11,89.97,239.08,189.82">Food type 
Nutrient 

Energy 
Protein 
Fat 
Carbohydrate 

kcal 
g 
g 
g 

Barley meal 
302 
8.6 
1.1 
60.6 
Beef 
212 
28.9 
10.7 
0 
Cod (boiled) 
94 
22.6 
0.4 
0 
Cod (dried) 
327 
78.5 
1.4 
0 
Cod liver 
630 
6.9 
66.9 
0 
Cod's roe 
125 
27 
1.9 
0 
Herring (fat) 
367 
21.3 
31.3 
0 
Herring (salted) 
210 
16.5 
16 
0 
Lard 
900 
0 
100 
0 
Lamb meat (fresh) 
213 
27.9 
11.3 
0 
Lamb meat (salted/dried) 
313 
26.2 
23.1 
0 
Oatmeal 
373 
11.7 
7 
61.7 
Pea (dried) 
287 
22 
2.1 
41.4 
Salmon (boiled) 
215 
23.2 
13.6 
0 
Whole milk 
66 
3.2 
3.9 
4.6 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank all the students who helped us collect data, and an anonymous reviewer for helpful comments on the manuscript.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,385.57,239.07,6.99;8,319.01,395.54,143.18,6.99" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Marital economy in Scandinavia and Britain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ågren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Erickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>Ashgate</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1400" to="1900" />
			<pubPlace>Aldershot</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,405.52,239.14,6.99;8,319.01,415.50,113.60,6.99" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Resultaterne af Folketaellingen i Norge i Januar 1866</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Anonymous</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
			<publisher>Norway: Departementet</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Kristiania</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,425.42,239.12,6.99;8,319.01,435.40,156.47,6.99" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Agriculture and the origins of the state in ancient Egypt</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Explorations in Economic History</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="154" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,445.38,239.10,6.99;8,319.01,455.30,91.51,6.99" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Norsk biografisk leksikon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Arntzen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Helle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Kunnskapsforlaget</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,465.28,239.16,6.99" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">God mat i fortiden</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bakkevig</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Tidsskrift Arkeologi AmS</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,475.25,239.14,6.99;8,319.01,485.23,41.73,6.99" xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Berg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Smøla Bygdebok. Bind 1-4</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Trondheim, Norway</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Rune Forlag</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,495.15,239.07,6.99;8,319.01,505.13,227.22,6.99;8,319.01,515.11,227.17,6.99;8,319.01,525.09,227.19,6.99" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental investment, social subordination and population processes among the 15th and 16th century Portuguese nobility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L I</forename><surname>Boone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Human reproductive behaviour: a darwinian perspective</title>
		<editor>L. L. Betzig, M. Borgerhoff Mulder, &amp; P. Turke</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="219" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,319.01,535.01,148.17,6.99" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Cambridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,544.99,239.07,6.99;8,319.01,554.96,227.18,6.99;8,319.01,564.88,177.68,6.99" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Food supplementation experiments with terrestrial vertebrates -patterns, problems, and the future</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Boutin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Zoology-Revue Canadienne De Zoologie</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="220" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,574.86,239.12,6.99;8,319.01,584.84,227.17,6.99;8,319.01,594.82,227.12,6.99;8,319.01,604.74,103.92,6.99" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Undernutrition as an underlying cause of child deaths associated with diarrhea, pneumonia, malaria, and measles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Caulfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>De Onis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Blossner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Black</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="198" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,614.72,239.05,6.99;8,319.01,624.70,227.23,6.99;8,319.01,634.67,227.19,6.99;8,319.01,644.59,68.24,6.99" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A prospective study of dietary carbohydrate quantity and quality in relation to risk of ovulatory infertility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Chavarro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Rich-Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rosner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Willett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,654.57,239.12,6.99;8,319.01,664.55,185.84,6.99" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ecological correlates of human dispersal in 19th-century Sweden</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clarke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Animal Behaviour</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="677" to="693" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,674.47,239.16,6.99;8,319.02,684.45,121.36,6.99" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The decline of fertility in Europe</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Coale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Watkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="8,307.11,694.43,239.04,6.99;8,319.02,704.41,227.21,6.99;8,319.02,714.33,227.21,6.99;8,319.02,724.30,116.72,6.99" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World review of nutrition and dietetics; evolutionary aspects of nutrition and health: diet, exercise, genetics and chronic disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Cordain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>A. P. Simopoulos</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Karger</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Basel</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Cereal grains: humanity&apos;s double-edged sword</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,64.91,239.12,6.99;9,59.75,74.89,227.18,6.99;9,59.75,84.87,227.12,6.99;9,59.75,94.84,76.20,6.99" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Origins and evolution of the Western diet: health implications for the 21st century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Cordain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Eaton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sebastian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Mann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lindeberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Watkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="341" to="354" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,104.77,239.10,6.99;9,59.75,114.74,227.18,6.99;9,59.75,124.72,30.62,6.99" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of supplemental food on population-dynamics of cotton rats (Sigmodon hispidus)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Doonan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Slade</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="814" to="826" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,134.70,239.08,6.99;9,59.76,144.62,227.20,6.99;9,59.76,154.60,148.93,6.99" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Role of diet in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Douglas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gower</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Darnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Ovalle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Oster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Azziz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Fertility and sterility</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="679" to="688" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,164.58,239.13,6.99;9,59.76,174.55,227.22,6.99;9,59.76,184.48,69.73,6.99" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Long-term effects of childbearing on mortality: Evidence from pre-industrial Sweden</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Dribe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Population Studies-a Journal of Demography</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="297" to="310" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,194.45,239.07,6.99;9,59.76,204.43,60.14,6.99" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Husmannsvesenet i Noreg</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dyrvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Landbruksforlaget</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,214.35,239.13,6.99;9,59.76,224.33,227.24,6.99;9,59.76,234.31,113.54,6.99" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Norsk Økonomisk Historie 1500-1970</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dyrvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Fossen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Grønlie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hovland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Nordvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tveite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<publisher>Universitetsforlaget</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1500" to="1850" />
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,244.29,239.09,6.99;9,59.76,254.21,227.19,6.99;9,59.76,264.19,54.05,6.99" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The ancestral human diet: what was it and should it be a paradigm for contemporary nutrition?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Eaton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the Nutrition Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="6" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,274.16,239.12,6.99;9,59.76,284.14,212.47,6.99" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bot eller bryllup: ugifte mødre og gravide bruder i det gamle samfunnet</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Eliassen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sogner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
			<publisher>Universitetsforlaget</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,294.06,239.16,6.99;9,59.76,304.04,227.18,6.99;9,59.75,314.02,30.62,6.99" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dominance and reproductive success among non-human animals: a cross-species comparison</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="333" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,323.94,239.08,6.99;9,59.76,333.92,227.19,6.99;9,59.76,343.90,227.13,6.99;9,59.76,353.87,119.61,6.99" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The relative importance of prey density and social dominance in determining energy intake by bears feeding on Pacific salmon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gende</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Quinn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Zoology-Revue Canadienne De Zoologie</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,363.79,239.13,6.99;9,59.76,373.77,227.18,6.99;9,59.76,383.75,80.90,6.99" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testosterone, body composition, and strength among Filipino males</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gettler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Agustin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kuzawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Human Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">254</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,393.73,239.14,6.99;9,59.76,403.65,227.17,6.99;9,59.76,413.63,227.17,6.99;9,59.76,423.61,113.56,6.99" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When fecundity does not equal fitness: evidence of an offspring quantity versus quality trade-off in pre-industrial humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">O S</forename><surname>Gillespie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the Royal Society B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">275</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="713" to="722" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,433.53,239.12,6.99;9,59.76,443.50,90.78,6.99" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Om kostholdet i Norge fra omkring 1500-tallet og op til vår tid</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Grøn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1942" />
			<publisher>Dybwad</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,453.48,239.09,6.99;9,59.76,463.46,121.91,6.99" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Busetnad og Folkeliv i Soknedal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Haukdal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Gard og grend. Bind 1-4</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,473.38,239.09,6.99;9,59.76,483.36,227.22,6.99;9,59.76,493.34,227.21,6.99;9,59.76,503.32,215.53,6.99" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are reproductive and somatic senescence coupled in humans? Late, but not early, reproduction correlated with longevity in historical Sami women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Helle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<meeting>the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">272</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="37" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,513.24,239.12,6.99;9,59.76,523.21,210.08,6.99" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ache life history: the ecology and demography of a foraging people</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hurtado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Aldine de Gruyter</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,533.19,239.08,6.99;9,59.75,543.17,227.18,6.99;9,59.75,553.09,30.62,6.99" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ecological and social determinants of birth intervals in baboons</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lycett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I M</forename><surname>Dunbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="560" to="564" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,563.07,239.11,6.99;9,59.76,573.05,227.18,6.99;9,59.75,582.97,30.62,6.99" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sex, status, and reproductive success in the contemporary United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hopcroft</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="104" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,592.95,239.15,6.99;9,59.76,602.93,227.19,6.99;9,59.76,612.90,194.86,6.99" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lower fertility associated with obesity and underweight: the US national longitudinal survey of youth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Elovainio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kivimaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="886" to="893" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,622.82,239.08,6.99;9,59.76,632.80,227.16,6.99;9,59.76,642.78,190.66,6.99" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Body mass index in adolescence and number of children adulthood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kivimaeki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Elovainio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Viikari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Raitakari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Keltikangas-Jaervinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Epidemiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="599" to="606" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,652.76,239.12,6.99;9,59.76,662.68,227.18,6.99;9,59.76,672.66,227.18,6.99;9,59.76,682.64,177.13,6.99" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Limitation of reproductive success by food availability and litter size in the bank vole</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Koskela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Jonsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hartikainen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mappes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Clethrionomys glareolus. Proceedings of the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">265</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1129" to="1134" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,47.85,692.56,239.09,6.99;9,59.76,702.53,227.16,6.99;9,59.76,712.51,227.14,6.99;9,59.76,722.49,82.33,6.99" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Direct and correlative phenotypic selection on life-history traits in three pre-industrial human populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Käär</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Helle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Kojola</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<meeting>the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">263</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1475" to="1480" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,64.91,239.14,6.99;9,322.81,74.89,121.36,6.99" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Why sex matters: A Darwinian look at human behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,84.86,239.12,6.99;9,322.81,94.84,227.13,6.99;9,322.81,104.76,95.53,6.99" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Family patterns in nineteenth-century Sweden: impact of occupational status and landownership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clarke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Family History</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="138" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,114.74,239.12,6.99;9,322.81,124.72,227.12,6.99;9,322.81,134.70,30.56,6.99" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resources and the life course-patterns through the demographic-transition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clarke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="463" to="494" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,144.62,239.08,6.99;9,322.82,154.60,227.17,6.99;9,322.82,164.57,202.62,6.99" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An evolutionary ecological perspective on demographic transitions: modeling multiple currencies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Simon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Human Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="167" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,174.55,239.13,6.99;9,322.82,184.47,227.12,6.99;9,322.82,194.45,30.56,6.99" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early development, survival and reproduction in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Clutton-Brock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends in Ecology and Evolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="141" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,204.43,239.11,6.99;9,322.82,214.35,227.13,6.99;9,322.82,224.33,98.25,6.99" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gender difference in benefits of twinning in pre-industrial humans: boys did not pay</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Haukioja</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Animal Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="739" to="746" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.86,234.31,239.07,6.99;9,322.82,244.28,227.18,6.99;9,322.82,254.20,227.10,6.99;9,322.82,264.18,87.21,6.99" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Month of birth predicted reproductive success and fitness in pre-modern Canadian women</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tremblay</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<meeting>the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">270</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2355" to="2361" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.86,274.16,239.12,6.99;9,322.82,284.14,227.15,6.99;9,322.82,294.06,215.48,6.99" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Longevity and the costs of reproduction in a historical human population</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lycett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I M</forename><surname>Dunbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Voland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</title>
		<meeting>the Royal Society of London Series B-Biological Sciences</meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">267</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="35" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.86,304.04,239.13,6.99;9,322.82,314.02,185.32,6.99" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Food as limit on breeding birds: a life-history perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Ecology and Systematics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="453" to="487" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,323.94,234.97,6.99" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Animal nutrition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Maynard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<pubPlace>New Delhi; Tata McGraw-Hill</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,333.92,239.10,6.99;9,322.81,343.90,73.19,6.99" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">State-dependent life histories</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcnamara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Houston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">380</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="215" to="221" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,353.87,239.10,6.99;9,322.81,363.80,94.21,6.99" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ansvaret for undersåttenes helse 1603-1850</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Moseng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Universitetsforlaget</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,373.77,239.09,6.99;9,322.81,383.75,227.14,6.99;9,322.81,393.73,160.86,6.99" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Foraging strategies as a function of season and rank among wild female chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Eberly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Pusey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1020" to="1028" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,403.65,239.07,6.99;9,322.81,413.63,35.67,6.99" xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Mat, menneske og evolusjon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Mysterud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Gyldendal akademisk</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,423.61,239.11,6.99;9,322.81,433.53,88.20,6.99" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The climate of Atndalen</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Nordli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Grimenes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hydrobiologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">521</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,443.51,239.17,6.99;9,322.81,453.48,227.21,6.99;9,322.81,463.46,227.12,6.99" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Spring-summer temperature reconstruction in western Norway 1734-2003: a datasynthesis approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">Ø</forename><surname>Nordli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ø</forename><surname>Lie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nesje</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Dahl</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Climatology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1821" to="1841" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,473.38,239.15,6.99;9,322.81,483.36,117.33,6.99" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ganens makt: norsk kokkekunst og matkultur gjennom tusen år</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Notaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Aschehoug</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,493.34,239.10,6.99;9,322.81,503.32,227.12,6.99;9,322.81,513.24,153.02,6.99" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of supplemental food on snowshoe hare reproduction and juvenile growth at a cyclic population peak</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Odonoghue</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Krebs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Animal Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="631" to="641" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,523.22,239.12,6.99;9,322.81,533.19,227.12,6.99;9,322.81,543.17,169.48,6.99" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Natural selection on female life-history traits in relation to socio-economic class in preindustrial human populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Pettay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Helle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jokela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Lummaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PloS ONE</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">606</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,553.09,239.08,6.99;9,322.81,563.07,227.16,6.99;9,322.81,573.05,227.22,6.99;9,322.81,582.97,31.01,6.99" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prenatal growth and subsequent marital status: longitudinal study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">I W</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Handelsman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Eriksson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Forsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Osmond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J P</forename><surname>Barker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Medical Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">322</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">771</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,592.95,220.50,6.99" xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Life history evolution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Roff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Sinauer</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Sunderland, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,602.93,239.08,6.99;9,322.81,612.90,227.15,6.99;9,322.81,622.82,227.12,6.99;9,322.81,632.80,30.56,6.99" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reproductive success in relation to resource-access and parental age in a small Norwegian farming parish during the period 1700-1900</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Røskaft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Wara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Å</forename><surname>Viken</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="443" to="461" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,642.78,239.09,6.99;9,322.82,652.76,227.14,6.99;9,322.82,662.68,215.22,6.99" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The rarity of twins: a result of an evolutionary battle between mothers and daughters-or do they agree?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Skjaervø</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Stokke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Røskaft</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1133" to="1140" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,672.66,239.07,6.99;9,322.82,682.63,193.02,6.99" xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Folkevekst og flytting: En historisk-demografisk studie i 1700-årenes Øst-Norge</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sogner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Universitetsforlaget</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,692.56,239.16,6.99;9,322.82,702.53,93.41,6.99" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Life-history tactics: a review of the ideas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stearns</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Review of Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="9,310.85,712.51,239.15,6.99;9,322.82,722.49,54.12,6.99" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The evolution of life histories</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Stearns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,44.05,64.91,239.12,6.99;10,56.01,74.89,101.94,6.99" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The evolutionary ecology of despotism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Summers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="106" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,44.05,84.87,239.14,6.99;10,56.01,94.84,153.64,6.99" xml:id="b63">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Studier i norsk historie 1537-1800</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Supphellen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kjelland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Imsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Universitetsforlaget</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,44.05,104.77,239.17,6.99;10,56.01,114.74,227.18,6.99;10,56.01,124.72,53.24,6.99" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Parental investment and sexual selection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Trivers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>B. Campbell</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<biblScope unit="page">1871</biblScope>
			<pubPlace>Aldine; Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Sexual selection and the descent of man</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,44.05,134.70,239.21,6.99;10,56.01,144.62,227.20,6.99;10,56.01,154.60,53.46,6.99" xml:id="b65">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Korn-og baketradisjoner: kornets og bakingens kulturhistorie i Norge: tradisjonsoppskrifter fra hele landet</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ulltveit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Damm</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oslo, Norway</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,307.11,64.91,239.11,6.99;10,319.01,74.89,227.23,6.99;10,319.01,84.86,168.49,6.99" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rank differences in energy intake rates in white-faced capuchin monkeys, Cebus capucinus: the effects of contest competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Vogel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="333" to="344" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,307.11,94.84,239.13,6.99;10,319.01,104.76,124.39,6.99" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evolutionary ecology of human reproduction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Voland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Anthropology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="374" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,307.11,114.74,239.07,6.99;10,319.01,124.72,227.18,6.99;10,319.01,134.70,38.57,6.99" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of food availability and density on red squirrel (Sciurus vulgaris) reproduction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wauters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ecology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2460" to="2469" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,307.11,144.62,239.09,6.99;10,319.01,154.60,215.79,6.99" xml:id="b69">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">McCance and Widdowson&apos;s The composition of foods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Widdowson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mccance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Royal Society of Chemistry</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
