<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Why Do You Make Us Feel Good? Correlates and Interpersonal Consequences of Affective Presence in Speed-dating</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Raul</forename><surname>Berrios</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Sheffield</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Sheffield</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Totterdell</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Sheffield</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Sheffield</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Karen</forename><surname>Niven</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Manchester</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Manchester</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Why Do You Make Us Feel Good? Correlates and Interpersonal Consequences of Affective Presence in Speed-dating</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:56+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>affect</term>
					<term>romantic interaction</term>
					<term>individual differences</term>
					<term>relationships</term>
					<term>attraction</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Recent research indicates that people consistently make others feel a certain way (e.g. happy or stressed). This individual difference has been termed affective presence, but little is known about its correlates or consequences. The present study investigated the following: (i) whether affective presence influences others' romantic interest in a person and (ii) what types of people have positive and negative affective presence. Forty volunteers took part in a speed-dating event, during which they dated six or seven opposite-sex partners. A Social Relations Model analysis confirmed that individuals prompted consistent positive emotional reactions in others. Participants were more likely to want to see dates with greater positive affective presence again in the future, and positive affective presence explained the effects of perceived responsiveness on romantic interest. Associations between positive affective presence and trait predictors, including emotion regulation, emotional expressiveness, attachment style, agreeableness and extraversion, were also observed. The findings indicate that what emotionally distinguishes one individual from another lies in part in the emotional consequences of their behaviours on others.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Describing someone's personality using terms that pertain to the emotions that the person typically expresses is commonplace. For example, we might refer to someone we know as a happy, relaxed or miserable person. But do we consistently elicit particular emotions in other people? Personality psychologists increasingly believe that 'personality (how people are) is inseparably interwoven with social relationships (who people are with)' <ref type="bibr" coords="1,111.63,527.26,142.07,8.80">(Back, Baumert, et al., 2011, p. 90)</ref>, and a recent study suggested that a meaningful amount of variation in how people feel can be attributed to their interaction partner <ref type="bibr" coords="1,57.66,563.26,128.13,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref>. The idea that people have a stable affective presence when interacting with different people suggests that the emotional consequences of our behaviour on others contribute to make us unique, providing new research avenues to study how personality impacts relationships. In the present study, we investigated whether affective presence influences other people's interest towards a person in a romantic context (a speed-dating event). We also explored personality correlates of affective presence to provide insight into characteristics that predict the emotions that people elicit in others.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Affective presence</head><p>Affective states, such as emotions and moods, are typically conceptualized as short-term states that fluctuate over time <ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.29,461.27,55.00,8.80" target="#b22">(Frijda, 1993)</ref>. However, results from in-situ diary studies that have sampled these fluctuations suggest that there is a trait component to affect (e.g. being generally cheerful or miserable), such that at least some of the variance in people's day-to-day affect is explained by their personality (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.29,521.31,49.68,8.80" target="#b18">Fisher, 2000)</ref>. To date, most of the evidence on intra-individual stability in affect has focused on the consistency of individuals' own affective states, with evidence suggesting that the affect people experience tends to be relatively stable over time <ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.29,569.27,105.60,8.80" target="#b64">(Watson &amp; Walker, 1996)</ref>. However, in recent years, there has been increasing attention paid to the social aspects of emotion, and the idea that people can elicit emotional reactions in others <ref type="bibr" coords="1,365.90,605.27,99.25,8.80" target="#b27">(Hareli &amp; Rafaeli, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,468.00,605.27,79.27,8.80;1,305.30,617.29,69.82,8.80" target="#b29">Hatfield, Cacioppo, &amp; Rapson, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,378.24,617.29,67.97,8.80" target="#b54">Parkinson, 1996)</ref>. From the standpoint of individual differences in affect, this raises the question of whether there may be stable individual differences in the emotions that people elicit in others, referred to herein as affective presence <ref type="bibr" coords="1,384.21,665.31,129.53,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref>, which are independent of people's own experienced emotions. The idea that people might leave a consistent emotional footprint on the various others they interact with derives from several theoretical perspectives, including informational models of emotion <ref type="bibr" coords="1,385.05,725.29,59.53,8.80" target="#b20">(Forgas, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,447.67,725.29,99.52,8.80" target="#b58">Schwarz &amp; Clore, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.30,737.31,69.23,8.80" target="#b63">Van Kleef, 2009)</ref>, and theories that emotions are reciprocal and possess communicational influence between people <ref type="bibr" coords="1,305.30,761.29,100.20,8.80" target="#b34">(Keltner &amp; Haidt, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,409.09,761.29,114.63,8.80" target="#b52">Niedenthal &amp; Brauer, 2012)</ref>. The idea also shares similarities with <ref type="bibr" coords="2,189.48,65.38,57.95,8.80" target="#b7">Buss's (1987)</ref> notion of evocation, according to which others' behaviour can be consistently elicited by some individuals.</p><p>Despite clear theoretical grounding, only one empirical study to date has provided evidence of affective presence. The study, by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,113.44,125.36,132.83,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein (2010)</ref>, involved Master of Business Administration students who were organized into small groups of four to five people. At the end of a month in which every group worked together on a project and socialized regularly, participants evaluated how much they felt eight affective states during their interactions with each of the rest of the members of their work group. Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's findings showed that over and above trait affect and any emotion contagion effects, some people consistently elicited the same positive or negative emotions in others. Affective presence explained 23% of the variance in other people's negative feelings and 10% of the variance in other people's positive feelings <ref type="bibr" coords="2,150.18,269.36,119.75,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,62.02,281.38,131.12,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's (2010)</ref> study served to establish the construct of affective presence and has opened up some interesting research questions that could contribute towards recent efforts to integrate personality and social relationships into a unified framework <ref type="bibr" coords="2,260.62,329.40,29.42,8.80;2,48.02,341.36,123.70,8.80" target="#b25">Graber, Laurenceau, &amp; Carver, 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,177.34,341.36,112.66,8.80;2,48.02,353.38,22.32,8.80" target="#b55">Reis, Capobianco, &amp; Tsai, 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,72.46,353.38,119.04,8.80" target="#b67">Zayas, Shoda, &amp; Ayduk, 2002)</ref>. One question of interest regards the interpersonal consequences of affective presence particularly whether affective presence can facilitate or inhibit the development of new relationships, for example, in romantic contexts. Another question concerns which types of personality characteristics might explain whether a person has a positive or negative affective presence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The present study</head><p>The aims of the present study were threefold. Our first aim was to investigate whether affective presence influences romantic interest during a speed-dating event. Many theoretical accounts of emotion assert that a primary function of emotion is to regulate interpersonal distance (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,219.01,521.37,66.78,8.80" target="#b54">Parkinson, 1996)</ref>. As such, a likely key function of affective presence will be its involvement in the initiation and development of relationships. Emotional expression is thought to boost attraction <ref type="bibr" coords="2,250.24,557.37,39.75,8.80;2,48.02,569.38,132.09,8.80" target="#b32">(Kashdan, Volkmann, Breen, &amp; Han, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,183.52,569.38,84.67,8.80" target="#b62">Tracy &amp; Beall, 2011)</ref>, and the pleasure experienced during an interpersonal encounter influences judgments about the desire for future interactions with the other person <ref type="bibr" coords="2,133.74,605.39,69.96,8.80" target="#b60">(Sunnafrank, 1986</ref>). Yet, we know little about whether affective presence influences romantic interest in new potential relationship partners.</p><p>According to the affect-as-information theory <ref type="bibr" coords="2,252.69,641.39,37.25,8.80;2,48.02,653.40,58.45,8.80" target="#b58">(Schwarz &amp; Clore, 1983)</ref>, people draw on the way they feel as a source of information about the value of the person with whom they are interacting. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,109.59,677.39,52.52,8.80" target="#b0">Ajzen (1974)</ref> further suggested that the affective value of the information provided by strangers predicts the levels of attraction felt by the people who meet them. Likewise, it is expected that interacting with a person who has a positive affective presence would elicit pleasant feelings leading to romantic interest, which will be expressed in the form of an intention to initiate a potential relationship, whereas a negative affective presence would produce the opposite effect. Some support for this proposition is provided by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,325.31,77.40,133.78,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's (2010)</ref> original study, in which they reported a relationship between affective presence and centrality in the social networks of their participants, indicating that those with more positive affective presence were more popular. However, network centrality provides only an indirect measure of attraction because a person might be friends with someone for a range of reasons other than liking. Consequently, we tested whether affective presence predicts romantic interest during dyadic interactions.</p><p>We further explored whether affective presence mediates the effects of a common predictor of interpersonal attraction, which is perceived responsiveness. Perceived responsiveness refers to individuals' perceptions that a relationship partner has attended to and reacted supportively to them <ref type="bibr" coords="2,507.18,233.37,47.80,8.80;2,313.00,245.39,70.16,8.80" target="#b56">(Reis, Clark &amp; Holmes, 2004)</ref> and has been consistently related to liking <ref type="bibr" coords="2,313.00,257.40,116.53,8.80" target="#b14">(Davis &amp; Perkowitz, 1979;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,435.23,257.40,93.91,8.80" target="#b47">Miller &amp; Berg, 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,534.84,257.40,20.08,8.80;2,313.00,269.37,197.99,8.80" target="#b57">Reis, Maniaci, Caprariello, Eastwick, &amp; Finkel, 2011)</ref>. Classical models, such as the affect-reinforcement model of attraction <ref type="bibr" coords="2,313.00,293.41,89.41,8.80" target="#b9">(Clore &amp; Byrne, 1974)</ref>, have suggested that affect is a mediator in the attraction process. Similarly, we further suggest that the personality characteristic of consistently eliciting positive affect in others may be prompted by the effect of responsiveness. Responsiveness provides the communicational features necessary to activate the partner's personal repertoire to make others feel good. Actually, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,512.68,365.41,42.37,8.80;2,313.00,377.37,68.19,8.80" target="#b14">Davis and Perkowitz (1979)</ref> argue that communication of affect is a key function of responsiveness that increases attraction. Consequently, responsiveness heightens perception of this personal repertoire deployment, which ultimately yields generalized affect in others and influences romantic interest. This assertion is in line with recent evidence, which indicates that mate choices can be influenced by personality characteristics <ref type="bibr" coords="2,529.29,449.36,25.69,8.80;2,313.00,461.38,218.85,8.80" target="#b3">(Back, Penke, Schmukle, Sachse, Borkenau &amp; Asendorpf, 2011)</ref>. As a consequence, we hypothesized that: H1: Affective presence will predict romantic interest during speed-dating, such that positive affective presence will be positively related to romantic interest and negative affective presence negatively related to romantic interest.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>H2</head><p>: Affective presence will mediate the association between perceived responsiveness and romantic interest.</p><p>Our second aim was to provide insight into the types of personality characteristics associated with positive and negative affective presence, by exploring a range of emotional skills and dispositions in relation to affective presence. In their original study, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,394.30,629.36,128.26,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein (2010)</ref> investigated links between the Big-5 personality traits and affective presence. Here, we extend this by exploring additional variables that we think are likely to be correlates of affective presence, in particular those that pertain to people's communication of emotions and the way that they approach interactions. We venture that affective presence is about the emotions that individuals elicit in others so it is likely to depend on an individual's ability to control and communicate emotions, and it is measured by the reaction of others so it is also likely to depend on how an individual manages interpersonal interactions.</p><p>Among the correlates of affective presence, we included variables relating to individual differences in how people typically feel (i.e. trait affect) and express (i.e. expressivity) emotions, their emotion abilities (i.e. emotional intelligence), their use of strategies to manage emotions (i.e. emotion regulation) and their emotional distance and anxiety when forming social relationships (i.e. adult attachment style). This set of potential correlates not only allows us to detect which types of people are most likely to have positive and negative affective presence, but also enables insight into whether affective presence arises more from relational, other-oriented characteristics and abilities (in which case, it should be associated more strongly with expressivity, other-oriented emotion abilities and regulatory strategies and attachment style) or from personal, self-related characteristics and abilities (in which case, it should be associated more strongly with trait affect and self-oriented emotion abilities and regulatory strategies). Our selection of correlates of affective presence as other-oriented and self-related draws upon models which also characterize the self either as representations of relational scripts or how the self is in relation with others (e.g. relational-schemas. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,177.23,317.38,65.57,8.80" target="#b4">Baldwin, 1992)</ref> or as a collection of knowledge and experiences that help us to organize and anticipate events via self-inference (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="3,249.45,341.36,32.79,8.80;3,40.25,353.38,21.49,8.80" target="#b41">Markus, 1977)</ref>. The full set of individual difference variables that we tested is shown in <ref type="figure" coords="3,130.23,365.40,32.61,8.80">Figure 1</ref>.</p><p>Our third aim was to evaluate the robustness of the affective presence phenomenon by using a methodological design that overcomes some of the limitations of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,223.20,401.40,59.09,8.80;3,40.25,413.37,73.59,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's (2010)</ref> study, and applying this phenomenon to a different social context. We expected that evidence for the existence of affective presence would be replicated by measuring for it immediately after brief romantic interactions (dates).</p><p>We addressed our three aims using a heterosexual speeddating event, whereby participants had a series of brief oneon-one dates with other attendees (fellow participants) in search of a potential romantic partner. This method, which has been used by other researchers <ref type="bibr" coords="3,461.71,113.40,85.48,8.80;3,305.29,125.36,21.43,8.80" target="#b16">(Finkel &amp; Eastwick, 2008)</ref>, provides several advantages in examining affective presence. Specifically, its use of discrete interactions allows the collection of concurrent measures of affective reactions while individuals interact with others, and its sequential dyadic nature helps to reduce the potential influence of confounding variables that can arise from observing individuals within a group. In addition, there is evidence to support the ecological validity of the speed-dating technique to assess interpersonal variables <ref type="bibr" coords="3,335.23,233.37,116.07,8.80" target="#b16">Finkel &amp; Eastwick, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,458.54,233.37,88.72,8.80;3,305.29,245.38,66.05,8.80" target="#b17">Finkel, Eastwick, &amp; Matthews, 2007)</ref>, like romantic interest.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHOD Participants</head><p>Forty students (20 women and 20 men, M age = 25.31 years; SD = 3.20 years) participated in the study in exchange for a small discount on a drink purchase and the opportunity to win vouchers worth £35 (approximately €41). Participants were recruited from a convenience sample and were allocated to the study on a first-come, first-served basis. The majority of the participants were native English speakers (62%) and postgraduate students (61%). No participant dropped out of the study but a few had sporadic missing data in the before-event questionnaire responses; so, our sample size varies across analyses for correlates of affective presence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Personality traits Emotional skills and dispositions</head><p>Emotion regulation strategies (Intrinsic-affect improving, Intrinsic-affect worsening, Extrinsic-affect improving and Extrinsicaffect worsening)</p><p>Emotional Intelligence (Self-emotion appraisal, Others-emotion appraisal, Use of emotion and Emotion regulation)</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Trait Affect (Positive affect and Negative affect)</head><p>Emotional Expressivity (Positive emotional expressivity, Negative emotional expressivity and Impulse strength)</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Affective Presence</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Chronic activation patterns of Attachment</head><p>(Discomfort with closeness, Discomfort with dependency and Anxiety)</p><p>Big-five factors (Extroversion,</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>After informed consent was obtained, participants received a set of online questionnaires a week prior to the speed-dating event. Once completed, participants were assigned to one of three different groups quasi-randomly, so that two groups had 14 participants and one group had 12 participants, with an equal number of men and women in each. The speeddating was organized on the premises of the University's bar to convey a comfortable space suitable for the romantic tone of the event. Participants were instructed to not drink alcohol for at least 5 hours before the event. On arrival, participants were given identification numbers to allow their dates to identify them on reports during the event. In each group, men were seated in one row and women in the opposite row separated by a table. Each date took 4 minutes and a signal to start and finish each date was sounded by research assistants in each group, who immediately after each date gave participants the questionnaire containing the affective presence measure, the perceived responsiveness scale and the romantic interest question. Thus, individuals had between six and seven dates during the event, depending on whether they belonged to a table with 12 or 14 participants. This produced a total of 134 dates and 268 observations in total. All participants' personal details were saved in a separate file to assure confidentiality, and participants were fully debriefed about the purpose of this research following the speed-dating event.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measures</head><p>Data were collected in three stages: in the days before the speed-dating event, after each date during the event and at the end of the event.</p><p>Stage 1: Pre-event questionnaire In the pre-event questionnaire, we measured a range of individual differences as potential correlates of affective presence.</p><p>Emotion regulation of self and others. Participants completed the Emotion Regulation of Others and Self scale <ref type="bibr" coords="4,48.02,569.38,196.59,8.80" target="#b53">(Niven, Totterdell, Stride, &amp; Holman, 2011)</ref> to assess individual differences in the use of emotion regulation behaviours. Each of 19 items asks the extent to which people usually use strategies to regulate both their own and other people's affect on a scale ranging from 1 (Not at all) to 5 (A great deal). The four factors assessed: Extrinsic Affect-improving (e.g. 'I gave someone helpful advice to try to improve how they felt'; M = 3.70, SD = 0.70, α = 0.84), Extrinsic Affect-worsening (e.g. 'I acted annoyed towards someone to try to make them feel worse'; M = 1.43, SD = 0.44, α = 0.57), Intrinsic Affect-improving (e.g. 'I laughed to try to improve how I felt'; M = 3.37, SD = 0.65, α = 0.72) and Intrinsic Affect-worsening (e.g. 'I expressed cynicism to try to make myself worse'; M =1.79, SD = 0.90, α = 0.91). This scale has demonstrated appropriate psychometric properties, including yielding to the fourfactor structure proposed, good correlations with existing measures of emotion-regulation strategies and convergence between self and peer reports <ref type="bibr" coords="4,434.04,77.40,77.16,8.80" target="#b53">(Niven et al., 2011)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Emotional intelligence. Participants completed an</head><p>Emotional Intelligence scale that measures four facets of emotional intelligence <ref type="bibr" coords="4,408.48,125.36,121.90,8.80" target="#b40">(Law, Wong, &amp; Song, 2004)</ref>. The scale requires participants to rate their agreement to a list of 16 statements on a 6-point Likert format-scale from 1 (Totally Disagree) to 6 (Totally Agree). The measure is composed of the following four dimensions: Self-emotions Appraisal Emotional expressivity. Participants also completed an emotional expressivity scale to assess behavioural emotional impulses <ref type="bibr" coords="4,350.53,305.30,91.87,8.80" target="#b26">(Gross and John (1997)</ref>. This 16 item questionnaire uses a scale ranging from 1 (Strongly disagree) to 7 (Strongly Agree) to measure three facets of expressivity: The degree to which emotional tendencies are expressed behaviourally as Positive Expressivity (e.g. 'When I'm happy my feelings show'; M = 5.33, SD = 1.32, α = 0.89), Negative Expressivity (e.g. 'It is difficult for me to hide my fear'; M = 4.13, SD = 0.73, α = 0.78) and the strength of emotional response tendencies or Impulse Strength (e.g. 'I have strong emotions'; M = 4.22, SD = 1.47, α = 0.89). These three facets have been shown to have associations with pertinent emotion scales and a robust relationship between self-reports and peer-rated reports.</p><p>Trait affect. Participants completed a short measure of trait affect <ref type="bibr" coords="4,340.05,485.25,74.50,8.80" target="#b61">(Thompson, 2007)</ref>, which measures people's broad tendency to experience positive and negative mood. Participants are required to rate the extent to which they generally feel five Positive Trait Affect adjectives (e.g. Inspired; M = 3.44, SD = 0.58, α = 0.78) and five Negative Trait Affect adjectives (e.g. Upset; M = 2.00, SD = 0.49, α = 0.66) on a 5-point Likert format-scale from 1 (Never) to 5 (Always). This scale has previously demonstrated excellent test-retest reliability, satisfactory correlation with the positive and negative affect schedule <ref type="bibr" coords="4,480.36,593.25,74.60,8.80;4,313.00,605.27,58.72,8.80" target="#b65">(Watson, Clark, &amp; Tellegen, 1988</ref>) and stability over time <ref type="bibr" coords="4,472.71,605.27,72.80,8.80" target="#b61">(Thompson, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Adult attachment style. Finally, chronic patterns of interaction were measured by including the adult attachment scale <ref type="bibr" coords="4,337.10,653.17,59.60,8.80" target="#b10">(Collins, 1996)</ref>. Participants were instructed to think about current or previous relationships and respond in terms of how they generally feel in these relationships on a scale ranging from 1 (Not at all characteristic of me) to 5 (Very characteristic of me). This 18 item measure contains three subscales (each with six items) that measure: (i) the extent to which a person is uncomfortable with closeness and intimacy, that is, Discomfort with Closeness (e.g. 'I am somewhat uncomfortable being close to others'; M = 2.59, SD = 0.37, α = 0.75); (ii) the extent to which individuals are uncomfortable depending on others, that is, Discomfort with Dependency (e.g. 'I find it difficult to allow myself to depend on others'; M = 2.71, SD = 0.38, α = 0.72) and (iii) the extent to which someone is afraid about being rejected or abandoned by others, that is, Anxiety (e.g. 'I often worry that romantic partners don't really love me'; M = 2.65, SD = 0.93, α = 0.86). Previous studies have shown that the three subscales consistently relate to their expected emotional and behavioural response patterns <ref type="bibr" coords="5,158.75,161.36,57.46,8.80" target="#b10">(Collins, 1996)</ref>.</p><p>Stage 2: In situ speed-date measures Participants completed a number of measures immediately after each date during the speed-dating event.</p><p>Affective presence. Participants reported the emotional experience that they felt with their recent partner for eight different emotions (enthusiastic, happy, angry, bored, stressed, relaxed, calm and sad) on a scale ranging from 1 (Not at all) to 5 (A great deal). These emotions were the same as those used by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,140.72,293.40,129.30,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref> to measure affective presence. Following Eisenkraft and Elfenbein, we created two mean scale scores by reverse scoring bored to compute a dimension of positive affect that also included enthusiastic and happy (α = 0.81), and by reverse scoring calm and relaxed to compute a dimension of negative affect that also included stressed (α = 0.60). Angry and sad were excluded from the model because the response patterns for these emotions were invariant due to low endorsement of the items. Previous structural equation modelling analysis using this measure confirmed that the two factors defined by positive affect and negative affect provided a better fit to the data than a single global factor of positivity-negativity <ref type="bibr" coords="5,136.58,449.42,122.97,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref>. The presentation order of the emotion adjectives was randomized.</p><p>Perceived responsiveness. Participants also completed a short version of the perceived responsiveness scale <ref type="bibr" coords="5,261.42,497.38,20.80,8.80;5,40.25,509.34,50.09,8.80" target="#b57">(Reis et al., 2011)</ref> after each date, which evaluated the extent to which they perceived responsiveness from their partners. They answered four items concerning the extent to which their last date was attentive to them and reacted supportively to them (e.g. '…listened to me'; M = 4.42, SD = 1.42, α = 0.94), on a response scale ranging from 1 (Not at all true) to 7 (Completely true). The order of presentation of these items was randomized, as was the order of presentation of the affective presence and perceived responsiveness scales.</p><p>Romantic interest. Finally, a unique question asking whether participants would like to see each of their partners again was employed as a measure of romantic interest, in a dichotomous response scale (i.e. yes/no). Participants were told that a positive answer to this question would mean that their contact details would be passed on to dates who indicated a mutual liking.</p><p>Stage 3: End-of-event questionnaire At the end of the event, participants completed a Big-5 personality measure using the 10-item Personality Inventory <ref type="bibr" coords="5,305.29,65.38,146.10,8.80" target="#b24">(Gosling, Rentfrow, &amp; Swann, 2003)</ref>, which has shown high reliability and convergent validity with other Big-5 measures <ref type="bibr" coords="5,305.29,89.36,89.58,8.80" target="#b24">(Gosling et al., 2003)</ref>. Items assessing the dimensions of Agreeableness (M = 4.25, SD = 1.09), Conscientiousness (M = 4.45, SD = 1.96), Extraversion (M = 4.66, SD = 1.15), Emotional Stability (M = 4.41, SD = 1.28) and Openness to Experience (M = 4.77, SD = 1.01) were responded by using a scale from 1 ('Disagree strongly') to 7 ('Agree strongly').</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data analysis strategy</head><p>Analysis of affective presence was conducted using the social relations model (SRM; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,415.79,209.38,54.45,8.80" target="#b35">Kenny, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,472.88,209.38,74.36,8.80;5,305.29,221.40,21.43,8.80" target="#b36">Kenny &amp; La Voie, 1984)</ref>. According to the SRM, emotions in dyadic interactions can be explained by three different sources of variability (plus error): the actor effect (the individual tendency to experience particular emotions, akin to trait affect), the partner effect (the individual tendency to be seen by others systematically in a certain way) and the relationship effect (the unique effect between two individuals). Affective presence is therefore a partner effect because it is the emotional experience elicited in others (i.e. how others tend to feel with an individual).</p><p>Multilevel modelling was employed to analyze the data because the speed-dating design meant that observations were non-independent due to the dyadic nature of the design. Thus, it is possible to distinguish three units of analysis: individuals (both as someone who rates or is rated by others; i.e. actor and partner), dyads and groups (in this case, the groups that we divided participants into), which give rise to a cross-classified data structure. The data analysis strategy included three stages. In the first stage, we estimated the SRM actor, partner and relationship variance without predictors using a random intercepts for actor, partner, dyad and group <ref type="bibr" coords="5,305.29,473.40,84.16,8.80" target="#b37">(Kenny &amp; Livi, 2009</ref>). This procedure allowed us to determine the extent to which individuals differed in affective presence, and to establish whether these variations were significant across the whole sample <ref type="bibr" coords="5,443.51,509.40,103.77,8.80;5,305.29,521.36,21.43,8.80" target="#b38">(Kenny, Kashy, &amp; Cook, 2006)</ref>. For these analyses, we examined variance in each of the distinct emotion states we studied, as well as in mean positive affect and negative affect.</p><p>In the second stage, predictors of affective presence were estimated, this time focusing on mean positive and negative affective presence. To do so, it is important to consider that the data resulting from the speed-dating event were crossclassified because across dyads individuals were nested in multiple instances of interaction <ref type="bibr" coords="5,438.75,617.40,104.21,8.80" target="#b59">(Snijders &amp; Kenny, 1999)</ref>. Therefore, values of affective presence were firstly centred to group members' scores to control for differences between groups. This operation was repeated for perceived responsiveness. Individual differences variables were then introduced to the main dataset. Each case included the values of these variables for the partner, as well as for the actor, so that actor and partner effects could be addressed. For subsequent analysis, we kept the associations with the partner effects of each one. The individual difference variables were used one at a time to predict the affective presence scores, using random intercepts for actor, partner and dyad to address the cross-classified multilevel structure of the data. Disregard for this structure can lead to a greater probability of Type I errors and underestimate the standard error of fixed effects <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.02,269.36,109.59,8.80" target="#b45">(Meyers &amp; Beretvas, 2006)</ref>. Hence, all fixed effects for the predictors of affective presence corresponded to estimations at the individual-level of analysis.</p><p>Finally, in the third stage, we performed a mediation analysis to establish whether the effect of perceived responsiveness on romantic interest was mediated by affective presence. Because the cross-classified structure of the dyadic data imposes some constraints on using contemporary meditational analysis techniques, we followed Baron and Kenny's steps for mediation analysis <ref type="bibr" coords="6,213.90,377.36,76.05,8.80;6,48.02,389.38,22.70,8.80" target="#b5">(Baron &amp; Kenny, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,75.46,389.38,91.34,8.80" target="#b30">Judd &amp; Kenny, 1981)</ref>. We used generalized linear mixed models (GLMM) because romantic interest is a dichotomous variable, but using random intercepts for actor, partner, dyad and group to address the cross-classified multilevel structure of the data.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Affective presence</head><p>To investigate affective presence, we first explored the consistency in partners' reports about how they felt after their dates. We found that partners' responses were correlated for positive affect, ICC (265) = 0.58, p &lt; 0.01 and for negative affect, ICC (265) = 0.33, p &lt; 0.01. This means that the affect scores within each dyad were related, for both positive affect and negative affect, which justifies the use of the SRM. The speed-dating event used only opposite gender dates so the dyad members could be distinguished from one another by gender, which has implications for the SRM model used <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.02,644.39,83.00,8.80" target="#b38">(Kenny et al., 2006)</ref>. Analyses demonstrated that a model based on undistinguishable dyads provided a better model fit compared with a distinguishable model, both for positive affect, ΔAIC = 7.0 and negative affect, ΔAIC = 7.4. 1 This indicated that it was legitimate to pool results from men and women, which means that the asymmetric design can be considered for data analysis purposes as a symmetric block design <ref type="bibr" coords="6,77.33,728.40,102.97,8.80" target="#b39">(Lashley &amp; Kenny, 1998)</ref>. This gives approximately 80% statistical power for a partner effect estimate of 0.3 with three groups when N = 12 <ref type="bibr" coords="6,416.13,257.40,99.34,8.80" target="#b39">(Lashley &amp; Kenny, 1998)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="6,327.01,269.36,31.70,8.80" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> shows the SRM variance partitioning both for positive affect and negative affect and for the discrete emotions that comprise these dimensions. The percentages in this table represent the intraclass correlation coefficient for actor effects, partner effects, relationship effects and error variance. Actor effects explained 30% of the variance in participants' positive affect, indicating that a significant amount of variance in people's positive affect after each date was explained by their own affective disposition, ICC = 30%, Wald Z = 3.38, p &lt; 0.01. For negative affect, 37% of variance was explained by actor effects, ICC = 37%, Wald Z = 3.53, p &lt; .01.</p><p>The partner effects shown in the affective presence column in <ref type="table" coords="6,324.00,425.38,30.57,8.80" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> describe the degree of consensus in the emotions that individuals elicited in others. A high percentage suggests that, across the sample, individuals elicited the same emotional experience in their partners. The results show that affective presence explained 15% of the variance in other people's positive affect, Wald Z = 2.67, p &lt; 0.01. Moreover, affective presence variance for all discrete positive emotions exhibited significant results, explaining on average 13% of the variation in individuals' positive emotions. Variance in participants' boredom, in particular, was well-explained by affective presence, ICC = 18%, Wald Z = 2.64, p &lt; 0.01. However, affective presence was not significant for negative affect, explaining less than 1% of the variance. Similarly, none of the discrete negative emotion variables showed significant partner effects. Negative affective presence was therefore excluded from subsequent analyses because it did not show significant results for partner variance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Interpersonal consequences of affective presence</head><p>Does affective presence predict romantic interest? A GLMM analysis-using a logit link function-for the effect of positive affective presence upon romantic interest (as indicated by the partner's desire to see the person again) demonstrated that positive affective presence was significantly associated with the partner's romantic interest, b = 1.15, p &lt; 0.01, with an effect estimated to lie between 0.73 and 2.30. In other words, one unit increase in positive affective presence results in about a 29% increase in the probability to receive a 'yes' Note: N = 268 observations. Affective experience ratings were made on a scale ranging from 1, not at all, to 5, a great deal. *p &lt; 0.05. **p &lt; 0.01.</p><p>after each date. The variance explained by fixed factor was equal to R 2 GLMM(m) = 0.22, and the variance explained by the entire model (fixed and random effect) was equal to R 2 GLMM (c) = 0.65, reflecting that much of the data variability exists in random effects <ref type="bibr" coords="7,117.87,317.32,131.36,8.80" target="#b51">(Nakagawa &amp; Schielzeth, 2013)</ref>, which means that other variables, beyond positive affective presence, may also exert significant influence over romantic interest during dyadic interactions.</p><p>There was also evidence that positive affective presence mediated the relationship between perceived responsiveness and romantic interest. Linear mixed model analysis revealed that perceived responsiveness predicted positive affective presence, b = 0.47, t(224) = 16.70, p &lt; 0.01. Moreover, GLMM showed that perceived responsiveness was significantly associated to romantic interest, b = 0.90, p &lt; 0.01, with a direct effect estimated to lie between 0.56 and 1.24; R 2 GLMM(m) = 0.09; R 2 GLMM(c) = 0.59. When positive affective presence was included in the later model, the effect of perceived responsiveness was no longer significant, b = 0.33 (SE = 0.23), p = 0.16, while positive affective presence predicted romantic interest, b = 1.52 (SE = 0.40), p &lt; 0.01; R 2 GLMM(m) = 0.10; R 2 GLMM(c) = 0.61 (see <ref type="figure" coords="7,192.98,521.31,35.32,8.80">Figure 2)</ref>. A Sobel test confirmed that positive affective presence significantly mediated the effect of perceived responsiveness on romantic interest, z´= 3.69 (0.19), p &lt; 0.01. Together these results support hypotheses 1 and 2. However, it is important to mention that because the partner effect was found significant only for positive affective presence, these results were only supported with respect to positive affective presence and not for negative affective presence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Correlates of affective presence</head><p>An exploratory analysis investigated the correlates of positive affective presence. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,150.63,681.12,3.75,5.87">2</ref> The results are summarized in <ref type="table" coords="7,40.25,695.41,29.94,8.80" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>. No significant differences were found for positive affective presence by study level (i.e. postgraduate vs undergraduate students), language (i.e. native English speakers vs non-native English speakers) or gender. However, some predictors (e.g. emotional expressivity) showed significant differences for gender, so analysis controlled for gender when this applied.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Emotion skills and dispositions</head><p>The first group of predictor variables corresponds to individual differences in emotion skills and emotion dispositions. Of the variables relating to use of emotion regulation strategies, only intrinsic affect-improving strategy use was significantly associated with positive affective presence, b = 0.27, t(38) = 2.24, p &lt; 0.05, suggesting that individuals who deliberately improve their own feelings were more likely to elicit positive emotions in their dates. Of the emotional intelligence factors, only the ability to perceive and understand others' emotions (others' emotion appraisal) was positively associated with positive affective presence, b = 0.24, t(38) = 2.20, p &lt; 0.05, such that individuals who were more skilled in this respect were more likely to elicit positive emotional reactions in their dates. Regarding emotional expressivity, only negative emotional expressivity was associated with positive affective presence, b = 0.18, t(38) = 2.22, p &lt; 0.05; individuals who easily disclose their negative emotions were more likely to elicit positive emotional reactions in their dates. Finally, neither positive  nor negative trait affects were significantly associated with positive affective presence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Attachment style and personality traits</head><p>The second group of variables tested as predictors of affective presence were individual differences in attachment style and personality traits. Chronic activation patterns measured by adult attachment dimensions showed that individuals high on discomfort with dependency exhibited less positive affective presence, b = À0.35, t(36) = À2.43, p &lt; 0.05. Conversely, individuals high in anxious attachment had higher positive affective presence, b = 0.21, t(37) = 2.80, p &lt; 0.01. Of the Big-5 personality factors, extraversion, b = 0.19, t(39) = 3.06, p &lt; 0.01 and agreeableness, b = 0.14, t(38) = 2.30, p &lt; 0.05, were associated with positive affective presence. Thus, individuals who self-reported as being more talkative or energetic, as well as those self-described as friendlier or socially-driven, tended to elicit more positive affect in others. The other measures of attachment and personality did not show significant associations with positive affective presence.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>Personality research has traditionally used differences between people's personal emotional experiences as a means of identifying individual differences in emotional temperament. In contrast, the present study has examined whether differences in the emotions that people consistently elicit in others-known as affective presence-is an alternative and influential emotionrelated individual difference. This approach is consistent with recent calls to integrate personality and interpersonal relationships within a unified framework <ref type="bibr" coords="8,263.33,449.37,26.68,8.80;8,48.02,461.38,44.65,8.80" target="#b25">Graber et al., 2011)</ref> and with contemporary accounts about the informational properties of emotions <ref type="bibr" coords="8,161.47,473.40,56.33,8.80" target="#b20">(Forgas, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,220.31,473.40,69.65,8.80;8,48.02,485.37,22.08,8.80" target="#b58">Schwarz &amp; Clore, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,71.87,485.37,60.06,8.80" target="#b63">Van Kleef, 2009</ref>). In the present research, we pursued this approach by studying affective presence in the context of romantic interactions during a speed-dating event.</p><p>The research makes three main contributions to the understanding of affective presence. Firstly, building on prior work on emotion and attraction (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,202.22,545.40,87.73,8.80" target="#b32">Kashdan et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,48.02,557.37,105.02,8.80" target="#b44">Mehrabian &amp; Blum, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,155.45,557.37,73.33,8.80" target="#b60">Sunnafrank, 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,231.19,557.37,58.81,8.80;8,48.02,569.39,21.43,8.80" target="#b62">Tracy &amp; Beall, 2011)</ref>, our findings suggest that affective presence is an important predictor of romantic interest. In our study, the dates of people possessing greater positive affective presence were more likely to want to see them again. Thus, eliciting positive emotions in one's interaction partner may serve an important social function of promoting romantic attraction. The behavioral nature of our measure of romantic interest, in which people stated an interest in meeting another person again and were prepared to reveal their contact details to that person, adds weight to this claim. Participants in this study did not simply rate the likeability of each partner; instead, they expressed their intention to initiate a real relationship by acceding to reveal their personal details. It would be interesting to investigate whether affective presence influences the development as well as initiation of interpersonal relationships.</p><p>Affective presence was also shown to be a mediator in the relationship between the perceived responsiveness of a dating partner and romantic interest in that person. It seems, therefore, that being responsive instigates the experience of positive affect in others, and this experience is a proximal predictor of romantic interest under the condition that the emotional impact is generalized across multiple partners. It is interesting to speculate that this pathway could occur either because responsiveness influences the deployment of the personal repertoire necessary to elicit positive affect in others (i.e. by engaging in responsive interactions, people high in positive affective presence can deploy their personal resources to elicit positive affect in others) or because responsiveness heightens the perception of relevant affective characteristics in some partners, including the tendency to elicit consistently positive affect in others which assists in determining romantic interest.</p><p>Secondly, our findings provide insight into some of the personal characteristics that relate to having a positive affective presence. With respect to emotion skills and dispositions, we found that individuals who typically try to improve their own emotions and those who understand the emotional experience of others were more likely to consistently make others feel more positive emotions. Our findings indicate that people who consistently elicit positive emotions in others are not necessarily the same as those who experience more pleasant affect themselves. Interestingly, with respect to individuals' tendencies for emotional expression, only negative expressivity predicted positive affective presence. Though this result was surprising, previous research has shown that the expression of negative emotions during short interactions does not differ significantly from the expression of positive emotions in predicting perceived partner rapport, and in general, the expression of negative emotions lead to better perceived partner rapport and liking than suppressing such emotions <ref type="bibr" coords="8,443.68,461.38,77.56,8.80" target="#b8">(Butler et al., 2003)</ref>.</p><p>The utility of unpleasant emotions in developing interpersonal rapport also helps explain the positive relationship that was found between anxious attachment and positive affective presence. Anxiety has been associated with easier selfdisclosure <ref type="bibr" coords="8,359.04,521.37,132.46,8.80" target="#b33">(Keelan, Dion, &amp; Dion, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,497.43,521.37,57.54,8.80;8,313.00,533.39,67.53,8.80" target="#b46">Mikulincer &amp; Nachshon, 1991)</ref>, which in turn, can lead to more positive evaluations from others <ref type="bibr" coords="8,409.32,545.40,95.93,8.80" target="#b11">(Collins &amp; Miller, 1994)</ref>, so individuals high in anxious attachment may have been more selfdisclosing to elicit positive evaluations from partners and thereby avoid the threat of rejection.</p><p>Regarding personality traits, agreeableness and extraversion were positively associated with positive affective presence. Presumably, agreeable people engage easily in using considerate behaviours, and as a consequence, produce pleasant affective responses in others <ref type="bibr" coords="8,470.10,641.39,84.84,8.80;8,313.00,653.41,21.43,8.80" target="#b50">(Moskowitz &amp; Côté, 1995)</ref>. However, a positive relationship between extraversion and positive affective presence was unexpected, because <ref type="bibr" coords="8,313.00,677.39,128.32,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein (2010)</ref> found that extraversion was positively related with negative affective presence. The explanation may lie in the different nature of the interpersonal interactions in the two studies. In the present study, the participants chose to engage in a social event that was intended to be pleasurable; whereas in the earlier study, the participants were interacting in task-focused groups. Evidence from the behavioural concordance model <ref type="bibr" coords="8,520.10,761.41,34.86,8.80;9,40.25,65.38,74.07,8.80" target="#b12">(Côté &amp; Moskowitz, 1998)</ref> suggests that extraverts experience positive affect when they are involved in pleasant interactions. Accordingly, it is plausible that extraverts felt positive emotions because they were engaged in pleasant interactions during the speed-dating event and therefore elicited congruent pleasant emotions in others.</p><p>Overall, the evidence concerning the correlates of affective presence indicates that positive affective presence arises from other-oriented features of the self, emphasizing the interpersonal nature of this personality characteristic. The evidence presented here indicates that individual variables that enable people to understand others' emotions and express their own emotions relate with affective presence. However, a certain degree of personal emotional management-as demonstrated by the association between positive affective presence and the use of intrinsic emotion regulation strategies-also seems to be necessary in order to consistently elicit positive affect in others.</p><p>Thirdly, our study provided a constructive replication of affective presence. Affective presence has thus far only been demonstrated in a single study, conducted in a work context <ref type="bibr" coords="9,40.25,305.36,128.64,8.80" target="#b15">(Eisenkraft &amp; Elfenbein, 2010)</ref>. In the present study, we found evidence that people also consistently elicit positive emotion in others in a romantic context (speed-dating). Furthermore, we have addressed some limitations of the previous study. In their original study, Eisenkraft and Elfenbein studied affective presence by taking a single measure of affect to cover a month's worth of interactions. A limitation of this approach is that a range of other interpersonal or group processes not controlled for during this month could also have explained differences in the emotions reported by participants. In the present study, to address this issue, we studied a series of one-off dyadic interactions of a short duration (4 minutes), collecting measures of affect immediately after each interaction.</p><p>It is noteworthy that only positive affective presence was observed in the present study, whereas in <ref type="bibr" coords="9,222.52,485.37,59.73,8.80;9,40.25,497.39,74.52,8.80" target="#b15">Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's (2010)</ref> original study negative affective presence was actually found to explain more variance in other people's feelings. Several theoretical accounts support the idea that interpersonal situations are organized around two basic dimensions: affiliation (e.g. close and warm interactions) and social dominance (e.g. competence and commanding behaviours) <ref type="bibr" coords="9,94.22,569.39,74.12,8.80" target="#b6">(Benjamin, 1974;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,175.52,569.39,106.71,8.80;9,40.25,581.40,22.77,8.80" target="#b13">Cuddy, Fiske, &amp; Glick, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,66.90,581.40,61.46,8.80" target="#b66">Wiggins, 1979)</ref>. Previous research on social perception has demonstrated that warmth and competence are in general negatively related <ref type="bibr" coords="9,149.78,605.39,132.42,8.80;9,40.25,617.41,75.94,8.80" target="#b31">(Judd, James-Hawkins, Yzerbyt, &amp; Kashima, 2005)</ref> and can give rise to different emotional experiences <ref type="bibr" coords="9,90.54,629.37,142.48,8.80" target="#b19">(Fiske, Cuddy, Glick, &amp; Xu, 2002)</ref>. Therefore, it may be that interactions characterized by affiliation (e.g. romantic dating) may make indicators of positive affective presence more salient to individuals, whereas interactions characterized by task orientation (e.g. group projects) may make indicators of negative affective presence more salient. Individual differences in affective presence might therefore be best understood by using a person-situation personality profile involving coherent behavioural patterns in response to similar situations <ref type="bibr" coords="9,109.42,737.37,61.96,8.80" target="#b48">(Mischel, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,173.94,737.37,95.03,8.80" target="#b49">Mischel &amp; Shoda, 1995)</ref>.</p><p>In addition to contributions regarding affective presence, the study presented in this paper also contributes more broadly to understand the relationship between emotion and personality. Our results demonstrated that affective presence was not related to trait positive or negative affect. Thus, beyond individual tendencies to experience positive and negative affect in general, there also exists an individual difference that lies in the emotional experiences elicited in others. The phenomenon of affective presence emphasizes that individual dispositions that create invariances in others' behavior may be considered within the construct of emotion personality. Consistency of personal behaviours has been considered as a key criteria for identifying individual differences <ref type="bibr" coords="9,330.69,197.37,71.95,8.80" target="#b42">(McAdams, 1997)</ref>. Individual differences in affective presence further this notion by indicating that consistency in others' affective reactions to a person may designate an individual difference. Moreover, affective presence can be distinguished from previous attempts to identify intraindividual patterns using personality judgments (e.g. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,476.29,257.41,54.47,8.80" target="#b23">Funder, 1995)</ref>. In the judgment approach, the extent to which informants agree about someone's personality traits is usually seen as evidence of consistency of personality characteristics <ref type="bibr" coords="9,475.67,293.41,71.58,8.80;9,305.29,305.37,20.68,8.80" target="#b43">(McCrae &amp; Costa, 1987)</ref>. However, affective presence refers to the effects of an individual upon others' emotional experience, which does not have to correspond to the individual's own characteristic emotional experience or to other people's judgment of that characteristic.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and future research</head><p>The design of the present study had a number of strengths, notably the speed-dating design in which we tested consistency in affective presence during a large number of interactions and the use of other-reported data (regarding participants' affective presence), which addresses concerns of common-method variance often associated with the use of self-reported data. Nevertheless, some limitations remain. Firstly, we focused on the distinction between positive and negative affective presence. Like most emotion-related concepts, the expression of affective presence probably has features beyond the simple positive/negative distinction proposed here. The fact that some particular affective presence reactions showed stronger effects than the corresponding actor effects (e.g. boredom) suggests that a closer look is necessary to understand the presence of particular emotions under different circumstances. For example, boredom could be a very salient affective presence reaction in romantic interactions, but might not have the same consequences in other domains.</p><p>A second limitation is the cross-sectional nature of the data collection after each date. Because each date was so short, it was only possible to collect data about affective presence, perceived responsiveness and romantic interest in the same questionnaire. This means that it is not possible to determine causality (e.g. does affective presence cause romantic interest or does romantic interest influence partners' affect during the date?), which is particularly salient for the mediation analysis, in which a causal chain is inferred. Future studies could therefore consider the potential for manipulating affective presence to enhance causal inference and explore the potential malleability of affective presence for intervention purposes.</p><p>Another limitation of the present study is its power. Although SRM analysis benefits from more observations per person, meaning that increasing the number of observations for the present study to 6-7 compared with the 3-4 observations per person observed in Eisenkraft and Elfenbein's study represents an improvement, our analysis is limited to just three groups of participants. Furthermore, our reported correlates of affective presence are associations at the individuallevel of analysis, and our sample of 40 participants represents a modest number of subjects to support conclusive evidence. Hence, these results need to be interpreted with caution.</p><p>A final limitation regards our lack of a measure of physical attractiveness. In our study, affective presence was shown to have an important role in the initiation of romantic relationships. However, physical attractiveness has pervasive effects on interpersonal attraction <ref type="bibr" coords="10,245.82,245.38,44.15,8.80;10,48.02,257.40,63.16,8.80" target="#b28">Hatfield &amp; Sprecher, 1986)</ref> and might have influenced romantic interest and potentially also the emotions elicited in others. Future studies should investigate how affective presence and physical attractiveness relate.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>The evidence for affective presence as a phenomenon demonstrates that some individual differences can be found outside the person. Notably, positive affective presence predicted whether a person would be sufficiently liked by others to obtain second dates, and mediated the relationships between a documented source of likeability (i.e. perceived responsiveness) and romantic interest. These results emphasize the importance of taking into account the role of affect when conducting research on interpersonal relationships. This role is likely to amount to more than just provision of an undifferentiated arousal pattern because affective presence appears to vary across emotions and setting. Aside from producing a replication of a new phenomenon, this study has also provided further evidence concerning the personality correlates of affective presence, which include aspects of trait emotion-regulation, emotion-understanding, emotional-expressiveness and attachment style, but may exclude trait affect. Ultimately, the study of affective presence raises the idea that what emotionally distinguishes one individual from another lies in part in the emotional consequences of their behaviours on others.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="4,355.41,184.46,199.55,10.00;4,313.00,196.48,241.96,10.00;4,313.00,209.32,241.95,8.80;4,313.00,220.46,241.96,10.00;4,313.00,232.48,241.99,10.00;4,313.00,244.44,241.95,10.00;4,313.00,256.46,186.33,10.00"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>(e.g. 'I really understand what I feel'; M = 4.49, SD = 0.67, α = 0.75), Others-emotions Appraisal (e.g. 'I am a good observer of others' emotions'; M = 4.44, SD = 0.82, α = 0.86), Use of Emotions (e.g. 'I always tell myself I am a competent person'; M = 4.33, SD = 0.89, α = 0.80) and Regulation of Emotion (e.g. 'I have good control of my own emotions'; M = 4.20, SD = 1.11, α = 0.89).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="7,40.25,214.84,242.05,7.04;7,40.25,223.86,242.08,7.04;7,40.25,232.82,159.55,7.04"><head>2 ChangeFigure 2 .</head><label>22</label><figDesc>based on the difference between the intercept only model (df. = 6) and the model with predictors. † p &lt; 0.10. *p &lt; 0.05. **p &lt; 0.01. ***p &lt; 0.001. Mediation analysis of the relationship between perceived responsiveness and romantic interest (measured as the desire to see the person again) as mediated by positive affective presence.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,48.02,64.06,506.98,146.65"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Social relations model of affective experience with speed dates</figDesc><table coords="6,48.02,84.52,506.98,126.18">Emotion 
M 
S D 

Actor variance 
(Trait affect) 

Partner variance 
(Affective presence) 

Relationship 
variance 
Error 

Positive affective presence 
Overall positive (α = 0.81) 
3.73 
0.84 
30%** 
15%** 
5% 
50% 
Enthusiastic 
3.21 
1.13 
32%** 
10%* 
4% 
54% 
Happy 
3.38 
1.02 
37%** 
8%* 
2% 
53% 
Bored (reverse coded) 
4.59 
0.75 
9%* 
18%** 
0% 
73% 
Negative affective presence 
Overall negative (α = 0.60) 
2.11 
0.66 
37%** 
0% 
1% 
62% 
Stressed 
1.30 
0.69 
29%** 
0% 
2%* 
69% 
Relaxed (reverse coded) 
2.43 
0.91 
31%** 
1% 
0% 
68% 
Calm (reverse coded) 
2.60 
1.02 
40%** 
1% 
0% 
59% 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,305.29,64.06,242.04,373.97"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="7,305.29,64.06,242.04,373.97">Associations between affective presence and individual 
difference variables 

Positive Affective Presence 

β 

Std. 
Error Χ 2 

Change 

Emotion Regulation of Others and Self 
42.25*** 
Extrinsic improving 
0.05 
0.11 
Extrinsic worsening 
À0.01 
0.16 
Intrinsic improving 
0.22* 0.12 
Intrinsic worsening 
À0.11 
0.08 
Emotional intelligence 
61.48*** 
Self-Emotions appraisal 
À0.18  † 0.12 
Others-Emotions appraisal 
0.23* 0.11 
Use of Emotion 
0.17  † 0.09 
Regulation of emotion 
0.12 
0.07 
Emotional Expressivity 
58.70*** 
Positive expressivity 
0.07 
0.07 
Negative expressivity 
0.27* 0.08 
Impulse strength 
0.05 
0.06 
Trait affect 
36.47*** 
Positive trait affect 
0.06 
0.15 
Negative trait affect 
À0.12 
0.18 
Adult Attachment 
64.05*** 
Discomfort with closeness 
À0.02 
0.15 
Discomfort with dependency 
À0.32* 0.14 
Anxiety 
0.24** 0.07 
Big Five factors 
15.81* 
Extraversion 
0.27** 0.06 
Agreeableness 
0.19* 0.06 
Conscientiousness 
0.12 
0.07 
Openness to experience 
0.03 
0.07 
Emotional Stability 
0.02 
0.06 
Perceived responsiveness 
0.77*** 0.03 178.18*** 

Note: N = 40 participants. Standardised estimators reported. χ 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">© 2013 The Authors. European Journal of Personality published by John Wiley &amp; Sons Ltd on behalf of European Association of Personality Psychology. Eur. J. Pers. 29: 72-82 (2015) DOI: 10.1002/per</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">Model estimation was repeated for each of the individual emotion adjectives yielding similar model fits.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2">For the sake of simplicity, only the associations between positive affective presence overall and the predictor variables are reported; nonetheless, the analysis of the individual emotion adjectives led to similar result patterns.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</head><p>This work was partly supported by the Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) UK (Grant number RES-060-25-0044: 'Emotion regulation of others and self [EROS]'). We thank Ron Heck for his help with the generalized models performed in this study.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Copyright of European Journal of Personality is the property of John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="10,48.02,742.05,241.92,7.92;10,56.98,752.03,233.01,7.92;10,56.98,762.06,129.08,7.92" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects of information on inerpersonal attraction: similarity versus affective value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Ajzen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="374" to="380" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,64.06,241.98,7.92;10,322.02,74.04,233.01,7.92;10,322.02,84.07,232.96,7.92;10,322.02,94.05,94.93,7.92" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From dating to mating and relating: predictors of initial and long-term outcomes of speed-dating in a community sample</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Asendorpf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Penke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Back</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,104.54,242.01,7.92;10,322.02,113.73,232.97,9.00;10,322.02,124.55,232.92,7.92;10,322.02,134.53,232.99,7.92;10,322.02,144.57,55.43,7.92" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">PERSOC: a unified framework for understanding the dynamic interplay of personality and social relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Back</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Baumert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J A</forename><surname>Denissen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hartung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Penke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Schmukle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="107" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,155.05,242.02,7.92;10,322.02,165.03,232.99,7.92;10,322.02,174.28,232.99,9.00;10,322.02,185.05,233.00,7.92" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why mate choices are not as reciprocal as we assume: the role of personality, flirting and physical attractiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Back</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Penke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Schmukle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sachse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Borkenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Asendorpf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="120" to="132" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,195.53,241.99,7.92;10,322.02,205.57,218.99,7.92" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relational schemas and the processing of social information</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Baldwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="461" to="484" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,216.06,241.96,7.92;10,322.01,226.04,232.97,7.92;10,322.01,236.07,232.98,7.92;10,322.01,246.05,154.22,7.92" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The moderator-mediator variable distinction in social psychological research: conceptual, strategic, and statistical considerations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Baron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1173" to="1182" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,256.54,242.01,7.92;10,322.01,266.57,141.78,7.92" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural analysis of social behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Benjamin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="392" to="425" />
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,277.06,241.96,7.92;10,322.01,287.04,201.58,7.92" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Selection, evocation, and manipulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1214" to="1221" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,297.53,242.10,7.92;10,322.01,307.56,232.98,7.92;10,322.01,317.54,123.03,7.92" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social consequences of expressive suppression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Egloff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wlhelm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Erickson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gross</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="48" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,328.03,241.99,7.92;10,322.01,338.07,232.98,7.92;10,322.01,348.04,175.33,7.92" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A reinforcement-affect model of attraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Byrne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Foundations of interpersonal attraction</title>
		<editor>T. L. Huston</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1974" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="170" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,358.53,241.99,7.92;10,322.01,368.57,232.98,7.92;10,322.02,378.53,145.24,7.92" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Working models of attachment: implications for explanation, emotion, and behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="810" to="832" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,389.02,241.98,7.92;10,322.02,399.06,228.74,7.92" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-disclosure and liking: a meta-analytic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">116</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="457" to="475" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,409.55,242.01,7.92;10,322.02,419.52,232.97,7.92;10,322.02,429.56,233.01,7.92;10,322.02,439.54,138.00,7.92" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the dynamic covariation between interpersonal behavior and affect: prediction from neuroticism, extraversion, and agreeableness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Côté</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1032" to="1046" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,450.03,241.97,7.92;10,322.02,460.06,232.97,7.92;10,322.02,470.04,233.08,7.92;10,322.02,480.07,86.01,7.92" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Warmth and competence as universal dimensions of social perception: the stereotype content model and the BIAS map</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J C</forename><surname>Cuddy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Fiske</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in experimental social psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="149" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,490.56,241.96,7.92;10,322.02,500.54,232.98,7.92;10,322.02,510.58,232.95,7.92;10,322.02,520.55,232.99,7.92;10,322.02,530.53,33.09,7.92" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Consequences of responsiveness in dyadic interaction: effects of probability of response and proportion of content-related responses on interpersonal attraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Perkowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="534" to="550" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,541.08,242.00,7.92;10,322.02,551.06,232.96,7.92;10,322.02,561.03,143.25,7.92" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The way you make me feel: evidence for individual differences in affective presence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Eisenkraft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Elfenbein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="505" to="510" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,571.58,241.96,7.92;10,322.02,581.56,193.14,7.92" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Speed-dating</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Finkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Eastwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="197" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,591.93,241.99,7.92;10,322.02,601.97,232.99,7.92;10,322.02,611.95,206.24,7.92" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Speed-dating as an invaluable tool for studying romantic attraction: a methodological primer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Finkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Eastwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Matthews</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="166" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,621.98,241.98,7.92;10,322.02,631.96,232.99,7.92;10,322.02,641.94,57.99,7.92" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mood and emotions while working: Missing pieces of job satisfaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="202" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,651.97,241.99,7.92;10,322.02,661.95,232.98,7.92;10,322.02,671.93,233.00,7.92;10,322.02,681.96,198.58,7.92" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A model of (often mixed) stereotype content: competence and warmth respectively follow from perceived status and competition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Fiske</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J C</forename><surname>Cuddy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Glick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">82</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="878" to="902" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,691.94,241.99,7.92;10,322.02,701.98,232.98,7.92" xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The role of emotion in social judgment -An introductory review and an Affect Infusion Model (AIM)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Forgas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,322.02,711.96,193.69,7.92" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,721.93,241.99,7.92;10,322.02,731.97,232.97,7.92;10,322.02,741.95,191.38,7.92" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Moods, emotion episodes, and emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Frijda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of emotions</title>
		<editor>M. Lewis, &amp; J. M. Haviland</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY, US</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="381" to="403" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,313.00,751.98,241.98,7.92;10,322.02,761.95,214.52,7.92" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the accuracy of personality judgment: a realistic approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Funder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="652" to="670" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,64.06,242.03,7.92;11,49.27,74.04,233.02,7.92;11,49.27,84.07,149.43,7.92" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A very brief measure of the Big-Five personality domains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Gosling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rentfrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Swann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Research in Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="504" to="528" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,94.05,242.02,7.92;11,49.27,104.03,233.02,7.92;11,49.27,114.06,233.02,7.92;11,49.27,124.04,112.03,7.92" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Integrating the dynamics of personality and close relationship processes: methodological and data analytic implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Graber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Laurenceau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Carver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1403" to="1439" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,134.02,242.11,7.92;11,49.27,144.06,232.99,7.92;11,49.27,154.03,222.44,7.92" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Revealing feelings: facets of emotional expressivity in self-reports, peer ratings, and behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="435" to="448" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,164.07,242.02,7.92;11,49.27,174.05,233.08,7.92;11,49.27,184.03,74.25,7.92" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotion cycles: on the social influence of emotion in organizations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hareli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rafaeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Organizational Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,194.06,242.03,7.92;11,49.27,204.04,223.60,7.92" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Mirror, mirror: the importance of looks in everyday life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hatfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sprecher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>SUNY Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY, USA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,214.07,242.02,7.92;11,49.26,224.05,233.01,7.92;11,49.26,234.03,103.58,7.92" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Emotional contagion: studies in emotion and social interaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hatfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cacioppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rapson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>France</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,244.06,241.98,7.92;11,49.26,254.04,232.99,7.92" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Process analysis: estimating mediation in treatment evaluations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Judd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evaluation Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="602" to="619" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,264.08,242.00,7.92;11,49.26,274.06,233.00,7.92;11,49.26,284.03,232.99,7.92;11,49.26,294.07,229.09,7.92" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fundamental dimensions of social judgment: understanding the relations between judgments of competence and warmth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Judd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>James-Hawkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Yzerbyt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Kashima</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="899" to="913" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,304.05,242.04,7.92;11,49.26,314.03,233.01,7.92;11,49.26,324.06,233.00,7.92;11,49.26,334.04,137.58,7.92" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social anxiety and romantic relationships: the costs and benefits of negative emotion expression are context-dependent</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kashdan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Volkmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Breen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Han</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Anxiety Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="475" to="492" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,344.07,242.00,7.92;11,49.26,354.05,232.98,7.92;11,49.26,364.03,233.03,7.92" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attachment style and relationship satisfaction: test of a self-disclosure explanation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P R</forename><surname>Keelan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Dion</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Dion</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Behavioural Sciencet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="24" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,374.07,242.02,7.92;11,49.26,384.04,208.39,7.92" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social functions of emotions at four levels of analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Keltner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Haidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition &amp; Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="505" to="521" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,394.08,241.98,7.92;11,49.26,404.06,165.77,7.92" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Interpersonal perception: a social relations analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY, US</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,414.04,242.02,7.92;11,49.26,424.06,212.48,7.92" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social relations model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Voie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in experimental social psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="142" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,434.04,242.03,7.92;11,49.27,444.07,232.99,7.92;11,49.27,454.05,43.19,7.92" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A componential analysis of leadership using the social relations model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Livi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Research in Multi Level Issues</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="147" to="191" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,464.03,242.02,7.92;11,49.27,474.06,165.77,7.92" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Dyadic data analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kashy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Guilford Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY, US</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,484.04,242.02,7.92;11,49.27,494.02,210.72,7.92" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Power estimation in social relations analyses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lashley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="328" to="338" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,504.06,242.03,7.92;11,49.26,514.03,233.01,7.92;11,49.26,524.07,233.02,7.92;11,49.26,534.05,33.72,7.92" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The construct and criterion validity of emotional intelligence and its potential utility for management studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Law</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="483" to="496" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,544.03,242.05,7.92;11,49.26,554.06,226.13,7.92" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-schemata and processing information about the self</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Markus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,564.04,242.02,7.92;11,49.26,574.07,233.01,7.92;11,49.26,584.05,232.97,7.92;11,49.26,594.03,76.31,7.92" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A conceptual history of personality psychology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mcadams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of personality psychology</title>
		<editor>R. Hogan, J. A. Johnson, &amp; S. R. Briggs</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>San Diego, CA, US</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<biblScope unit="page">987</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,603.27,242.03,9.00;11,49.26,614.04,233.02,7.92;11,49.26,624.08,179.97,7.92" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Validation of the five-factor model of personality across instruments and observers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mccrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,634.06,241.97,7.92;11,49.27,644.03,232.99,7.92;11,49.27,654.07,47.80,7.92" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Physical appearance, attractiveness, and the mediating role of emotions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mehrabian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Blum</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,664.05,242.01,7.92;11,49.27,674.08,232.98,7.92;11,49.27,684.06,116.10,7.92" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of inappropriate modeling of cross-classified data structures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Meyers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Beretvas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Multivariate Behavioral Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="473" to="497" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,694.04,242.03,7.92;11,49.27,704.07,233.02,7.92;11,49.27,714.05,104.08,7.92" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attachment styles and patterns of self-disclosure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mikulincer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Nachshon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="321" to="331" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,40.25,724.03,241.98,7.92;11,49.27,734.07,232.99,7.92;11,314.25,64.07,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,74.05,59.76,7.92" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Selectivity and urgency in interpersonal exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Berg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Communication, intimacy, and close relationships</title>
		<editor>V. J. Derlega</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Orlando, FL</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="206" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,84.08,241.99,7.92;11,314.25,94.06,146.80,7.92" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Toward an integrative science of the person</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Mischel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,104.03,241.95,7.92;11,314.25,114.06,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,124.04,233.04,7.92;11,314.25,134.02,93.13,7.92" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A cognitive-affective system theory of Personality: reconceptualizing situations, dispositions, dynamics, and invariance in personality structure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Mischel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Shoda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="246" to="268" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,144.05,241.98,7.92;11,314.25,154.03,232.98,7.92;11,314.25,164.07,145.24,7.92" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do interpersonal traits predict affect? A comparison of three models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moskowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Côté</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="915" to="924" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,174.05,241.95,7.92;11,314.25,184.02,232.99,7.92;11,314.25,194.06,211.51,7.92" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A general and simple method to obtain R2 from generalized linear mixed-effects models</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Nakagawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Schielzeth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Method in Ecology and Evolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="142" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,204.04,242.03,7.92;11,314.25,214.07,233.05,7.92;11,314.25,224.05,35.13,7.92" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social functionality of human emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Niedenthal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Brauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="259" to="285" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,234.03,241.99,7.92;11,314.25,244.06,233.06,7.92;11,314.25,254.04,233.01,7.92;11,314.25,264.08,90.56,7.92" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotion Regulation of Others and Self (EROS): the development and validation of a new individual difference measure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Niven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Totterdell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Stride</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Holman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="21" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,274.06,241.98,7.92;11,314.25,284.03,104.08,7.92" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emotions are social</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Parkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">87</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="663" to="683" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,294.07,242.00,7.92;11,314.25,304.05,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,314.03,33.78,7.92" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Finding the person in personal relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Capobianco</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="813" to="850" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,324.06,242.00,7.92;11,314.25,334.04,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,344.07,233.01,7.92;11,314.25,354.05,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,364.03,111.36,7.92" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceived partner responsiveness as an organizing construct in the study of intimacy and closeness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Handbook of closeness and intimacy</title>
		<editor>D. J. Mashek, &amp; A. Aron</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New Jersey</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum Associates</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="225" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,374.58,241.98,7.92;11,314.25,384.55,233.02,7.92;11,314.25,394.53,232.99,7.92;11,314.25,404.57,62.52,7.92" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Familiarity does indeed promote attraction in live interaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Maniaci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Caprariello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Eastwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Finkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="557" to="570" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,414.55,241.97,7.92;11,314.25,424.58,232.98,7.92;11,314.25,434.56,233.05,7.92;11,314.25,444.54,57.99,7.92" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mood, misattribution, and judgments of well-being: informative and directive functions of affective states</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Schwarz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Clore</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="513" to="523" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,454.57,241.98,7.92;11,314.25,464.55,233.01,7.92;11,314.25,474.59,76.81,7.92" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social relations model for family data: a multilevel approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A B</forename><surname>Snijders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personal Relationships</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="471" to="486" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,484.56,241.97,7.92;11,314.25,494.53,233.01,7.92;11,314.25,504.56,171.58,7.92" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predicted outcome value during initial interactions A reformulation of uncertainty reduction theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sunnafrank</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Communication Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="33" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,514.54,241.99,7.92;11,314.25,524.52,233.02,7.92;11,314.25,534.55,233.05,7.92;11,314.25,544.53,33.09,7.92" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development and validation of an internationally reliable short-form of the positive and negative affect schedule (PANAS)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="242" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,553.78,241.98,9.00;11,314.25,564.55,233.02,7.92;11,314.25,574.52,42.76,7.92" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Happy guys finish last: the impact of emotion expressions on sexual attraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Tracy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Beall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1379" to="1387" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,584.56,242.00,7.92;11,314.25,594.54,233.02,7.92;11,314.25,604.57,152.95,7.92" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How emotions regulate social life: the emotions as social information (EASI) model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Van Kleef</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="184" to="188" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,614.55,241.97,7.92;11,314.25,624.53,233.03,7.92;11,314.25,634.56,163.66,7.92" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The long-term stability and predictive validity of trait measures of affect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M K</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="567" to="577" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,644.54,241.97,7.92;11,314.25,654.58,233.04,7.92;11,314.25,664.56,232.99,7.92;11,314.25,674.53,67.02,7.92" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development and validation of brief measures of positive and negative affect: the PANAS scales</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tellegen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1063" to="1070" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,684.57,242.06,7.92;11,314.25,694.55,233.00,7.92;11,314.25,704.58,101.43,7.92" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A psychological taxonomy of trait-descriptive terms: The interpersonal domain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wiggins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395" to="412" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,305.29,714.56,241.96,7.92;11,314.25,724.54,233.05,7.92;11,314.25,734.57,33.09,7.92" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Personality in context: an interpersonal systems perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Zayas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Shoda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Ayduk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="851" to="900" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
