<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T13:59+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<title level="a" type="main"></title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>BY G. 0. S A R S</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>what resembling that of A . bispinosa (Sp. Bate). The ' 3 anterior segments of inetasome each produced dorsally to a comparatively small, posteriorly-pointing projection. Cephalon rather large, fully equalling in length the 3 anterior segments of mesosome combined; rostra1 projection well-marked , lateral corners rounded, postantennal ones produced to a short deflexed point. Anterior pair of coxal plates comparatively small, not nearly as deep as the body; 1st pair slightly expanded distally, with the anterior corner subangular ; 4th pair rounded quadrangular in form, but very slightly emarginnted behind. First pair of epimeral plates of metasome rounded off; the ' 3 succeeding pairs each produced at the lateral corners to a small recurved projection; posterior margin of last pair evenly convex, not serrate, nor divided, only exhibiting a few very slight crenulations. Eyes large, rounded, with nunierou~ visual elements forming a clear border around the dark pigment. Antennae very slender and elongated, the superior ones in female considerably exceeding half the length of the body, the inferior ones about '/a longer than the superior. Both pairs of antennae in male still more elongated, and having the opposite edges of the peduncles clothed with fascicles of delicate sensory bristles. Gnathopoda less slender than in the other species of the genus; with the propodos more largely developed, exceeding in both pairs somewhat the 3 preceding joints combined; that of 1 s t pair a little larger than that of the '2nd; palm in both pairs imperfectly defined behind, and about the length of the hind margin. Pereiopoda slender and only sparingly edged with bristles, propodal joint rather much elongated, dactylos strong and curved: the 3 posterior pairs rapidly increasing in length. the last pair being nearly twice as long as the lst, basal joint but slightly expanded, oval in forrn, with the hind edge scarcely at all serrate. Uropoda and telson of much the same structure as in A . bispinosa.</p><p>Colour not yet stated. Length of adult ovigerous female scarcely exceeding 3 inrn ; that of male about the same.</p><p>Remarks. -The present species is closely allied to A . bispinosa (Sp. Bate), and at the first sight may be easily mistaken for young specimens of that form. On a closer examination, it is, however, found to exhibit several well-marked differences, proving it to be in reality a distinctly defined species. Besides its much inferior size, it differs very conspicuously in the very slender form of the antennae and pereiopoda, whereas, on the other hand, the gnalhopoda are comparatively more powerfully developed than in any of the other known species. Moreover, the form of the last pair of epimeral plates of the metasome exhibit a form very different from that in A. bispinosa.</p><p>Occnrence. -All the hitherto known species of the genus Apherusa are pronouncedly littoral in their occurence , being found close to the shores among algae, often even in pools left by the tide. The habits of the present species seem to be very different, occurring, as it does, like other true pelagic animals, in the open sea, far from the shores, and, as a rule close to the surface.</p><p>Distribution. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>-Prof. CLEVE found this interesting form in great abundance during the month of November 1903, throughout the whole Skagerak and the Gullmarfjord, in the Didymus-Plankton taken at the surface of the sea. EXPLANATION OF THE PLATE Fig. 1. Adult. ovigerous female, viewed frem left side; magnified 48 diameters. 2. Head of adult male, with its several appendages; same amplification. 3. Left anterior gnathopod. 4. Left posterior gnathopod, with branchial lamella end incubatory plate. 5. Second pereiopod. ti. Third pereiopod, with branchial lamella and incubatory plate. 7. Last epimeral plate of metasome. Fig. 8. Urosome, dorsal view. I). Last uropod. II 10. Telson.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl/>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
