<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T13:59+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">58 LOCALIZATION OF NEUTRALIZING EPITOPES AND RECEPTOR-BINDING SITE IN MURINE CORONA VIRUS SPIKE PROTEIN</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fumihiro</forename><surname>Taguchi</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">National Institute of Neuroscience</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>NCNP 4-1-1 Ogawahigashi, Kodaira Tokyo 187</addrLine>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hideyuki</forename><surname>Kubo</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">National Institute of Neuroscience</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>NCNP 4-1-1 Ogawahigashi, Kodaira Tokyo 187</addrLine>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hideka</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">National Institute of Neuroscience</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>NCNP 4-1-1 Ogawahigashi, Kodaira Tokyo 187</addrLine>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yasuko</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Yamada</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">National Institute of Health</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>4-7 -I Gakuen, Musashimurayama Tokyo 190-12</addrLine>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">58 LOCALIZATION OF NEUTRALIZING EPITOPES AND RECEPTOR-BINDING SITE IN MURINE CORONA VIRUS SPIKE PROTEIN</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ABSTRACT</head><p>To identify the localization of the epitopes recognized by monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) against the SI subunit of the murine coronavirus JHMV spike protein, we have expressed the S 1 proteins with different deletions from the C terminus ofthe S 1. All ofMAbs in groups A and B recognized the SIN(330) composed of330 amino acids (aa) from the N terminus of the SI and the larger SI deletion mutants, but failed to react with the SIN(220) composed of 220 aa. MAbs in group C reacted only with the S I utt protein without any deletion. These results indicated that the S I N330 comprised the cluster of epitopes recognized by MAbs in groups A and B. These results together with the fact that all the MAbs in group B retained the high neutralizing activity suggested that the N terminus 330 aa are responsible for binding to the MHV-specific receptors. In pursuit of this possibility, we have expressed the receptor protein and examined the binding of each S I deletion mutants to the receptor. It was demonstrated that the S I N(330) protein as well as other S I deletion mutants larger than SIN(330) bound to the receptor. These results indicated that a domain composed of330 aa at the N terminus of the SI protein is responsible for binding to the MHV-specific receptor.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Corona viruses are enveloped, positive stranded RNA viruses associated with various diseases in both animals and humans l . The murine coronavirus (MHV) has a genome RNA of about 31 kilobases and encodes four major structural proteins: nucleocapsid protein, the integral membrane glycoprotein, the hemagglutinin-esterase glycoprotein and the spike (S) glycoprotein. Several non-structural proteins are encoded in the genome as well I.</p><p>The spike comprises two to three molecules of the S protein of 150-200 KDa, each of which is a heterodimer consisting of two non-covalently bound S protein subunits, S I and S2 derived from the N-terminal and C-terminal halves of the S protein i . The SI subunit forms the globular head of the spike and the S2 its stalk portion 2 • The S protein ofMHV is multifunctional. It attaches the virus to the cell surface by binding to MHV-specific receptors3. Although there are few reports concerning the analysis of the receptor-binding site on the S protein, the topologies of the S protein subunits suggest that the receptor-binding site is more likely to exist on S 1 than on S2. The fusion of cultured cells infected with MHV is caused by the S protein 4 ,5. The S protein is the major target of the neutralizing antibodies induced in mice after infection with MHY. It also elicits cytotoxic T cells 6 . Furthermore, the S protein is suggested to be a maj or determinant of viral virulence in animals.</p><p>In this study, we showed that the cluster of epitopes recognized by MAbs with neutralizing activity were localized within 330 aa from the N terminus of the SI subunit. Furthermore, we demonstrated that this S 1 domain bound to the cellular receptor protein expressed by recombinant vaccinia virus (RVV).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>MATERIALS AND METHODS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Construction of the SI Deletion Mutant Genes and Their Expression</head><p>For expression of different C terminal deletions of the S I protein we constructed various SI genes that lacked successively longer segments from the 3' region, The SINM, SIN, SIN(330), and SIN(220) genes encoding 594, 453,330 and 220 aa from the N terminus of the S 1 gene were constructed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR); cl-2 S cDNA 7,8 was template, the forward primer was a positive-sense oligonucleotide corresponding to the leader sequence of JHM and the reverse primers were oligonucleotides with nucleotides TTA complementary to the stop codon at the 5' end. We inserted the PCR products into pCR TMII from the TA cloning kit. Each S 1 gene was then cut out from the vector and the fragment was inserted into the vaccinia virus transfer vector (VV-TV), pSF7.5EBI-B5-12 (PSF)9. The VV-TVs with Slutt, SINM, SIN, SIN(330) and SIN(220) were designated pSFSIutt, pSFSINM, pSFSIN, pSFS 1 N(330) and pSFS 1 N(220), respectively. The S 1 deletion mutant proteins were expressed by the infection of wild type VV and transfection of above VV-TV s (transient expression).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Isolation of MHV -Specific Receptor Gene and Expression by RVV</head><p>The RNA extracted from BALB/c liver was reverse transcribed into cDNA with oligo( dT) 12-18 as a primeriO. And the MHV receptor gene was then amplified by a pair of primers that correspond to the published nucleotide sequences of mmCGMl around the initiation and termination codons II . The amplified fragment with a length of around 900-base pairs (bp) (mL900) was incorporated either in pCRTMII vector or downstream of the SRu promoter in the pcDL-SRu296 expression and cloning vector I3 • The mL900 was also inserted into the VV-TV, pSF. The RVV containing mL900 (RVV-MRe) was prepared as described previously8.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Binding Assay of the SI Mutant Proteins to MHV Receptor</head><p>The lysates of RKl3 cells infected with RVV-MRe were electrophoresed on SDSpolyacrylamide gel and transferred onto the transfer membrane paper as described pre-viously13. The membrane paper was incubated with the culture fluids from DBT cells producing S I deletion mutants. The membrane paper was then washed and incubated with MAb No.7. Binding of MAb No.7 was estimated by enhanced chemiluminescence with horse radish peroxidase labeled anti-mouse IgG.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head><p>Expression of the S1 Mutant Proteins in DBT Cells and Their Reactivities to a Panel of MAbs</p><p>The MAbs specific for the S I protein are classified into 3 different groups: those that react with most MHV strains (group A), those that specifically react with JHMV (group B), and those that specifically bind JHMV variants with the larger S protein (group C). All of these MAbs recognize conformational epitopes l4 • MAbs classified in group C do not react with the small S protein of sp-4 14,15. CI-2 S I protein consists of769 aa, and that of sp-4 has a deletion of 141 aa which corresponds to aa 454 to 594 of cl-2. Based on this difference of the S protein between cl-2 and sp-4, we designated three regions of the S 1 protein SIN, S I M and SIC. The S 1 M region is missing in the small S protein of sp-4. The SIN and SIC regions correspond to the N terminal and C terminal regions as compared with the position of S 1 M. We constructed deleted SI genes that expressed the SINM (SIN+M) and SIN proteins as well as S 1 N(330) and S 1 N(220) which respectively encoded 330 and 220 aa from the S-protein N terminus. Each SI deletion mutant was expressed in DBT cells by the VV transient expression system. For all the constructs, indirect immunofluorescence revealed that 5 to 10% of DBT cells produced the S 1 protein. Western blotting analysis using the lysates prepared from such cells showed that almost equivalent amounts of S 1 deletion mutants were produced in cells transfected with various pSFs and the sizes of the expressed S 1 proteins were in accord with the sizes deduced from their gene structure. DBT cells expressing these species of S 1 deletion mutants were examined for their reactivities to a panel ofMAbs by indirect immunofluorescence. As shown in <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>, all of the SI-specific MAbs reacted with the S 1 utt which covered whole S I protein 16 in the same way as they did with the S protein produced in DBT cells by the infection of cl-2. All MAbs classified into groups A and B reacted to SINM, SIN and SIN(330). Group C MAbs reacted only with S I utt and not with any other S I deletion mutants. These results indicated that the epitopes recognized by MAbs in groups A and B are clustered in the S I domain composed of 330 aa from the N terminus. And all the proteins, with the exception of the smallest protein expressed </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Binding of SI Deletion Mutants with MHv-Specific Receptor</head><p>Most of the MAbs classified in group B showed very high neutralizing activity to cl-214, which may suggest that these MAbs inhibit the binding of virus to the cellular receptor. If this is the case, the epitopes recognized by such MAbs or the adjacent regions to such MAb epitopes may play an important role in the binding ofthe virus to the receptor. In pursuit of this possibility, we examined the binding of the S I deletion mutants to the receptor. By reverse transcription PCR, we isolated the gene encoding MHV receptor from mouse liver. The isolated MHV receptor was identical to BgpC or MHVR(2d)17. The expression of this protein in BHK21 cells rendered them susceptible to MHV infection as previously described17. Cells infected with the RVV-MRe produced a few different species of receptor proteins; a major band was at 41 kDa and a few additional bands were around 46 kDa. We then examined the ability of these proteins to bind various S I deletion mutants. MHV-receptor-bound membranes were incubated with the lysates prepared from cells expressing S I with the transmembrane domain (Sltmd) or S2 with signal peptide (SSS2)16. The membrane paper was also incubated with culture fluids from cells producing the S I deletion mutant proteins via a VV transient expression system; these 5 I mutants lacked the transmembrane domain and therefore secreted mostly into the culture fluid. The binding of these S I and S2 proteins were monitored with MAb No.7 and lOG, respectively. The SI protein with a transmembrane domain bound to the 41 k and 46 k receptor protein, but binding of the S2 protein was indeterminant due to lack of reaction ofMAb lOG even with the whole S protein bound to the receptor. The binding of the whole 5 protein could be easily detected by the MAb No.7. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>The S protein is known to be a multifunctional protein. However, very little is known about the relationship between biological functions and the structure of the S protein, except for the localization of neutralizing epitopes recognized by the MAbs 18 and fusion activity by molecularly engineered S protein 13 . The S protein has long been assumed to be involved in receptor-binding. In this paper, we showed that the clusters of antigenic epitopes exist within 330 aa from the N terminus of the S protein. Furthermore, an SI deletion mutant protein composed of the N terminal 330 aa ofSI bound to the MHV-specific receptor. This finding agrees with the idea that Sl comprises the bulbous portion of the characteristic club-shaped spike that is located in the outer extremity of the virion 3 .</p><p>Various Sl deletion mutants larger than SIN(330) bound to the receptor proteins without striking differences in intensity of binding. This excludes the possibility that some region in the S 1, other than the N terminal 330 aa, is a major active site for receptor-binding. The antigenic epitopes recognized by group B MAbs are unlikely to be centers of receptorbinding sites, because these antigenic epitopes are specific for JHM strains and the receptors are known to serve as targets for JHM and A59 12 ,19. The MAbs in group B probably recognize the epitopes existing in the neighboring region of the receptor-binding site on the S protein and inhibit virus binding to the receptor by steric hindrance. The receptor also served as a binding site for some other MHV strains besides JHM (unpublished data) suggesting that the receptor-binding active site is conserved within 330 aa from the SIN terminus in most MHV strains. We are currently determining the smallest, conserved, aa sequence that functions as a receptor-binding site.</p><p>Work on different coronaviruses suggests the involvement of the S2 subunit in receptor-binding activity; MAbs specific for the S2 of MHV have neutralizing activitl· However, the ability ofS2 antibodies to neutralize virus may be the effect ofsteric hindrance, since the S protein is known to have a highly conformational structure I.3. Moreover, viral neutralization by antibodies does not always result from the prevention of virus binding to the receptor. When the S 1 subunit of avian infectious bronchitis virus (AlBV) is removed, the virion is still able to bind susceptible cells, although it is not infectious 2o . This demonstrated that the S2 subunit mediates attachment. However, this attachment did not trigger the replication of attached viruses and would not be the genuine process that occurred with infectious virions retaining the Sl subunit. In the present study, we failed to demonstrate whether or not S2 bound to the receptor, because MAb lOG and others reactive to S2 in Western blot did not work for the detection of the receptor-bound S proteins.</p><p>In picornaviruses, a small canyon formed by the outer coat protein is proposed to be the precise location of receptor-binding; this idea is the so called canyon hypothesis21.</p><p>Members of the Immunoglobuhn super-family serve as the receptors of these vlruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">22</ref> The MHV receptors, mmCGMI and mmCGMl2 are also members of the Immunoglobuhn superfamily There IS another resemblance between piCornavirus receptors and MHV receptors their N termmal domams, which are similar to the Immunoglobulm variable regIOn, are critical for mteractlOn with viral protems <ref type="bibr">2324</ref> The mechamsm of MHV virus-receptor bmdmg may be similar to that of pi co rna viruses AnalysIs of the receptor-bmdmg site of the S protem will dehneate the mechamsm of virus-receptor mteractlOn, which mltIates ViruS mfectlOn </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>REFERENCES</head></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1. Receptor-binding of the S I deletion mutants (A) and inhibition of receptor-binding of S 1 N(330) by MAbs (B). (A): The MHV-receptorprepared on the membrane paper by Western blotting was reacted with the culture fluids of DBT cells infected with VV and transfected with pSFS 1 utt (2), pSFSINM (3), pSFSIN (4), pSFSIN(330) (5), pSFSIN(220) (6) or mock transfected cells (7). The paper was then reacted with S I-specific MAb No. 7 and subsequently with peroxidase-labeled anti-mouse IgG. Lane 1 shows the position of MHV-receptor protein detected by anti-human CEA antibody. (B): The SIN(330) was mixed with neutralizing MAb No.3 (2), non-neutralizing MAb No.2 (3), anti-N MAb NO.5 (4) or PBS (I) and incubated at RT for 60 min. These pretreated SIN(330) were monitored for their receptor-binding capacity as described in A.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Groot,R J, W LuytJes, M C Horzmek, BAM Van der Zeljst, W J M Spaan, and J A Lenstra EVidence for a cOiled-COlI structure m the spike of coronavlruses J Mol BIOI 196 963-966 3 Ho1mes,K V, E W Doller and J N Behnke 1981 AnalysIs of the functIOn of corona ViruS glycoprotem by differential mhlbltlon of synthesIs with tumcamycm Adv Exp Med BIOI 142 133-142 4 Collms,A R, R L Knobler, H Powell, and M J Buchmeler 1982 Mono-clonal antibodies to munne hepatitis vlrus-4 (stram JHM) define the viral glycoprotem responSible for attachment and cell fuSIOn Virology 119 358-371 5 Vennema, H , L Hejnen, A ZIJderfeld, M C HOfZlek, and W J M Spaan 1990 Intracellular transport of recombmant coronavlrus spike protems ImplicatIOn for ViruS assembly J Vlrol 64 339-346 6 Kyuwa,S, and SA Stohlman 1990 PathogenesIs of a neurotropic murme coronavlrus stram, JHM, m the central nervous system of mice Semm Vlrol I 273-280 7 Taguchl,F, S G Siddell, H Wege, and V ter Meulen 1985 CharactenzatlOn of a vanant ViruS selected m rat bram after mfectlOn by coronavlrus mouse hepatitis ViruS JHM J Vlrol 54 429-435 8 Taguchl,F, T Ikeda, and H Shlda 1992 Molecular clonmg and expressIOn of a spike protem of neurovlru- lent munne coronavlrus JHMV vanant cI-2 J Gen Vlfol 73 1065-1072 9 Funahashl,S, S Itamura, S linuma, H Nerome, M Sugimoto, and H Shlda 1991 Increased expressIOn m Vitro and m VIVO of foreign genes directed by A-type mcluslOn body hybnd promoters m recombmant vaccmla viruses J Vlrol 65 5584-5588 10 Yamada, YK, M Abe, A Yamada, and F Taguchl 1993 DetectIOn of mouse hepatitis ViruS by the polymerase cham reactIOn and Its applicatIOn to the rapid diagnOSIs of mfectlOn Lab Amm SCI 43 285-290 II Dveksler,G S, M N Penslero, C B CardellichlO, R K W!lliams, G Jiang, K V Holmes, and C W Dlffenbach 1991 Clomng of the mouse hepatitis ViruS (MHV) receptor expressIOn m human and hamster cell hnes confers susceptibility to MHV J Vlrol 65 6881-6891 12 Takebe Y, M Selki, J FUjlsawa, J Hoy, K Yokota, K Aral, M Yoshida, and N Aral 1988 SRa promoter an effiCient and versatile mammahan cDNA expressIOn system composed of the simian ViruS 40 early promoter and the R-U5 segment of human T-cell leukemia ViruS type 1 long termmal repeat Mol Cell BIOI 8 466-472 13 Taguchl,F 1993 FUSIOn formatIOn by uncleaved spike protem ofmunne coronavlrus JHMV vanant cI-2 J Vlrol 67 1195-1202 14 Kubo,H, S YTakase, and F Taguchl 1993 NeutralizatIOn and fUSIOn mhlbltlOn activIties of monoclonal antibodies speCific for the S 1 subumt of the spike protem of neurovlrulent munne corona ViruS JHMV cI-2 vanant J Gen Vlfol 74 1421-1425 15 Taguchl,F, and J 0 Flemmg 1989 Companson of SIX different murme coronavlrus JHM vanants by monoclonal antibodieS agamst the E2 glycoprotem Virology 169 233-235 16 Kubo,H, and FTaguchl 1993 ExpreSSIOn of the SI and S2 subumts ofmunne coronavlrus JHMV spike protem by a vaccmla ViruS transient expressIOn system J Gen Vlrol 74 2373-2383 17 Dveksler,G S, C W Dlffenbach, C B CardelhchlO, K Mccuaig, M N Penslero, G S Jiang, N Beauchemm and K V Holmes 1993 Several members of the mouse carcmoembryomc antigen-related glycoprotem fam!ly are functIOnal receptors for the coronavlrus mouse hepatitis vlrus-A59 J Vlrol 67 1-8 18 Luytjes, W , D Geerts, W Posthumus, R Meloen,and W Spaan 1989 Ammo aCid sequence of a conserved neutrahzmg epltope ofmurme coronavlfUses J Vlrol 63 1408-1412</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>ReactIVItIes of the S I-specific MAbs to the expressed S protems'*The S 1 deletIOn mutants protems were expressed m DBT cells mfected With VV after transfectlOn With vanous pSF vectors The reactivIties were exammed by mdlrect Immunofluorescence by p5F51N(220), form the same tertiary structure as does the entire 51 protein. Epitopes recognized by the MAbs in group C were not restricted to the 51 M region that is missing in the small 5 protein.</figDesc><table>ReactIVIty 

Recombmant 
Group A 
Group B 
Group C 

plasmid 
2 
7 
19 
3 
6 
13 
71 
93 
8 
12 
47 
63 
78 
85 

pSFSlutt 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
pSFSINM 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
pSFSIN 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
pSFS 1 N(330) 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
pSFSIN(220) 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse hepatitis VIruS utlhzes two carclOnoembryomc antigens as alternatIve receptors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yokomon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M M C</forename><surname>Lal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vlfol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6194" to="6199" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Corona VIruS IBV removal of spIke glycopeptide S I by urea abohshes mfectlVlty and haemagglutmatlOn but not attachment to cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Cavanagh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P J</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gen Vlrol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1442" to="1448" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M G</forename><surname>Rossmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Arnold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E A</forename><surname>W Enckson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J P</forename><surname>Frankenberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H J</forename><surname>Gnffith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J E</forename><surname>Hecht</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kamer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Mosser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>R Rueckert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sherry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Vnend</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">317</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cellular receptor for pohovlrus Molecular clonmg, nucleotide sequence, and expressIOn of a new member of the Immunoglobuhn superfamJiy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C L</forename><surname>Mendelsohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Wimmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Vr Racamello</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cell</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="855" to="865" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse hepatitis VIruS stram A59 and blockmg antlreceptor monoclonal antibody bmd to the N-terrnmal domam of cellular receptor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G S</forename><surname>Dveksler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M N</forename><surname>Penslero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C W</forename><surname>Dieffenbach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Cardelhchlo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A A</forename><surname>Basile</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Eha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Nat! Acad SCI</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1716" to="1720" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Functional domams of the pohovlrus receptor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Koike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lise</forename><surname>Nomoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Nat! Acad SCI USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4104" to="4108" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
