<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:00+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Coronavirus Receptors</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kathryn</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>AND</roleName><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Stephensen</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Coronavirus Receptors</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>CHAPTER 12</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>ization of the MHV receptor and demonstrate its role in determining host susceptibility to virus infection.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Identification and Characterization of the llO-K Glycoprotein Receptor for MHV</head><p>A solid-phase virus-receptor assay was developed to detect binding of MHV to plasma membranes purified from the natural target tissues for MHV <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref>. Brush border membranes isolated from the small intestine of susceptible BALB/c or resistant SJLlJ mice were immobilized on nitrocellulose in a dot blot apparatus and then incubated with MHV-A59 virus. Virus bound to the intestinal brush border membranes was detected immunologically with antibody directed against the peplomer glycoprotein E2 and radioiodinated staphylococcal protein A. Virus binding to brush border membranes from BALB/c mice was directly proportional to the amount of membranes used, but no binding of virus to brush border membranes from SJLIJ mice was detected. Similar findings were made with hepatocyte membranes from BALB/c and SJLIJ mice. These data suggest that SJLIJ mice are resistant to MHV infection because they fail to express a specific receptor for MHV on the membranes of the normal target cells for this virus.</p><p>To determine the molecular weight of the MHV receptor on BALB/c membranes, a virus-overlay protein blot assay (VOPBA) was used <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref>. Membrane proteins from BALB/c or SJLIJ intestinal brush borders or hepatocytes were solubilized in SDS, separated by SDS-PAGE, and blotted onto nitrocellulose sheets. The sheets were then incubated sequentially with bovine serum albumin to block nonspecific binding, MHV, anti-E2 antibody, and radioiodinated staphylococcal protein A. With BALB/c brush border membranes or hepatocyte membranes, MHV bound only to a single broad band with a molecular weight of approximately lOOK to IIOK. No virusbinding activity was found in SJLlJ membrane proteins. The I 10K protein from BALB/c brush borders was specific for MHV and did not bind other viruses that can also infect murine enterocytes, such as mouse polio or rotavirus.</p><p>Additional characteristics of the MHV receptor were determined. Treatment of BALB/c brush border membranes with deoxycholate solubilized MHV -binding activity, which could then be quantitatively adsorbed to beads coated with any of several lectins including concanavalin A or ricin 120 <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref>. This showed that the MHV receptor is a glycoprotein. The I 10K glycoprotein was excised from SDS-PAGE gels of BALB/c brush border membrane and treated with endoglycosidase-F to release N-linked oligo saccharides. Endo-F treatment reduced the apparent molecular weight of the receptor to approximately 70K, without substantially reducing virus-binding activity <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. Receptor eluted from the lOOK to IIOK region of an SDS-PAGE gel was very sensitive to proteases, and treatment with proteases destroyed virus-binding activity. However, virus-binding activity was not inhibited by treatment of the receptor with neuraminidase <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref>. Taken together, the data show that MHV bound to an SDS-insensitive part of the I 10K glycoprotein that was not removed by endo-F. Thus, the domain of the receptor that is recognized by the E2 glycoprotein of MHV is likely to be a linear sequence of amino acids.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Characterization of Antireceptor Antibodies</head><p>A second approach to the characterization of the MHV receptor was the development of antibodies directed against the receptor. A highly specific antireceptor antibody was developed by immunization of SJLlJ mice, which do not express the MHV receptor, with extracts of intestinal brush border membranes from BALB/c mice, which do express the receptor <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. In Western blots this polyclonal antibody recognized only the 110K receptor in BALB/c brush border membrane proteins, and the antibody did not bind to any proteins of SJLlJ membranes. Pretreatment of MHV -susceptible mouse fibroblast cell lines with the polyclonal antireceptor antibody protected them from infection with MHV <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>.</p><p>Hybridoma cell lines that produce monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) directed against the MHV receptor were derived from the spleens of mice producing antireceptor antibodies. More than 30 MAbs, which reacted in an enzyme-linked immunoassay with 110K receptor eluted from SDS-PAGE gels, were identified and tested for their ability to recognize the 110K receptor by immunoblot and the ability to protect L2 cells from infection with MHV-A59 <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. Only three of the MAbs protected cells from infection. One of these MAbs, ee I, was studied extensively. It blocked infection of mouse fibroblasts with MHV-A59, MHV-JHM, MHV-3, MHV-S, and MHV-I <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. This indicates that, on the mouse fibroblast cell lines, the I 10K glycoprotein receptor is the only receptor for all five of these prototype strains of MHV.</p><p>MAb eel recognized the 110K MHV receptor in Western blots of BALB/c brush border membranes, but it did not detect any protein band in SJLlJ brush border membranes. This antireceptor MAb also reacted in dot immunoassays and in immunoblots with murine intestinal brush border membranes, but not with comparable brush border membrane preparations from other species <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. Fluorescent antibody labeling of murine intestine showed that MAb ee I specifically recognized the apical brush border of intestinal epithelial cells of BALB/c mice but failed to react with membranes of SJLlJ intestine <ref type="figure">(Figure 12</ref>.1) <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. Thus, all our results based on immunoblotting, inhibition of biological activity, and distribution of receptor activity on cells and tissues indicate that the antireceptor MAb ee I recognizes the 110K glycoprotein to which MHV binds. Furthermore, the ability of MAb ee 1 to inhibit MHV -binding activity indicates that the domain of the 11 OK glycoprotein recognized by MAb ee 1 may be either close to or identical with the domain to which the E2 glycoprotein of MHV binds. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Affinity Purification of the Receptor Glycoprotein</head><p>MAb CC 1 was used for affinity purification of MHV receptor from hepatocyte membranes from an MHV-susceptible mouse strain <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. The amino-acid sequence of the first 15 amino acids from the N-terminus of this affinitypurified receptor was determined. A synthetic peptide corresponding to these 15 amino acids was conjugated with keyhole limpet hemocyanin and used to raise antiserum that recognized the 110K receptor from BALB/c intestinal brush border membranes in a Western blot, indicating that the derived sequence was indeed the MHV receptor <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>.</p><p>The normal cellular function of the MHV receptor is not yet known. Receptors for viruses in several other groups have been identified, and these are often molecules that function as membrane receptors for such ligands as growth factors, hormones, or other cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref>. Cloning, sequencing, and expression of the MHV receptor gene should help to identify both its normal cellular function and the domain that binds the E2 glycoprotein of MHV.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Role of Receptors in Coronavirus Species Specificity</head><p>One of the central questions about coronavirus receptors is whether they playa role in determining the marked species specificity of coronaviruses. Most coronaviruses infect only one species or a few closely related species <ref type="bibr">[11]</ref>. For example, MHV causes natural infection only in mice and can be made to infect rats only by intracerebral inoculation of infant animals. Several experimental approaches were used to determine whether the species specificity of MHV infection is the consequence of the E2 glycoprotein of MHV binding selectively to a domain of the 110K glycoprotein that is only expressed on murine tissues. Immunofluorescence experiments on cell lines of different species showed that antireceptor antibody bound only to MHV-susceptible murine cell lines and not to cell lines from humans, hamsters, cats, or dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>. Solid-phase, MHV-receptor assays using brush border membranes from nine species demonstrated that MHV-A59 bound only to brush border membranes from BALB/c mice and not to brush border membranes from human, pig, cat, dog, rat, or cow <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>. These experiments suggest that the species specificity of MHV is due to absence of the MHV-binding moiety of the receptor on cells of other species.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Coronavirus Hemagglutination</head><p>For some virus groups, receptors have been characterized by studying virus interactions with erythrocytes. For example, orthomyxoviruses and paramyxoviruses bind to glycolipids or glycoproteins on erythroctye membranes by an interaction of the viral hemagglutinin glycoprotein with N-acetyl neuraminic acid residues on the cellular macromolecules <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref>. Although most coronaviruses do not cause hemagglutination, several coronaviruses, including bovine corona virus (BCV), hemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus of swine (HEV), human respiratory coronavirus (OC43), and some strains of infectious bronchitis virus (IBV), can cause hemagglutination <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref>. For BCV, hemagglutination is caused by a 140K viral glycoprotein called HE, which is a disulfide-linked dimer of a 65K glycoprotein <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref>. This hemagglutinin is not expressed in most strains of MHV, although an open reading frame homologous to the BCV hemagglutinin but lacking an initiator methionine has been found in the genome of MHV-A59 <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>. Surprisingly, this coronavirus hemagglutinin shares about 30% homology with the single glycoprotein of influenza e <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>. The hemagglutinating glycoproteins of both BeV and influenza e bind specifically to 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid residues on erythrocytes and have esterase activity that inactivates 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid-containing receptors on erythrocyte membranes <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">[16]</ref>. This viral enzymatic activity has therefore been termed receptordestroying activity. It is not yet clear, however, whether infection of susceptible cells in vitro or in vivo results from binding of BeV by means of the interaction of the HE glycoprotein with 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid residues on the cell or from the interaction of the E2 glycoprotein with a specific glycoprotein analogous to the 110K MHV receptor. Coronavirusinduced membrane fusion is a function of the E2 glycoprotein <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18]</ref>. Therefore, even if the BCV virion should bind to susceptible cells via the HE glycoprotein, interaction of the E2 glycoprotein with some component ofthe cell membrane may be required for penetration of the viral nucleocapsid.</p><p>Several lines of evidence show that MHV-A59 does not bind to susceptible cells by recognizing 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid-containing receptors. First. MHV-A59 does not express the HE glycoprotein. Second. MHV -A59 binds to only a single glycoprotein in VOPBA. whereas OC43. a serologically related human coronavirus that expresses an HE glycoprotein. binds to multiple proteins that presumably all bear 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid moieties <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">[19]</ref>. Third. endo-F treatment of purified 1 10K MHV receptor. which should remove any N-linked oligosaccharides bearing 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid. does not prevent binding of MHV. Finally. neuraminidase treatment of murine cells. which should remove the 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid residues. fails to prevent binding of MHV-A59.</p><p>In some other virus groups, the virus-membrane interaction associated with hemagglutination is not necessarily identical to the interaction that leads to infection of a susceptible cell. For example, the erythrocyte-binding hemagglutinin of polyomavirus is found on noninfectious particles, whereas a different domain of the viral capsid protein binds to a component of the plasma membrane of susceptible cells that is not present on erythrocytes <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref>. Possibly the hemagglutinin of some coronaviruses may, like that of polyomavirus, be irrelevant in the infectious process.</p><p>Nevertheless, it is interesting to speculate upon the biological significance of the observation that two different viral glycoproteins can mediate attachment of some coronaviruses to cell membranes. Those coronaviruses, such as MHV-A59, canine coronavirus, feline infectious peritonitis virus, or human coronavirus 229E, that do not express the HE glycoprotein are nevertheless quite capable of causing disease and being transmitted naturally, so the HE glycoprotein is not essential for infectivity of a coronavirus. It would be quite interesting to induce expression of an HE glycoprotein in such a virus in order to study what effect it may have on the pathogenesis and epidemiology of the virus. Possibly the virulence, tissue tropism, or species specificity of these viruses would be altered significantly.</p><p>The two membrane-binding activities of coronavirus glycoproteins may provide some coronaviruses with a choice of two different ways to interact with cells in order to initiate infection. Alternatively, the hemagglutinin could be essential for some coronaviruses if their E2 glycoprotein fails to recognize a glycoprotein receptor on host cells. It would be interesting to delete or mutagenize the gene for the HE glycoprotein of a coronavirus that normally expresses it, such as BCV or OC43, in order to determine how absence of this protein affects viral replication and pathogenesis.</p><p>Sensitive assays to detect binding of many different coronaviruses to glycoprotein receptors. or 9-0-acetylated neuraminic acid receptors on their normal target cells, and clones of the viral glycoprotein genes that can be sequenced and expressed either separately or in concert are becoming available. In the near future, these will be used to elucidate the mechanism(s) by which coronaviruses bind to cells and initiate infection.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 12 . 1 .</head><label>121</label><figDesc>Figure 12 .1. Expression of the glycoprotein receptor for mouse hepatitis virus on brush border membranes of mouse small intestine correlates with susceptibility of the mice to MHV. Monoclonal antireceptor antibody CCI was used to detect the MHV receptor on frozen sections of mouse small intestine . BALB /c mice, which are highly susceptible to MHV infection, expressed the MHV receptor on brush border membranes A In contrast, SJLlJ mice, which are resistant to MHV infection, did not express the receptor on their intestinal brush border membranes C Panels Band D are phase-contrast images of the same sections.</figDesc></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>This research was supported in part by research grants AI 18997 and AI 25231 from the National Institutes of Health. The opinions in this chapter are the private ones of the authors and are not to be construed as official or reflecting the views of the Department of Defense or the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse macrophages as host cells for the mouse hepatitis virus and the genetic basis of their susceptibility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Bang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Warwick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Natl Acad Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1065" to="1075" />
			<date type="published" when="1960" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Congenic strains of mice susceptible and resistant to mouse hepatitis virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Weiser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Vellisto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Soc BioI Exp Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">152</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="499" to="502" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse hepatitis virus strain-related patterns of tissue tropism in suckling mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Barthold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Control of mouse hepatitis virus replication in macrophages by a recessive gene on chromosome 7</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Click</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Plagemann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">133</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="428" to="432" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse hepatitis virus type 4 (JHM strains) induced fatal central nervous system disease. I. Genetic control and murine neuron as the susceptible site of disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Knobler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Haspel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Oldstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Exp Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">153</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="832" to="843" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Host genetic control of mouse hepatitis virus type 4 (JHM strain) replication. I. Restriction of virus amplification and spread in macrophages from resistant mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Knobler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tunison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Old Stone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mb</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gen</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1543" to="1548" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic resistance to mouse hepatitis virus correlates with absence of virus-binding activity on target tissues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Boyle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Weismiller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="189" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Identification of a receptor for mouse hepatitis virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Exp Med Bioi</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">218</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="202" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>unpublished observations</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Virus Attachment and Entry into Cells</title>
		<editor>Crowell RL. Lonberg-Holm K</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>ASM Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington. DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The biology and pathogenesis of coronaviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Ii. Wege</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Siddell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Ter Meulen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Top Microbiol Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Compton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
			<pubPlace>Bethesda. MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
<note type="report_type">PhD thesis</note>
	<note>Coronavirus attachment and replication</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Replication of coronaviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Fields BN et al</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>Virology. Raven Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1331" to="1344" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bovine coronavirus structural proteins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="700" to="707" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sequence of mouse hepatitis virus A59 mRNA2: Indications for RNArecombination between coronaviruses and influenza C virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Luytjes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bredenbeek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Noten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Horzinek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Spaan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">166</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="422" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The E3 protein of bovine coronavirus is a receptor-destroying enzyme with acetylesterase activity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Vlasak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Luytjes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Leider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Spaan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Palese</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4686" to="4690" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Analysis of the functions of coronavirus glycoproteins by differential inhibition of synthesis with tunicamycin</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Doller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Behnke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Exp Med Bioi</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">142</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="142" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Monoclonal antibodies to murine hepatitis virus 4 (strain JHM) define the viral glycoprotein responsible for attachment and cell-cell fusion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Knobler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Buchmeier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="358" to="371" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronavirus receptors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Holmes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Stephensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Compton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Cardellichio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Knobler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Weismiller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Boyle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Cell Biology of Virus Entry, Replication and Pathogenesis. UCLA Symposium on molecular and cellular biology</title>
		<editor>Compans R, Helenius A, Old stone M</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Alan R. Liss</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="95" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differences in the subpopulations of the structural proteins of polyoma virions and capsids: Biological functions of the multiple VP1 species</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bolen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Anders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Trempy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Consigli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
