<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:00+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">WHO and the media: a major impediment to global health?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2014-06-21">June 21. 2014</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pamela</forename><surname>Das</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">WHO and the media: a major impediment to global health?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">www.thelancet.com</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">383</biblScope>
							<date type="published" when="2014-06-21">June 21. 2014</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.vaccine.2014.04.022</idno>
					<note>2102 On May 19-24, 2014, WHO hosted the sixty-seventh session of the World Health Assembly (WHA) in Geneva, Switzerland. This annual event is a time when senior health offi cials from member states convene to review WHO&apos;s practices and fi nances, and adopt new goals and assign tasks in public health policies. According to the press release at the close of the WHA, more than 20 resolutions on important public health issues were adopted.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WHO and the media: a major impediment to global health?</head><p>inclusion of an adjuvant in the control vaccine, which could induce a non-specifi c immune response, should be avoided if possible. A successful example of this approach is the use of a rabies vaccine as a control in a trial of a malaria vaccine. <ref type="bibr">9</ref> Another approach is phased introduction of a new vaccine that allows comparison of vaccinated and control communities at the same point in time, an approach used successfully to assess a new, licensed serogroup A meningococcal conjugate vaccine in Chad. <ref type="bibr">10</ref> Consideration of the ethics of a placebo-controlled trial after licensure of an eff ective vaccine will probably become a major issue in the next few years for development of malaria vaccines. If the partially eff ective RTS,S/AS01 malaria vaccine is licensed, then will all the novel malaria vaccines under development need to be compared with RTS,S/AS01, or will cheaper and faster placebo-controlled trials be allowed? Similar situations could arise with increasing frequency with the development of improved second-generation and third-generation vaccines against other infections. The Expert Panel has had a valuable role in raising further debate about some of the important ethics issues that trials of such vaccines will create. When asked to comment on why WHO's DirectorGeneral declined requests to meet the press formally, a WHO spokesperson said: "As you know, it has not been normal practice for the Director-General to meet the media during the World Health Assembly. Other members of staff do that on behalf of the Organization, because Dr Chan's own schedule is so packed. This was a particularly intense World Health Assembly, attended by nearly 3500 registered delegates, which passed more than 20 resolutions. The Director-General's daily agenda was a long series of back-to-back meetings of the governing bodies, technical briefi ngs and side events, and meetings requested by Ministers of Health. But WHO is keenly aware of the importance of keeping the media informed about the Health Assembly. We held daily press briefi ngs, facilitated interviews with senior WHO experts, organised topic specifi c briefi ngs, and ensured that guest speakers gave press conferences within the Palais des Nations, as well as live-streaming daily commentary on the proceedings."</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Brian Greenwood</head><p>But there is an unwritten rule between the UN press corps and heads of UN agencies based in Geneva that at least once a year they talk to the press. Since September, 2013, ACANU has had press conferences with the heads of many UN agencies. Beyond the UN family, the Director-General of the World Trade Organization, the President of the International Committee of the Red Cross, and other institutional leaders have also briefed the ACANU in person. Even UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon fi nds time to meet the press when he comes to Geneva. Why should WHO's Director-General be any diff erent?</p><p>These briefi ngs with the press are important because the international media have a responsibility to report properly and accurately. It is vital that they have access to all information sources, especially to key experts and delegates. The head of an organisation that is fi nanced by states has an obligation to speak to the media and is accountable to them. The transparency and credibility of the organisation depends on it. So it is unacceptable that the media were relegated to a position of such unimportance during the WHA, especially at a time when threats to public health are high with the current outbreaks of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus, polio, and Ebola haemorrhagic fever, <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref> just to name a few. A senior UN correspondent told us, "there is a restrictive and increasingly closed door culture that has become a major impediment for reporters covering global public health and humanitarian issues". Furthermore, at a time when WHO is undergoing a period of reform the agency needs to be scrutinised. For example, WHO's engagement with non-state actors, which include the private sector, philanthropic foundations, academia, and non-governmental organisations, continued to be a topic of debate at this year's WHA. <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> Certain parties have called for the need to preserve the integrity of WHO and to ensure transparency in relation to private sector funding. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> In this context, the media have a vital part to play by raising questions about the common practices of the agency and how it is funded, as well as by monitoring the progress of reform.</p><p>We believe Margaret Chan would better serve her organisation by building closer relations with UN correspondents instead of disregarding the press. In terms of public awareness and engagement, the media are important allies to WHO's mission. It is imperative that by the sixty-eighth WHA, in 2015, eff orts to improve the relationship between WHO and the media are made, and the Director-General takes time out of her busy schedule to address the media formally.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>*Pamela Das, Gabriela Sotomayor</head><p>The Lancet, London NW1 7BY, UK (PD); and Association des Correspondants Auprès des Nations Unies, Geneva, Switzerland (GS) pamela.das@lancet.com Following publication of the eff ect of radiotherapy after breast-conserving therapy, 1 the EBCTCG now presents results for postmastectomy radiotherapy in The Lancet. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> The central issue is the role of postmastectomy radiotherapy in patients with one to three involved axillary lymph nodes, which is currently a matter of debate in many countries. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> Whereas the earlier results were essentially confi rmed in this report, <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> we get more insight into the eff ect of the extent of lymph-node involvement, the number of examined axillary lymph nodes, and the use of adjuvant systemic therapy. Overall, postmastectomy radiotherapy improves locoregional disease-free survival, overall disease-free survival, and breast-cancer-specifi c survival for all patients with involvement of axillary lymph nodes, irrespective of the number of involved lymph nodes and of administration of adjuvant systemic therapy. This improvement is not only statistically signifi cant, but also clinically relevant.</p><p>The proportional reductions in rates of recurrence and mortality were independent of the administration of systemic therapy. Whether this fi nding also applies to patients treated with more contemporary regimens remains to be seen. We need to continue evaluating results of the contemporary multidisciplinary approach in breast cancer to better understand the complex interaction between respective contributions of systemic and locoregional treatments to the fi nal outcome, including survival and toxic eff ects. As Punglia and colleagues <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5</ref> pointed out, the contribution of improved locoregional control to survival depends on the eff ectiveness of systemic treatment. Punglia and colleagues' bell-shaped curve, <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5</ref> however, misses the component of metastatic risk of the primary tumour. Combining both, the infl uence of both the eff ectiveness of systemic therapy and metastatic risk of the primary tumour can be used to estimate the GS is President of the Association des Correspondants Auprès des Nations Unies.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Getty</head><label></label><figDesc>Images www.thelancet.com Vol 383 June 21, 2014 Postmastectomy radiation in breast cancer with one to three involved lymph nodes: ending the debate Many trials in breast cancer have investigated various aspects of locoregional and systemic treatments. Combination of the results of these trials in a meticulous meta-analysis, as has been done several times by the Early Breast Cancer Trialists' Collaborative Group (EBCTCG), fi lls the gaps in evidence and knowledge by conclusively showing signifi cant trends and diff erences.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Faculty of Infectious and Tropical Diseases, London School of Hygiene &amp; Tropical Medicine, London WC1E 7HT, UK brian.greenwood@lshtm.ac.uk I declare no competing interests.Sutanto A, Linehan M, et al. Incidence of vaccine-preventable Haemophilus infl uenzae type b pneumonia and meningitis in Indonesian children: hamlet-randomised vaccine-probe trial. Lancet 2005; 365: 43-52. 8 Feikin DR, Scott JA, Gessner BD. Use of vaccines as probes to defi ne disease burden. Lancet 2014; 383: 1762-70. 9 Agnandji ST, Lell B, Soulanoudjingar SS, for the RTS,S Clinical Trials Partnership. First results of phase 3 trial of RTS,S/AS01 malaria vaccine in African children. N Engl J Med 2011; 365: 1863-75. 10 Daugla DM, Gami JP, Gamougam K, et al. Eff ect of a serogroup A</figDesc><table>1 
WHO. Expert consultation on the use of placebos in vaccine trials. 
Geneva: World Health Organization, 2013. 
2 
Rid A, Saxena A, Baqui AH, et al. Placebo use in vaccine trials: 
recommendations of a WHO expert panel. Vaccine 2014; published online 
April 25. DOI:10.1016/j.vaccine.2014.04.022. 
3 
Madhi SA, Cunliff e NA, Steele D, et al. Eff ect of human rotavirus vaccine 
on severe diarrhea in African infants. N Engl J Med 2010; 362: 289-98. 
4 Mulholland K, Hilton S, Adegbola R, et al. Randomised trial of Haemophilus 
infl uenzae type-b tetanus protein conjugate vaccine for prevention of 
pneumonia and meningitis in Gambian infants. Lancet 1997; 
349: 1191-97. 
5 
Klugman KP, Madhi SA, Huebner RE, et al. A trial of a 9-valent 
pneumococcal conjugate vaccine in children with and those without HIV 
infection. N Engl J Med 2003; 349: 134-48. 
6 Cutts FT, Zaman SM, Enwere G, et al. Effi cacy of a nine-valent 
pneumococcal conjugate vaccine against pneumonia and invasive 
pneumococcal disease in The Gambia: randomised, double-blind, placebo 
controlled trial. Lancet 2005; 365: 1139-46. 
7 
Gessner BD, meningococcal conjugate vaccine (PsA-TT) on serogroup A 
meningococcal meningitis and carriage in Chad: a community study. 
Lancet 2014; 383: 40-47. Comment 

www.thelancet.com Vol 383 June 21, 2014 
2103 

available for interviews on WHO's daily digital event 
World Health+SocialGood. 
</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Patients in the left part of the slope have high-risk disease without eff ective systemic therapy and are not expected to benefi t from improving locoregional treatments. For patients in the right part of the slope, treatment deintensifi cation (surgery, radiation, or systemic therapy) might be appropriate. The middle group will represent most past and current patients with breast cancer, for whom an optimum multidisciplinary approach results in the greatest benefi t.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Health Assembly closes, news release</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Who</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>World</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2014/WHA-20140524/en/(accessedMay28" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05-24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Special report-Saudi Arabia takes heat for spread of MERS virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kelland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Iran confi rms fi rst two cases of MERS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Moghtader</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/05/27/uk-health-mers-iran-idINKBN0E70XQ20140527" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05-27" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed May 28</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">WHO statement on the meeting of the International Health Regulations Emergency Committee concerning the international spread of wild poliovirus</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/statements/2014/polio-20140505/en/(accessedMay28" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Africa Ebola outbreak still spreading, &quot;situation serious&quot;: WHO. Reuters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Nebehay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Samb</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/05/28/us-ebola-westafrica-idINKBN0E81IQ20140528?feedType=RSS&amp;feedName=health&amp;utm_source=dlvr.it&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;dlvrit=309303" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed May 28</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Sixty-seventh World Health Assembly Provisional agenda item 11.1. WHO reform: progress report on reform implementation</title>
		<ptr target="http://apps.who.int/gb/ebwha/pdf_files/WHA67/A67_4-en.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-05-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Report by the Director-General. accessed May 28</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">What&apos;s the World Health Organization for? Final report from the Centre on Global Health Security Working Group on Health Governance. London: Chatham House/The Royal Institute of International Aff airs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Clift</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.chathamhouse.org/sites/default/files/home/chatham/public_html/sites/default/files/20140521WHOHealthGovernanceClift.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>accessed May 28</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
