<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:01+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<title level="a" type="main"></title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>P E R S P E C T I V E S</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>. However, simple selection for the improvement of one specific trait is uncommon: several traits are usually combined into an overall economic merit <ref type="bibr">SELECTION INDEX 10</ref> . Sophisticated statistical and computing tools now enhance conventional genetic selection, nevertheless traits such as fertility and disease resistance remain difficult to measure and improve.</p><p>Marker-assisted selection. Unfortunately, phenotype is an imperfect predictor of the breeding value of an individual because, for example, it could be gender specific or manifest after the selection phase (the age at which selection decisions are made) in the breeding life of an animal. Also, phenotype is poor at resolving negative associations between genes that are caused, for example, by epistasis, in which the activity of one gene locus is negatively modulated by another. Selection on the basis of DNA markers offers a way round some of these limitations, as DNA markers can be tested at any age and can be measured in either gender.</p><p>During the 1990s there was a concerted effort to physically map regions of the genome that control production traits and to define QUANTITATIVE TRAIT LOCI (QTLs). The idea behind this was that it would allow selection on the basis of an animal's genotype rather than its phenotype -a process known as marker-assisted selection <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11</ref> . This was seen as a prelude to isolating the genes that underpin quantitative traits. The initial low-resolution maps <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> that are available, with one marker per million bases, are now being refined by breeding studies <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14</ref> . As more complete DNA sequences become available for some of these species over the next few years this process will undoubtedly accelerate.</p><p>proof-of-principle studies have been carried out, but the commercial application of this technology is still non-existent. Here we discuss the reasons for this disappointing outcome. We contrast transgenic strategies that have been used to improve performance with the tried and tested selective breeding regimes that have been used during the past 70 years. We propose that two recent developments are set to stimulate a resurgence of interest in the generation and use of transgenic livestock. First, lentivirus vectors offer the possibility of producing transgenic livestock far more efficiently and cost effectively <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> . Second, by combining the use of these new vectors with the rapidly developing methods that are based on RNA interference (RNAi) to suppress the expression of specific genes <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> , we anticipate the development of innovative techniques that will further our understanding of gene function in livestock species and potentially generate farm animals that are less susceptible to infectious disease.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Selective genetic improvement</head><p>Ever since animals were first domesticated a few thousand years ago we have been indirectly genetically modifying these species for our own purposes through selection. To a large extent, the differences between today's livestock and their progenitors are testament to how successful this programme of selective improvement has been. Until relatively recently this form of genetic improvement was carried out without any knowledge of the mechanisms underlying it. Animals were selected on the basis of their observable phenotype. With the advent of molecular tools</p><p>The techniques that are used to generate transgenic livestock are inefficient and expensive. This, coupled with the fact that most agriculturally relevant traits are complex and controlled by more than one gene, has restricted the use of transgenic technology. New methods for modifying the genome will underpin a resurgence of research using transgenic livestock. This will not only increase our understanding of basic biology in commercial species, but might also lead to the generation of animals that are more resistant to infectious disease.</p><p>Transgenic animals carry a segment of foreign DNA -the transgene -that is inserted into their germline and is inherited in a Mendelian fashion. The production of the first transgenic livestock was reported in 1985 <ref type="bibr">(REF. 1)</ref> and much has happened in the intervening years (TIMELINE). The technique used then was pronuclear injection <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> , which allowed only random introduction of new DNA sequences into the genome. More recently, nuclear transfer techniques have been adapted to allow more precise modifications of the genome, such as the disruption of specific endogenous genes <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> . Although transgenic livestock have had a high profile, the practical use of these animals has been limited and restricted to medical applications, such as producing pharmaceutical proteins in milk, rather than the agricultural applications that were originally envisioned. Nonetheless, there have been considerable efforts to improve the transgenic technology that was first developed to advance livestock production. Many P E R S P E C T I V E S also segregate in commercial populations and are not fixed. QTLs have been identified for several livestock species and marker-assisted selection is now used in commercial livestock breeding programmes alongside conventional selection <ref type="bibr" target="#b37">18</ref> .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Transgenic livestock</head><p>Although robust and successful, conventional breeding is limited, because animals produced by mating selected individuals are a genetic mixture of their parents. Unknown or undesirable traits can inadvertently be co-selected. In addition, only those genetic loci that are present in the parents can be selected, which limits the range and extent of genetic improvement. Gene addition through the use of transgenic technology has the potential to overcome these limitations.</p><p>Pro-nuclear injection. Since the production of the first genetically modified livestock was reported in 1985 (REF. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1)</ref> there has been a series of new developments in the field (TIMELINE). Pro-nuclear injection, a technique that was developed in the mouse <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> , involves the direct introduction of a DNA construct into one of the two PRO-NUCLEI of the fertilized egg. This was the technique used to produce the early transgenic livestock <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(FIG. 1a)</ref>. However, the efficiency of this method is low and usually only 3-5% of the animals born as a result carry the transgene <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">19</ref> . The first attempts to genetically modify livestock owed much to pioneering experiments in mice, in which the introduction of a growth hormone gene markedly increased the growth rate and final size of the animals <ref type="bibr" target="#b39">20</ref> . By contrast, initial attempts to apply the same approaches in livestock were not as successful. Transgenic pigs carrying human growth crosses. For example, a cross between Chinese Meishan and European Large White pigs, which show marked differences in their fatness and litter size, has been used to search for pig QTLs <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16</ref> . However, although it was shown that QTLs could be identified in farm animals, it was predicted that QTLs such as those for fatness and litter size would have already been fixed for the desirable alleles in breeding populations and so there would be no variation for the breeder to select <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">17</ref> . Interestingly, some QTLs that have been identified, including the fat QTL on pig chromosome 4 (REF. <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">17</ref>), These initial mapping efforts initiated a more widespread hunt for the QTLs that underpin agricultural traits. Initially there was an intense debate about how useful this would be, because conventional genetic selection assumes that an infinite number of unlinked genes that have small effects control the production traits <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15</ref> . The problem was that to identify QTLs, the genes that underlie them must have moderate or large effects. Initial QTL mapping efforts used experimental crosses between breeds that were known to show large phenotypic differences -so-called 'extreme'</p><p>First transgenic livestock produced 1 .</p><p>High-level production of a pharmaceutical in milk achieved <ref type="bibr" target="#b46">27</ref> .</p><p>First evidence that animal biopharms could work <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">24</ref> .</p><p>Transgenic pigs that express human growth hormone suffer health problems <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">21</ref> .</p><p>First attempt at engineering disease resistance in transgenic livestock <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">22</ref> .</p><p>Generation of pigs that express human complement inhibitors <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">91</ref> .</p><p>Development of livestock species as model for human disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b33">94</ref> .</p><p>Transgenic attempt to improve wool production in sheep <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">92</ref> .</p><p>Nuclear transfer developed: offers potential of gene targeting in livestock <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> .</p><p>Transgenic livestock produced to address environmental issues <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">95</ref>   This sparked the fear that xenotransplants might lead to the creation of recombinant viruses with unknown ZOONOTIC effects. These concerns, coupled with the excitement over human stem-cell technology as a way of providing human tissue (albeit not solid organs) for transplantation, have lead to a significant reduction in the research effort into xenotransplantation during the past few years.</p><p>Gene targeting. Pro-nuclear injection enables only the random addition of genes to the germline. It does not allow the precise modification of the germline that is required for the specific deletion or modification of endogenous genes. A high proportion of transgenic lines that pro-nuclear injection generates do not efficiently express transgenes because of silencing effects at the site of integration <ref type="bibr" target="#b50">31</ref> . Considering the cost of generating transgenic livestock, the ability to target transgene hormone genes had only a slightly enhanced growth rate and reduced levels of fat, and these animals suffered from widespread deleterious effects, including susceptibility to stress, lameness and reduced fertility <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">21</ref> . Attempts to use transgenic techniques to improve livestock resistance to viral infection were also unsuccessful <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">22</ref> . So, in terms of modifying livestock for agricultural purposes, many of the early expectations were not realized. Several factors were responsible for this lack of success: the two main problems were the difficulties of modifying very complex traits that are controlled by several genes and of INTROGRESSING transgenes into large populations <ref type="bibr" target="#b42">23</ref> . In contrast to the undoubted efficacy of conventional genetic selection, which delivers sustained improvements year-on-year,transgenic strategies for genetic improvement have simply not delivered. Explicitly put, no transgenic livestock have been generated that were deemed worthy of incorporation into livestock breeding regimes.</p><p>However, new uses of transgenic livestock, particularly in human medicine, have continued to attract research funding. One such use was the expression of proteins with potential therapeutic applications in the milk of livestock species, with a view to developing these transgenic livestock as 'biopharms' <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b44">[25]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">[26]</ref> . In some cases very high levels of expression have been achieved. For example 'Tracy' the transgenic sheep produced more than 30 g/l of human protease inhibitor α1-antitrypsin in her milk <ref type="bibr" target="#b46">27</ref> . Large amounts of this protein are needed to treat people who have emphysema and can potentially alleviate some of the symptoms that are associated with cystic fibrosis, and large-scale expression by transgenic biopharms is perhaps the only way α1-antitrypsin can be produced cost effectively (see also the article by Ma et al. in this issue). Nevertheless, even though this use of transgenic livestock has been in development for over a decade, at present only one protein (antithrombin-III) produced in this way is in late clinical trials. Although the biopharming approach seems feasible, the financial commitment required during the protracted development phase has halted many attempts at commercial exploitation. Over the past few years several commercial ventures have withdrawn from transgenic biopharming for various, usually financial, reasons. So, even though much of the groundwork has been done it is unclear what the future holds for this use of transgenic livestock.</p><p>During the 1990s another possible medical use of genetically modified animals -as a source of organs for transplantationbecame the focus of research. A worldwide shortage of donor organs for transplant surgery chanelled the enthusiasm for transgenic research into ways of allowing transplantation between species (xenotranplantation). As the pig shares several anatomical and physiological features with humans it became the focus of much of this research. However, pig tissues are immunologically incompatible with humans: pig xenotransplants provoke a rapid, COMPLEMENT-based HYPERACUTE REJECTION (HAR) response that destroys the transplanted tissue <ref type="bibr" target="#b47">28</ref> . Several transgenic approaches have been developed to overcome this rejection, including the production of transgenic pigs expressing human decay accelerating factor (DAF) to reduce complement activity by restricting complement 3/complement 5 activation <ref type="bibr" target="#b48">29</ref> . However, serious concerns were raised about the safety of xenotransplantation when it was shown that pig RETROVIRUSES could jump species and replicate in human cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b49">30</ref> . . Only a small proportion of the injected eggs will yield a transgenic founder animal, which is usually identified by Southern blotting after birth. b | Embryonic stem (ES) cells are only available in mice and, so far, this technology is limited to this species <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">37</ref> . DNA manipulation occurs in the ES cells before embryo manipulation and might involve random gene addition or gene targeting <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">35</ref> . The modified ES cells, which are identified by Southern blotting, are injected into a host blastocyst that will develop to form a chimaera that consists of both host and ES cells. Only chimeric mice in which the germline has arisen from the modified ES cells can become the founder of a transgenic line. c | Nuclear transfer 3,4 from cultured cells has been achieved in several livestock species including sheep, pigs, cattle, goats, mules and horses, as well as mice and rabbits. The genetic modifications are carried out in the cultured cells before nuclear transfer. Nuclei from the modified cells are transferred to an enucleated oocyte by cell fusion before their development in recipient animals. The process can yield several identical transgenic clones. This technology has been used to add new DNA sequences <ref type="bibr" target="#b95">76</ref> and for gene-targeting strategies strategy in the future <ref type="bibr" target="#b62">43</ref> . Another problem is that the stringent selection and extended in vitro culture that are required for targeting somatic cells might reduce their developmental potential <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">44</ref> , which compounds the low efficiency of nuclear transfer. Furthermore, to achieve the phenotype both alleles must be deleted. At present, it is only possible to target one gene in vitro and so homozygous nulls must be generated by crossing independently generated male and female clones, or by retargeting and recloning. Recently, the generation of piglets with both copies of the α(1,3)galactosyltransferase gene knocked out has been described <ref type="bibr" target="#b64">45</ref> , but, unexpectedly, homozygous knockout pig fibroblasts generated by another research group seem to express low levels of the gal antigen <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">46</ref> .</p><formula xml:id="formula_0">NATURE REVIEWS | GENETICS VOLUME 4 | OCTOBER</formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Emerging technology</head><p>Both pro-nuclear injection and nuclear transfer are inefficient methods for modifying livestock germlines. In addition, the introgression programme that is required for these methods, which is based on repeated backcrossing, results in a loss of selection for other traits. The result is that the benefit of the transgene must substantially exceed what could be achieved by conventional selection during the introgression period, which is estimated at 10% of the overall economic merit <ref type="bibr" target="#b42">23</ref> . As a consequence, these methods have primarily been used for biomedical rather than agricultural applications. For example, although it is possible to generate animals lacking a copy of the scrapieresistance gene PrP it is difficult to imagine how this could be introgressed and maintained in the homozygous state in large populations. In this case homozygosity of the transgene is crucial, because studies of knockout mice show that deletion of both PrP copies is required to create a scrapie-resistant animal <ref type="bibr" target="#b66">47</ref> . So, to protect populations of livestock from scrapie most animals would have to be homozygous. Even if this were possible, complex strategies would need to be implemented to avoid INBREEDING DEPRESSION, and such breeding programmes would certainly reduce the overall productivity of the animals. However, emerging technologies could soon revolutionize the scope and efficiency of the genetic modification of livestock. This, in turn, could allow the widespread application of transgenic technologies to modify the agriculturally significant characteristics of livestock.</p><p>There have been numerous recent developments in animal transgenesis. Some, such as sperm-mediated gene transfer, are appealing but still lack the robust nature that is needed to attract more general interest <ref type="bibr" target="#b67">48</ref> , particularly as there were doubts about whether this method The advent of cloning by nuclear transfer from somatic cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> offered an alternative to pro-nuclear injection and ES cells. Endogenous genes in somatic cells can be targeted by homologous recombination in much the same way that this is done in mouse ES cells. In cloning experiments, nuclei can be transferred from these targeted cells to enucleated oocytes <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(FIG. 1c)</ref>. The first report of a cloning strategy being used to generate transgenic livestock described the replacement of the sheep collagen gene with an expression cassette designed to target expression of human factor IX to milk <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">38</ref> . The second generated a lamb carrying a disruption of the PrP gene <ref type="bibr" target="#b58">39</ref>  <ref type="figure" target="#fig_2">(FIG. 2)</ref>, which determines resistance to scrapie and bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE). Livestock that are resistant to this type of disease could be of particular importance in situations in which human therapeutic proteins, such as blood clotting factors, are produced in animals. More recently, pigs that have a deletion of the α(1,3)galactosyltransferase gene, which determines a principal cell-surface xenoepitope, have been generated <ref type="bibr" target="#b59">40,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b60">41</ref> . This epitope is a primary target of a natural antibody, and so is a key determinant in HAR <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">42</ref> . Animals lacking this gene do not synthesize the epitope and should have a reduced HAR response.</p><p>The few successes that have been reported for the nuclear transfer approach highlight just how technically demanding it is. The low survival rate of animals generated by nuclear transfer technology is one of the problems that must be addressed if it is to be a commercially viable integration to selected sites that are permissive for expression would be an advantage. There are also several endogenous genes, such as the prion protein (PrP) and α(1,3)galactosyltransferase genes, the deletion of which is predicted to yield unique, useful phenotypes in livestock (see below).</p><p>The techniques for knocking out genes in the mouse were established during the 1980s (for example, see <ref type="bibr">REF. 32</ref>; for a review, see <ref type="bibr">REF. 33)</ref> and they have revolutionized modern biology, allowing the direct assessment of gene function in vivo <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">33,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b53">34</ref> . This technology is now very sophisticated: genes can be knocked out in specific tissues <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">35</ref> and single-base-pair mutations can be introduced into a selected gene <ref type="bibr" target="#b55">36</ref> . Endogenous genes are targeted by homologous recombination in totipotent embryonic stem (ES) cells in culture. These cells are then reintroduced into the early embryo to colonize the tissues of the developing mouse <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(FIG. 1b)</ref>. In a proportion of these mice the gene is knocked out in the germline and breeding from these will easily produce mouse strains that carry the knockout allele. Unfortunately, despite intensive efforts, this technology is limited to the mouse, as no germline-competent ES cells have been described for any other mammalian species <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">37</ref> . The reason for this lack of success is unclear and certainly does not reflect the efforts that have been directed towards this goal for over a decade. In some quarters there is hope that by using the experiences gained from the isolation and maintenance of human ES cells new efforts to generate ruminant ES cells might be more productive. Subsequently the RISC degrades the target mRNA <ref type="bibr" target="#b76">57</ref> . These siRNAs are too small to activate the mammalian interferon-mediated antiviral response that is associated with long dsRNAs, although this matter is now the subject of debate <ref type="bibr" target="#b77">[58]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b78">[59]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b79">[60]</ref> . This technique has been used to functionally analyse genes in mammalian cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b80">[61]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b81">[62]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b82">[63]</ref> . For example, siRNA knockdown of DNA methyltransferase-1 resulted in cell growth arrest <ref type="bibr" target="#b83">64</ref> , whereas knockdown of p53 prevented the p53-dependent cell arrest that is induced by ionizing radiation <ref type="bibr" target="#b84">65</ref> . Gene constructs initiated and terminated at specific nucleotides using a polymerase-III promoter and designed to form a short hairpin (sh)RNA enable the stable expression of siRNA-like transcripts</p><p>65-67 . Importantly, these types of construct constitutively suppress target-gene expression in transgenic mice <ref type="bibr" target="#b87">68</ref> .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Future horizons</head><p>There are now methods that will markedly increase the efficiency of generating transgenic livestock and knockdown the expression of specific genes. Transgenic mice carrying lentivectors that express siRNAs have recently been reported, proving that these techniques can be combined <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">69</ref> . This approach <ref type="bibr">(BOX 3)</ref> is an obvious one to develop for use with livestock.</p><p>worked at all when it was first published <ref type="bibr" target="#b68">49</ref> . Another impressive technical step forward has been the use of an artificial chromosome to genetically modify cattle <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">50</ref> . However, there are still technical challenges to overcome before artificial chromosomes can be used routinely as transgene vectors. The use of chemicals to introduce mutations into the germline is another innovative approach to genetic modification. However, although N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea (ENU) mutagenesis is a powerful experimental tool it will probably be limited to use in model species <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">51</ref> , especially if the regulatory authorities require that each mutation be fully characterized.</p><p>In our opinion, the most encouraging development with respect to the genetic modification of livestock is the use of viral vectors, particularly those based on lentiviruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> . These new vectors -lentivectors -seem to offer a solution to present limitations through marked increases in the efficiency of transgene delivery that should be generally applicable. We propose that combining this technology with the emerging technique of RNAi <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> presents new and exciting opportunities for livestock transgenesis. <ref type="bibr" target="#b71">52</ref> and as transgene-delivery vehicles in livestock <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">53</ref> . However, safety issues, problems with transgene expression and the constraint that oncoretroviruses only integrate into dividing cells have limited the development of this type of retroviral vector. More recently there has been considerable interest in developing REPLICATION-DEFECTIVE lentiviruses (a specialized retrovirus) as vectors <ref type="bibr">(BOX 1)</ref> for gene-therapy applications <ref type="bibr" target="#b73">54,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b74">55</ref> , as they seem to overcome some of these limitations. Two groups recently showed that these lentivectors can efficiently introduce foreign DNA into the mouse germline <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> . This approach is so efficient (partially owing to the inherent ability of lentiviral DNA to integrate into the genome without a requirement for host-cell DNA replication) that 80-100% of the mouse pups born were transgenic. There is no reason why these efficiencies will not be the same for livestock. To put this in context, in previous studies using pronuclear injection about 70 sheep were required to make just 1 transgenic founder <ref type="bibr" target="#b75">56</ref> . By contrast, using lentivectors in combination with in vitro matured and fertilized oocytes, we estimate that as few as five animals will be required! Versatile vectors that are able to infect many vertebrate species can be generated through appropriate PSEUDOTYPING, for example, with vesicular stomatis virus G (VSV-G). So, these should be applicable to livestock species. An even more appealing aspect of these new vectors is the simplicity of their delivery. Lentivectors can be delivered by injection into the PERIVITELLINE SPACE of the fertilized egg or, after removal of the ZONA PELLUCIDA, by simply incubating DENUDED EGGS in a viral solution <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> . So, no specialized equipment is required, which would be another big advantage of developing the same technology for livestock species.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Lentivectors. Oncoretoviruses, such as Maloney murine leukaemia virus, have been used as vectors in gene therapy</head><p>RNAi. Recently, a revolutionary new technology that is based on RNAi has been developed to specifically knock down gene expression <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> . RNAi has been recognized as a principal mechanism of post-transcriptional gene silencing in Caenorhabditis elegans, Drosophilia and plants <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> . RNAi is sequencespecific and works by silencing endogenous gene expression after the introduction of homologous double-stranded (ds)RNAs. The Dicer-RDE-1 (RNAi defective/argonaute-1) complex processes the exogenous dsRNA into small RNAs (guide RNAs or small interfering (si)RNAs) of 21-25 nucleotides. These siRNAs associate with RISC (the RNAinduced silencing complex) and the antisense strand then guides this complex to bind to mRNA in a sequence-specific manner. .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>NATURE REVIEWS | GENETICS</head><p>www.nature.com/reviews/genetics P E R S P E C T I V E S (RSV), a NEGATIVE-STRAND RNA VIRUS, resulted in decreased mRNA expression <ref type="bibr" target="#b93">74</ref> . Over two thirds of the OFFICE INTERNATIONAL DES EPIZOOTIES (OIE) list-A pathogens are RNA viruses. These list-A pathogens include foot and mouth disease, classic swine fever and fowl plague, all of which have caused significant recent outbreaks of disease. The feasibility of this approach in general has already been tested in cells for other viruses, including human immunodeficieny virus (HIV) <ref type="bibr" target="#b82">63,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b94">75,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b95">76</ref> , hepatitis <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">77</ref> and polio <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">78</ref> . An alternative strategy would be to target host genes. In pigs, aminopeptidase N is the primary receptor for the transmissible gastroenteritis CORONAVIRUS <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">79</ref> . Knocking down expression of the gene that encodes this receptor could reduce viral infectivity and enhance resistance, although this strategy might suffer from unpredictable pleiotropic effects.</p><p>We anticipate the generation of transgenic animals that constitutively express siRNAs targeting the knockdown of a pathogenic virus and/or its transcription products, thereby engineering cellular resistance to infection <ref type="figure" target="#fig_7">(FIG. 3)</ref>. RNAi is sequence specific and so overexpressing siRNAs against the viral genome should not affect any host gene functions. There are many unknowns that will need to be resolved to realize such a goal. For example, what will unpredictable PLEIOTROPIC effects, reminiscent of those early problems encountered by introducing and overexpressing biologically active genes using conventional pro-nuclear injection <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">21</ref> . Nevertheless, this approach will be very useful in evaluating the function of known genes and candidate genes that are identified from gene-mapping studies. However, it is unlikely that this approach will be used for livestock improvement in the near future. It will take both a better understanding of the genomes of livestock, with the anticipated increase in candidate genes to choose from, and a major practical success before transgenic technology seriously challenges genetic improvement of livestock through selection for most conventional traits.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Engineering resistance to infectious disease.</head><p>Gene knockdown could also be applied to suppressing infectious pathogens, particularly viruses, by targeting the RNA of the invading agent. RNA viruses are possibly best suited to this approach, as theoretically both the genomic and the transcribed strands can be targeted, so it should be possible to interfere simultaneously with replication and expression. For example, the use of siRNAs against mRNAs from respiratory syncitial virus Enhancing production characteristics. Lentivectors could be used to generate gain-or loss-of-function phenotypes in livestock. In light of the developments in RNAi technology, we have focused our discussion on the loss-offunction applications in livestock. There are several target genes that if knocked down might be expected to enhance production traits. For example, knockdown of myostatin, which is known to inhibit lean-muscle growth <ref type="bibr" target="#b89">70,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b90">71</ref> , could be achieved in cattle. Furthermore, after nearly 20 years work modifying the mouse genome there is now a wealth of candidate genes, the modulation of which might be expected to affect production traits in livestock. For example, deletion of the highgrowth gene, identified as Socs2 <ref type="bibr">(REF. 72)</ref>, is known to generate mice with increased postnatal growth. The deletion of Socs1 in mice enhances mammary gland development <ref type="bibr" target="#b92">73</ref> and, therefore, possibly milk production. As well as knocking down genes that are known to be related to production characteristics, it is also anticipated that QTL research in livestock will require the use of transgenic knockdown technology to confirm candidate gene function.</p><p>Even though such modifications can now be contemplated, the manipulation of key genes will almost certainly suffer from</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Glossary</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>COMPLEMENT SYSTEM</head><p>A protein system in the blood that, combined with the antibody response, forms a defence against cellular antigens.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CORONAVIRUS</head><p>A single virus genus, so called because of the club-shaped surface spike proteins that cause their halo-or corona-shaped appearance under the microscope. The recent high-profile outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) was caused by a coronavirus.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DENUDED EGGS</head><p>Eggs that have had their zona pellucida removed by chemical or enzymatic action. These eggs can remain viable, and full development of the fetus and resulting animal is possible. HYPERACUTE REJECTION (HAR). An immediate immune reaction to the presence of foreign tissue that is primarily mediated by naturally occurring antibodies that activate the complement system.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INBREEDING DEPRESSION</head><p>The decrease in vigour that accompanies a programme of breeding within a restricted gene pool.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTROGRESSION</head><p>The incorporation of a genetic locus or loci from one genotype into the gene pool of another.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>NEGATIVE-STRAND RNA VIRUS</head><p>Any virus that contains a negative-strand (antisense) RNA template from which mRNA can be directly generated. An example of a negative-strand RNA virus is the influenza virus.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>OFFICE INTERNATIONAL DES EPIZOOTIES</head><p>(OIE). An intergovernmental organization that was established in 1924 to collate information on significant infectious diseases. The OIE develops normative documents that relate to the rules that member countries can use to protect themselves from diseases, without setting up unjustified sanitary barriers.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PERIVITELLINE SPACE</head><p>The fluid-filled region between the surface of the fertilized egg and the fertilization membrane (zona pellucida).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PLEIOTROPIC</head><p>A gene or mutation that has many effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PRO-NUCLEI</head><p>Haploid nuclei that result from meiosis. The female pro-nucleus is the nucleus of the ovum prior; the male pro-nucleus is the nucleus of the sperm. The two pro-nuclei fuse in the fertilized egg.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>PSEUDOTYPING</head><p>The exchange of virus surface spike proteins from one virus to another. In this way the tissue and/or cell specificity of the virus can be changed. For example, psuedotyping with the vesicularstomatis virus G (VSV-G) protein enables a virus to infect a range of cells from all livestock species, particularly the early embryo.</p><p>QUANTITATIVE TRAIT LOCI (QTLs). Genetic loci or chromosomal regions that contribute to the variability in complex quantitative traits (such as body weight), as identified by statistical analysis. Quantitative traits are typically affected by several genes and the environment.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RETROVIRUS</head><p>An RNA-containing oncogenic virus that encodes an RNA-dependent DNA polymerase, reverse transcriptase. Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is an example of a retrovirus. <ref type="bibr">REPLICATION DEFECTIVE</ref> In the context of a virus, this a copy of the virus genome that has been mutated such that it cannot replicate in a host cell. Experimentally, this is engineered by the deletion of key genes from the viral genome; the resulting vector usually remains able to undergo one round of infection. This can be the basis for a viral vector.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SELECTION INDEX</head><p>The purpose of animal breeding is to genetically improve the economic merit of livestock. Usually many traits (5-30), for example milk yield and disease resistance, are grouped under economic merit measure. Selection on these traits is weighted in a selection index rather than on profit directly.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SEROTYPES</head><p>A group of microorganisms including viruses that can be grouped together on the basis of serology criteria, namely the antigens than they contain.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ZONA PELLUCIDA</head><p>The outer jelly-like membrane of a fertilized egg.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ZOONOTIC</head><p>A disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans. the viral terminal repeat elements. Driven by the need for safer gene-therapy vectors, the residual terminal repeat sequences in the self-inactivating (SIN) vectors that are available at present have a severely impaired transcriptional and recombination potential <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">83,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">84</ref> .</p><p>Other technical difficulties present opportunities. Founder transgenic animals might carry numerous copies of the lentivector and this will require extensive breeding to resolve lines with a single integrated copy. However, be the most effective shRNA structure and what level of expression will be required to suppress the replication and/or expression of a particular virus to block infection? Will it be possible to co-express siRNAs to improve efficiency, protect against different viral SEROTYPES or to cover the eventuality of escape mutants? One report indicates that double knockdown of two genes can be accomplished <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">80</ref> , but another indicates that there might be competition between two targets, which suggests that the RNAi machinery might be limiting <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">37</ref> . In the study targeting RSV, the knockdown of viral mRNA was achieved in the absence of any effect on the full-length RNA genome <ref type="bibr" target="#b93">74</ref> , which indicates that in some cases the viral genome might be inaccessible owing to its association with other proteins or sequestered in cellular domains at which siRNA cannot function.</p><p>One possible concern is that, rather than being completely resistant, the genetically engineered animals could have a persistent but asymptomatic infection, shed virus and function as a reservoir for infection. It is difficult to imagine how such animals could live side by side with unprotected animals, for example, in countries where there is a slaughter policy for that particular disease. This, however, would not be a problem in countries where the disease was already endemic and where there would be clear benefits from the introduction and introgression of resistant genotypes.</p><p>If lentivectors are to have the impact we predict several significant technical hurdles need to be overcome <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">81,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">82</ref> . One of these hurdles is the potential effect that transgene insertion can have on the expression of endogenous genes. Retroviral integration is a largely random event and so it could lead to the alteration of the expression of a gene that is at or close to the insertion site, either by direct insertional mutagenesis or through transcriptional interference from NATURE REVIEWS | GENETICS VOLUME   <ref type="figure">, part a)</ref>. siRNAs can be generated from long double-stranded (ds)RNA by a complex that includes the enzyme Dicer 7 (see <ref type="figure">figure, part b)</ref>. Sequence-specific mRNA degradation occurs in protein-RNA complexes that are known as RNA-induced silencing complexes (RISC)</p><p>57 (see <ref type="figure">figure, part c)</ref>. As an experimental tool siRNAs can be synthesized and administered to target cells in culture by transfection. This is extremely efficient and 90% knockdown can be achieved. Alternatively, stable expression can be achieved through the use of a polymerase-III promoter vector that directs expression of short hairpin (sh)RNA <ref type="bibr" target="#b84">65,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b85">66</ref> . In shRNAs, two 19-nucleotide strands of an active siRNA are linked together by a few (~9) nucleotides. This structure is engineered downstream of polymerase-III promotor and upstream of a run of 5 T-residues. Transcription from the polymerase-III promoter gives rise to an shRNA terminated after the second U to generate a 2-bp UU overhang at the 3′ end. This molecule is processed by Dicer to function as an siRNA and the antisense strand is used by RISC to guide sequence-specific mRNA cleavage, so promoting mRNA degradation (see <ref type="figure">figure, part c)</ref>.</p><p>The expression of shRNAs from polymerase-III promoters should allow the widespread knockdown of target genes. The challenge now is to generate tissue-restricted siRNA expression patterns and inducible gene-knockdown expression systems <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">88,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b28">89</ref> . Reproduced with permission from REF. which GM concerns will need to be balanced against the consequences of outbreaks of infectious diseases in livestock populations. For example, if allowing GM livestock could prevent the mass slaughter of animals and the environmental consequences associated with the disposal of millions of carcases, seen recently during the foot and mouth outbreak in the United Kingdom, it might well be seen as the lesser of two evils. Furthermore, infectious diseases in animals are seen to be increasingly relevant to human health. For example, the recent outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARs) highlighted the problem of devastating zoonotic infections that can arise from domesticated species such as pigs and chickens. Would there be general acceptance of transgenic technology if it could be applied to engineering resistance to influenza in poultry and therefore lessen the risk of an influenza epidemic, such as the one in 1918 that killed more than 20 million people? of transgene expression in livestock. Although the use of lentivectors to deliver transgenes will be restricted to relatively small genes, this does underline their potential as vectors to deliver siRNA constructs.</p><p>The genetic modification debate. The safety of products that are derived from transgenic livestock is of concern to the public and will also be a key consideration in the application of these emerging technologies. No doubt serious concerns will be raised with regard to the use of viral vectors to engineer livestock that is destined for human consumption. Lentivectors are being developed for human gene therapy <ref type="bibr" target="#b73">54</ref> and so they are already undergoing extensive safety testing, particularly with respect to their replication-defective nature. Nevertheless, the public will need to be assured that this is a robust and safe technology.</p><p>The issue of 'release', in particular the inadvertent transmission of transgenes to wild varieties that has dogged the genetically modified (GM) plant debate <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">85</ref> (see also the article by Stewart et al. in this issue) should not pose a problem for livestock. In many parts of the world there are no wild populations of agricultural species. Also, it is much easier to keep gene flow within the agricultural population in animals than it is in plants. In animals it is a matter of confining the population, whereas in plants genes can be introgressed through indirect means such as pollen transfer. In livestock, an exception to this is farmed fish, for which there are substantial and much debated risks of gene flow to wild populations <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">86,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">87</ref> . In Europe, GM issues revolve around need and trust, and there are several nongovernmental organizations leading the anti-GM debate. By contrast, there has been a greater tendency to accept GM in the United States, and in many developing countries it is issues relating to trade that are often uppermost in the public's mind. There are also keenly held ethical views about GM animals. Many people accept the benefits of using transgenic animals for the production of human therapeutic proteins, although this view is by no means universal. By contrast (and in Europe particularly), even if GM could deliver improvements in animal productivity, such as feed efficiency or food quality, this use of the technology might not be politically acceptable because of public concerns about GM organisms. Given this backdrop, if it does become possible to create GM animals that are innately resistant to diseases, such as foot and mouth or swine fever, it is difficult to gauge what the future attitude of the consumer would be. This will be a debate in commercially this could be seen as an advantage as many lines will be generated from each founder animal. Lentivectors can only transport a limited amount of genetic material, probably less than 10kb. This might limit the size of transcriptional promoter and/or coding sequence that can be incorporated, and this raises issues about the level and specificity After in vitro culture the infected early stage embryos are transferred into recipients. After gestation, founder transgenic animals are born (e) and they can be tested for resistance.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 1 |</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1 | Different routes for germline modification. a | Pro-nuclear injection involves the introduction of the DNA construct into the fertilized egg, which is then transferred to a recipient female 1,2,21,24</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>.</head><label></label><figDesc>Modified with permission from REF. 90 © (2000) Kluwer Academic.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head>Figure 2 |</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Figure 2 | Targeted gene deletion in sheep. Nuclear transfer from a primary sheep fibroblast, in which one copy of the prion protein gene (PrP) had been disrupted through gene targeting by homologous recombination, generated the lamb shown 39 .</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head>VOLUME 4 |</head><label>4</label><figDesc>OCTOBERLentivectors Lentiviruses are a class of retrovirus 81 that cause chronic illnesses in the host organism that they infect. Members of this group of viruses include the Visna/maedi virus of sheep, equine infectious anaemia virus (AIEV) of horses and the immunodeficiency viruses of cattle, cats and man (BIV, FIV and HIV, respectively). Like other retroviruses, lentiviruses target their host cells through their envelope proteins. They fuse with the cell membrane, and when the viral RNA is in the cytoplasm it is converted through a virus-contained reverse-transcriptase polymerase into a DNA intermediate. This DNA molecule then integrates into the host-cell genome through its long terminal repeat (LTR) sequences. A distinguishing property of lentiviruses is their ability to infect both dividing and non-dividing cells. It is this property that has promoted their development as gene-delivery vectors that are known as lentivectors. Lentivectors 52,82,83 have been generated by the deletion of key genes that are involved in the packaging and replication of the virus from the viral genome. Only the introduction of vector DNA into a packaging cell line that has been engineered by transfection strategies to express the missing genes can produce the vector particles. For safety reasons, it is desirable to introduce into the packaging cell line each missing gene as a seperate construct, thereby reducing the likelihood of recombination events that could restore replication-competent vectors. A key feature is that the vector is otherwise transcriptionally silent and so does not activate endogenous genes that are near the site of vector integration. This is achieved by introducing mutations into the viral genome transcription control sequences to generate a self-inactivating (SIN) vector. Overall, there is a drive to reduce the number of viral sequences that are present in these vectors to further increase their safety by limiting the potential for recombination with wild-type virus. Other modifications can be engineered. For example, to increase the host range the envelope gene is replaced, often incorporating the vesicular stomatis virus G (VSV-G) gene instead. Alternatively, elements that are thought to enhance expression can be incorporated, for example, the woodchuck hepatitis virus post-transcriptional regulatory element (WRE). These vectors have been proposed to be useful for gene therapy and transgenic applications 5,6,69,81,82</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4"><head>4 | OCTOBER 2003 | 8 3 1 Box 3 |</head><label>4200313</label><figDesc>Lentivector delivery of shRNA in mice Recently, it has been shown that it is possible to deliver a functional short hairpin (sh)RNA into mice using a lentivector 69 . In this study, an H1-promoter-driven shRNA targeted against the gene encoding green fluorescent protein (GFP) was introduced into one of the long terminal repeats (LTRs) of a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-derived lentivector. Owing to the mechanism of reverse transcription, this resulted in the pro-virus containing two copies of the shRNA, one in each LTR. This vector was introduced into fertilized eggs that were generated from animals known to contain a functional GFP transgene. The reduction in GFP fluorescence was observed in early embryos as well as the pups born from these eggs. The lower pup shown in the photograph has had the expression of the GFP transgene knocked down by lentivector delivered shRNA. Reproduced with permission from REF. 69 © (2003) National Academy of Sciences .</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head>Box 2 |</head><label>2</label><figDesc>RNAi by siRNA A revolutionary new technology for gene knockdown based on RNA interference (RNAi) is being developed 7 . This is based on a phenomenon that has been recognized for some time as a principal mechanism of post-transcriptional gene silencing in Caenorhabditis elegans, Drosophilia and plants 8 . This process relies on small interfering (si)RNAs that typically consist of two 19-23 nucleotide (nt) single-stranded RNAs that are able to form a 19-bp duplex with 3′-overhangs (see figure</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7"><head>Figure 3 |</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Figure 3 | Generation of transgenic sheep using lentivectors. Recombinant lentivector components (a), including a small interfering (si)RNA construct, are transfected into a packaging cell line and the packaged viral particles (b) are purified by centrifuging the cell supernatant. The efficiency of interference with viral replication/transcription can be tested in cell culture (c) before injecting the particles into the perivitelline space of a fertilized egg (d). After in vitro culture the infected early stage embryos are transferred into recipients. After gestation, founder transgenic animals are born (e) and they can be tested for resistance.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>.</figDesc><table>First gene knockout 
(heterozygote) in livestock 39 . 

First gene knockout 
(homozygote) in livestock 45 . 

First gene targeting in livestock 38 . 

1985 
1989 
1991 
1992 
1994 
1996 
1997 
2000 
2001 
2003 

Timeline | Landmark events in transgenic livestock research 

First transgenic livestock produced 
using nuclear transfer technology 93 . 

'Dolly' created: raises major 
debate on technology 4 . 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="true"><head>Table 1 |</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Rates of compound genetic response*</figDesc><table>Trait 
Coefficient of 
Heritability 
Genetic 
variation (%) 
(h 

2 

) 
r esponse (%) 

Cattle 

Growth rate 
10 
40 
1.4 

Leanness 
5 
30 
0.5 

Milk yield 
15 
25 
1.5 

Sheep 

Growth rate 
15 
15 
1.4 

Leanness 
5 
30 
0.9 

Litter size 
30 
10 
2.1 

Pigs 

Growth rate 
7 
30 
2.7 

Leanness 
4 
30 
1.6 

Litter size 
25 
10 
3.0 

Chickens 

Growth rate 
7 
20 
3.2 

Leanness 
5 
20 
2.2 

Egg production 
10 
8 
2.1 

*These are the possible predicted year-on-year genetic response rates for individual traits for the principal 
livestock species. The genetic response rate is a predicted measure of the rate of change in a quantitative trait 
in response to selection rates -it is dependent on the coefficient of variation, which is a measure of the 
difference between individuals in a population, and heritability, which is an estimate of the proportion of a trait 
that can be inherited. Adapted with permission from REF. 10 © (1984) Longman Group UK Ltd. </table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="828">| OCTOBER 2003 | VOLUME 4 www.nature.com/reviews/genetics</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="832">| OCTOBER 2003 | VOLUME 4 www.nature.com/reviews/genetics</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgements</head><p>We would like to acknowledge our colleagues at the Roslin Institute who have contributed to this area of work. The research is supported by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Online links DATABASES</head><p>The following terms in this article are linked online to: LocusLink: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/LocusLink α1-antitrypsin | α(1,3)galactosyltransferase | aminopeptidase N |</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of transgenic rabbits, sheep and pigs by microinjection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hammer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">315</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="680" to="683" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Integration and stable germ line transmission of genes injected into mouse pronuclei</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Gordon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Ruddle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">214</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1244" to="1246" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sheep cloned by nuclear transfer from a cultured cell line</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mcwhir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Wilmut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">380</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viable offspring derived from fetal and adult mammalian cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Wilmut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Schnieke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mcwhir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kind</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">385</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="810" to="813" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Germline transmission and tissue-specific expression of transgenes delivered by lentiviral vectors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lois</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pease</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Baltimore</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">295</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="868" to="872" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transgenesis by lentiviral vectors: lack of gene silencing in mammalian embryonic stem cells and preimplantation embryos</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pfeifer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Dyn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Verma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2140" to="2145" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gene silencing in mammals by small interfering RNAs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mcmanus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sharp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Rev. Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="737" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Interference</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">418</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="251" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rapidly growing broiler (meat-type) chickens: their origin and use for comparative studies of the regulation of growth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Goddard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int. J. Biochem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rates of genetic change in farm livestock</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Res. Dev. Agric</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Towards marker assisted selection in livestock</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Georges</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Reprod. Nutr. Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="555" to="561" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Livestock genome maps</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Beattie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="334" to="338" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The ARKdb: genome databases for farmed and other animals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nucleic Acids Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="106" to="110" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The use of molecular genetics in the improvement of agricultural populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C M</forename><surname>Dekkers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Hospital</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Rev. Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="22" to="32" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Bulmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">The Mathematical Theory of Quantitative Genetics</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Claredon</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mapping quantitative trait loci on porcine chromosome 4</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Walling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anim. Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="424" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mini RNA molecules shield mouse liver from hepatitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Couzin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Interference</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">299</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">995</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Short interfering RNA confers intracellular antiviral immunity in human cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Gitlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Karelsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Andino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">418</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="430" to="434" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Binding of transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus to cell surface sialoglycoproteins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Schwegmann-Wessels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Zimmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Laude</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Enjaunes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Herrler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6037" to="6043" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Analysis of gene function in somatic mammalian cells using small interfering RNAs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Elbashir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Harborth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tuschl</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="199" to="178" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Introduction to retroviruses and retroviral vectors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Buchschacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Somat. Cell Mol. Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lentiviral vectors for gene delivery into cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Quinonez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sutton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">DNA Cell Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="937" to="951" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Current developments in the design of onco-retrovirus and lentivirus vector systems for hematopoetic cell gene therapy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Brenner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Malech</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biochim. Biophys. Acta</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1640</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Promoter interference mediated by the U3 region in early-generation HIV-1-derived lentivirus vectors can influence detection of transgene expression in a cell-type and species-specific manner</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ginn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Alexander</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Gene Ther</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1127" to="1137" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">No credible scientific evidence is presented to support claims that transgenic DNA was introgressed into traditional maize landraces in Oaxaca</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Christou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mexico. Transgenic Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Possible ecological risks of transgenic organism release when transgenes affect mating success: sexual selection and the Trojan gene hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Muir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Howard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="13853" to="13856" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic engineering: what are we fearing?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Hackett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transgenic Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="97" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Generation of Ski-knockdown mice by expressing a long double strand RNA from an RNA polymerase II promoter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Shinagawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ishii</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genes Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1340" to="1345" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Establishment of conditional vectors for hairpin siRNA knockdowns</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Matsukura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jines</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Takai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nucleic Acids Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">77</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Gene targeting in livestock: a preview Transgenic Res</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Burl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Denning</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Dickinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="275" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expression of a functional human complement inhibitor in a transgenic pig as a model for the prevention of xenogeneic hyperacute organ rejection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fodor</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11153" to="11157" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Targeting gene expression to the wool follicle in transgenic sheep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Damak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Jay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Barrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Bullock</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="181" to="184" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human factor IX transgenic sheep produced by transfer of nuclei from transfected fetal fibroblasts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Schnieke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">278</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2130" to="2133" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetically engineered large animal model for studying cone photoreceptor survival and degeneration in retinitis pigmentosa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Petters</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="965" to="970" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pigs expressing salivary phytase produce low-phosphorus manure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Golovan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="741" to="745" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Omim</forename><surname>Daf | Dna Methyltransferase-1 | Factor Ix | Myostatin | Prp | Socs1 | Socs2</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.roslin.ac" />
		<imprint>
			<pubPlace>Roslin Institute</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>uk Access to this interactive links box is free online</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Animal Breeding: Technology for the 21st Century</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Amsterdam</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Harwood Academic</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Utilization of gene mapping information in livestock animals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kappes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Theriogenology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="147" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effect of DNA concentration on transgenesis rates in mice and pigs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Nottle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transgenic Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="523" to="531" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dramatic growth of mice that develop from eggs microinjected with metallothionein-growth hormone fusion genes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Palmiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">300</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="611" to="615" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pursel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genetic engineering of livestock. Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">244</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1281" to="1288" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transgenic pigs carrying cDNA copies encoding the murine Mx1 protein which confers resistance to influenza virus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Brenig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Winnacker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Brem</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Gene</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">121</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="270" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transgene effects, introgression strategies and testing schemes in pigs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anim. Prod</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="427" to="440" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expression of human anti hemophilic factor IX in the milk of transgenic sheep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="487" to="492" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategies for the production of pharmaceuticals in milk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Wilmut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Whitelaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Reprod. Fertil. Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="625" to="630" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The mammary gland as a bioreactor: expression, processing, and production of recombinant proteins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Mammary Gland Biol. Neoplasia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="337" to="350" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">High level expression of active human α-1-antitrypsin in the milk of transgenic sheep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="830" to="834" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Xenogenic transplantation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Auchincloss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Sachs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annu. Rev. Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="433" to="470" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of pigs transgenic for human decay accelerating factor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Langford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transplant Proc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1400" to="1401" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Two sets of human-tropic pig retrovirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Le</forename><surname>Tissier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Stoye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Takeuchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Patience</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">389</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="681" to="682" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chromosomal position effects and the modulation of transgene expression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Reprod. Fertil. Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="589" to="598" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">HPRT-deficient (Lesch-Nyhan) mouse embryos derived from germline colonization by cultured cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hardy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Handyside</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hunter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Monk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">326</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="292" to="295" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Altering the genome by homologous recombination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Capecchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">244</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1288" to="1292" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Choose your target</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Capecchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="159" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Suppression of epithelial apoptosis and delayed mammary gland involution in mice with a conditional knockout of Stat3</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genes Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2604" to="2616" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enhancing the efficiency of introducing precise mutations into the mouse genome by hit and run gene targeting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Dickenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transgenic Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Stice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Animal Breeding: Technology for the 21st Century</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Amsterdam</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Harwood Aacademic</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="73" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of gene-targeted sheep by nuclear transfer from cultured somatic cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mccreath</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">405</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1066" to="1069" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deletion of the α(1,3)galactosyl transferase (GGTA1) gene and the prion protein (PrP) gene in sheep</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Denning</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="559" to="562" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of α-1,3-galactosyltransferase knockout pigs by nuclear transfer cloning</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">295</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1089" to="1092" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Targeted disruption of the α1,3-galactosyltransferase gene in cloned pigs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Dai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="255" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Xenotransplantation: importance of the α1,3gal epitope in hyperacute vaxcular rejection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Joziasse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Oriol</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biochim. Biophys. Acta</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1455</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="403" to="418" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are there any normal cloned mammals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Wilmut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="215" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gene targeting in sheep and pig primary fetal fibroblasts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Denning</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cloning Stem Cells</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of α1,3 galactosyltransferase deficient-pigs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Phelps</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">299</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="411" to="414" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pig cells that lack the gene for α1-3 galactosyltransferase express low levels of the gal antigen</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transplantation</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="430" to="436" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Normal development and behaviour of mice lacking the neuronal-cell surface PrP protein</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Bueler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">356</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="577" to="583" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Piglets add some colour to transgenic story</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Noseno</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">424</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">604</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">No simple solution for making transgenic mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brinster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Sandgren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Behringer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Palmiter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cell</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="241" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cloned transchromosomic calves producing human immunoglobulin</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Kuroiwa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="889" to="894" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Production of knockout rats using ENU mutagenesis and a yeast-based screening assay</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Zan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="645" to="651" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Oncoretroviral and lentiviral vector-mediated gene therapy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Vandendriessche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Naldini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Collen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Chuah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Methods Enzymol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">346</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="573" to="589" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transgenic cattle produced by reversetranscribed gene transfer in oocytes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Homan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">U</forename><surname>Ballou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Burns</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bremel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14028" to="14033" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Progress and problems with the use of viral vectors for gene therapy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ehrhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Rev. Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="346" to="358" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Advances in lentiviral vector design for gene-modification of hematopoetic stem cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Logan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lutzko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr. Opin. Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="429" to="436" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Simons</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Gene transfer into sheep. Biotechnology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="179" to="183" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Single-stranded antisense siRNAs guide target RNA cleavage in RNAi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Martinez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Patkaniowska</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Urlaub</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Luhrmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tuschl</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cell</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="563" to="574" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genomewide view of gene silencing by small interfering RNA</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Chi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6343" to="6346" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Specificity of short interfering RNA determined through gene expression signatures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Semizarov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6347" to="6352" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Induction of an interferon response by RNAi vectors in mammalian cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pebernard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ducraux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Nicoulaz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Iggo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="264" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Duplexes of 21-nucleotide RNAs mediate RNA interference in cultured mammalian cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Elbashir</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">411</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="494" to="498" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">RNA interference is mediated by 21-and 22-nucleotide RNAs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Elbashir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Lendeckel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tuschl</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genes Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="188" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Expression of small interfering RNAs targeted against HIV-1 rev transcripts in human cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="446" to="448" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Establishment of conditional vectors for hairpin siRNA knockdowns</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Matsukura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Takai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nucleic Acids Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">77</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A system for stable expression of short interfering RNAs in mammalian cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Brummelkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bernards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Agami</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">296</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="550" to="553" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Short hairpin (shRNAs) induce sequence-specific silencing in mammalian cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Paddison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Caudy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Conkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genes Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="948" to="958" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Small interfering RNA-mediated gene silencing in T lymphocytes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mcmanus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">169</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5754" to="5760" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Germline transmission of RNAi in mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Carmell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Conklin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hannon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rosenquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Struct. Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A general method for gene knockdown in mice by using lentiviral vectors expressing small interfering RNA</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Tiscornia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Singer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Verma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1844" to="1848" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A deletion in the bovine myostatin gene causes the double-muscled phenotype in cattle</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Grobet</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Regulation of skeletal muscle mass in mice by a new TGF-β superfamily member</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mcpheron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lawyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">387</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="83" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lack of Socs2 expression causes the high-growth phenotype in mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Horvat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Medrano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genomics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">SOCS1 deficiency results in accelerated mammary gland development and rescues lactation in prolactin receptor-deficient mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lindeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genes Dev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1631" to="1636" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Phenotypic silencing of cytoplasmic genes using sequence-specific double-stranded short interfering RNA and its application in the reverse genetics of wild-type negative-strand RNA viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Bitko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Barik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">34</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">siRNA-directed inhibition of HIV-1 infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Novina</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="681" to="686" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inhibiting HIV-1 infection in human T cells by lentiviral-mediated delivery of small interfering RNA against CCR5</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Quin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>An</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Baltimore</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="183" to="188" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
