<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T16:08+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Risk of infection and tracking of work-related infectious diseases in the funeral industry</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MS, MT (ASCP)</roleName><forename type="first">Susan</forename><forename type="middle">Salter</forename><surname>Davidson</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">The University of Alabama at Birmingham</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">Jefferson State Community College</orgName>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Pathology</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Benjamin</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Alabama at Birmingham</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Clinical Microbiology</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Risk of infection and tracking of work-related infectious diseases in the funeral industry</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.ajic.2006.05.290</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The routine tasks carried out by funeral service professionals (FSPs) would seem to put them at significant risk of exposure to several infectious agents. Exposure by way of splashes to the mucus membranes, inhalation of aerosolized body fluids, and direct inoculation can result in infectious diseases caused by multiple species of bacteria, viruses, and prions. The purpose of this review is to determine what is known of the risk of exposure to infectious agents that FSPs experience in the workplace, identify prevention and postexposure strategies utilized in the funeral business, and determine occupationally acquired infection rates among this group.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHODS</head><p>A literature search was carried out using the PubMed service of the National Library of Medicine (April 2006). Abstracts were reviewed, and applicable articles were obtained. Internet sources included the Web sites of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the United States Department of Labor, the US Census Bureau, the National Funeral Directors Association (NFDA), and the American Board of Funeral Service Education.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Risk of exposure</head><p>The risk of exposure to infectious agents in the health care setting is well documented; however, one occupational group that appears to be underrepresented in the infectious disease literature is FSPs. A recent literature review sponsored by the British Institute of Embalmers found that the risk of exposure is well documented but that there is a need for additional studies focusing on the suggested link between reported infections and the embalming procedure. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> That review, as well as this one, also found a lack of studies in the literature focusing on the implementation and effectiveness of infection control practices in the funeral business. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> There were 2,448,288 reported deaths in the United States during 2003, the majority of which was followed by embalming according to the NFDA. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> An infectious disease was the reported cause of death in 99,232 of these individuals and is recognized as a frequent contributor to mortality, even when not documented as the primary cause of death. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> The infectious nature of cadavers, regardless of their cause of death, has been documented. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref> The routine transport and embalming of cadavers place the FSP in a position to be exposed to multiple infectious agents that are transmissible by mucocutaneous contamination, aerosolization, and direct inoculation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref> Two common bacterial pathogens that may be contracted through mucocutaneous contamination are methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Streptococcus pyogenes. Long recognized as a nosocomial pathogen, MRSA is establishing itself as a community-acquired infectious agent with increasing frequency. <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> Because of the prevalence of MRSA in the population both as a commensal and as a pathogen, the FSP has a potential exposure risk from the remains of individuals who expired in health care facilities and those who died in other settings. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19</ref> Group A streptococcus has been shown to survive on the cadavers of victims of invasive disease, presenting a serious infectious risk to the FSP because it may be transmitted by direct contact and as a result of direct inoculation following even minor nicks to the skin during autopsy. <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref> FSPs may be exposed to gastrointestinal organisms through direct contact with leaking fecal material when manipulating corpses, which can lead to transmission via the fecal-oral route. <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> The 2 microorganisms of greatest concern for transmission are nontyphi Salmonella and hepatitis A, whereas Salmonella typhi, Shigella species, Cryptosporidia, Helicobacter pylori, and other microorganisms are less of a risk in the developed world. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref> Another group of Enterobacteriaceae that have the potential to present a risk to FSPs are the extended-spectrum b-lactamase producers (ESBLs) because of their growing prevalence and refractoriness to treatment, resulting in higher mortality rates when responsible for bacteremia. <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[26]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">[27]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">[28]</ref> Infectious agents transmitted primarily by the airborne route that should be of concern to the FSP include Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the virus responsible for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b28">29,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30</ref> Tuberculosis is a leading cause of disease and death, with more than one third of the global population being infected. Attempts to control the infections are complicated by the high prevalence of multiple drug-resistant strains, which are common in some populations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">31</ref> The risk of exposure to Mycobacterium tuberculosis experienced by FSPs is documented for airborne transmission and through direct inoculation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b31">[32]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b32">[33]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b33">[34]</ref> SARS is a newly recognized infectious disease, and there are no published reports of transmission from cadavers to FSPs. Moore et al analyzed the data available on SARS and published guidelines for infection control in the health care setting, which were tested in Toronto. <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30</ref> Others have also published reviews of the infection control literature concerning SARS, and the World Health Organization (WHO) has released guidelines addressing management of known or suspected cases. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">29,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b34">35,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b35">36</ref> Because of the virulent and contagious nature of the SARS virus, it is of special concern to both the health care worker (HCW) and the FSP. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">29</ref> The 3 most common bloodborne pathogenic viruses FSPs are at risk of exposure to are the hepatitis B virus (HBV), the hepatitis C virus (HCV), and the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b36">[37]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b37">[38]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b38">[39]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b39">[40]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b40">[41]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">[42]</ref> The risk of exposure to blood and other body fluids for this occupational group has been the subject of a limited number of studies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b36">37,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">42,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b42">43</ref> Studies focusing on the occurrence of HBV among FSPs show that members of this occupational group have a higher rate of infection than control groups. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b36">37</ref> However, widespread implementation of vaccination programs has dramatically lowered the infection rate among HCWs and FSPs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">39,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b40">41,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b43">44</ref> HCV is the most prevalent bloodborne pathogen in health care settings, with many chronically infected individuals being asymptomatic. Currently, there is no HCV vaccine available. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b44">[45]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">[46]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b46">[47]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b47">[48]</ref> The long-term viability of HIV in cadaver tissue is recognized, and the literature reports a documented case of seroconversion in a pathologist following necropsy, along with 2 possible and 1 documented seroconversions in FSPs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b37">38,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b48">[49]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b49">[50]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b50">[51]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b51">[52]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">[53]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b53">[54]</ref> Thus, the importance of the prevention of transmission of HCV and HIV during the embalming procedure is clear, especially in light of these documented cases of transmission of HIV.</p><p>The Marburg and Ebola hemorrhagic fever viruses are not endemic in the United States, but the continuing sporadic outbreaks on the African continent, the previous occurrence of infection in European countries, the ease and speed of international travel, and their classification as category A bioterrorism agents warrant their inclusion in a discussion of potential exposure risks for FSPs.</p><p>7,55-57 Secondary transmission of these 2 viruses is known to occur following unprotected exposure to patients and cadavers through mucocutaneous contact and blood and body fluid exposure. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b57">58,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b58">59</ref> Aerosolization cannot be definitively excluded as a mode of transmission. <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">58,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">60</ref> Guidelines have been published for the management of suspected or confirmed cases of these viral infections and include postmortem instructions. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b55">[56]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b56">[57]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b57">[58]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b60">61</ref> Another important group of infectious diseases of concern to FSPs are the transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (TSEs) or Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) in humans, including kuru, iatrogenic, and new variant CJD (vCJD). <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">[62]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">[63]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64]</ref> The mode of transmission of prions is not completely understood, with 85% of patients showing no recognizable pattern of transmission, but it is known that iatrogenic CJD has been passed from cadavers to recipients of human growth hormone, dura mater, and corneal grafts as well as between living patients following use of contaminated neurosurgical equipment. <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">[62]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">[63]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64]</ref> Bloodborne transmission has been implicated in 2 cases of secondary vCJD infections in the United Kingdom, prompting concern that the blood supply could be contaminated with the responsible prion because of asymptomatic donor contributions. <ref type="bibr" target="#b62">[63]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b64">[65]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b65">[66]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[67]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b67">[68]</ref> Because prions are not destroyed by formaldehyde or glutaraldehyde and because their concentration is highest in cerebrospinal fluid and nervous system tissue, embalming is not recommended for autopsied or traumatized bodies, but, if the procedure is necessary, the CDC suggests following the WHO guidelines. <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">62,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b68">69</ref> Although most cases of TSE have been located in countries other than the United States, the government is vigilant in monitoring CJD and vCJD cases and has taken steps to prevent an outbreak. <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">64</ref> Transmission of TSE between patients, to HCW, and to FSP is a major concern because supportive treatment is all that can be done for victims because these diseases are invariably fatal. <ref type="bibr" target="#b62">63,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">64</ref> The potential for transmission of multiple infectious agents while engaging in the routine tasks of FSPs has been demonstrated. The nation's primary source of occupational information is the Occupational Information Network (O*NET) sponsored by the US Department of Labor Employment and Training Administration, and their Summary Report for Embalmers and Funeral Directors provides a detailed description of the tasks performed by FSPs that place them at risk. <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">70</ref> There have been a limited number of published studies documenting actual exposure events. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">42,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b54">55</ref> The use of sharp implements during the embalming procedure places the FSP at risk of bloodborne pathogen exposure via needlestick, cuts, and splashes. The routine aspiration of blood and other body fluids carries the risk of aerosolization of droplet nuclei. The collection of fluid in the chest cavity of the deceased because of the putrefaction of tissue can lead to frothing and gurgling through the nose and mouth of the corpse.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>1,9-11</head><p>Exposure prevention and management strategies Evaluation of exposure prevention and postexposure strategies utilized in the funeral business is difficult. There are few published references focusing on infection control in this setting. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b36">37,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">42</ref> Funeral homes fall under the mandates of the Occupational Safety Hazard Association's Bloodborne Pathogens Standard (number 1910.13100), which requires that employers have a written exposure control plan and meet the methods of compliance. <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">71</ref> These methods include the practice of universal precautions, the implementation of engineering and work practice controls, and the provision of personal protective equipment. There does not appear to be a monitoring system in place to determine the effectiveness of adherence to the standard by tabulating exposure events or infection rates among FSPs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">71</ref> The CDC maintains the National Surveillance System for Health Care Workers, which is a voluntary program that monitors exposure events among hospital-based HCWs to HIV, HBV, HCV, and Mycobacterium tuberculosis to assess trends, prevention strategies, and postexposure prophylaxis, but funeral homes are not part of this surveillance program. <ref type="bibr" target="#b71">72</ref> A further reason evaluation is difficult is the absence of infection control activities in funeral homes analogous to those found in most health care facilities. These activities are implemented to analyze policies and procedures to control infectious disease transmission.</p><p>Although compliance among FSPs has not been studied to the degree that it has for HCWs, much of the data from the HCWs can be applied to the funeral business. It is known that compliance is greater if employees feel that their organization is interested in safety, if they have current and correct knowledge of the availability of personal protective equipment, and if they perceive that compliance is mandatory. <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30</ref> There has been speculation concerning the usefulness of disclosing to FSPs the specific infectious nature of particular cadavers, but it has been shown that this knowledge does not affect compliance in a significant percentage of employees. <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10</ref> The autonomous nature of the work performed by FSPs might be a factor contributing to noncompliance issues. Postexposure actions followed by the FSP might be less than those of the HCW because of the expectation and relative ease of reporting exposure events and receiving postexposure care in most health care settings.</p><p>The role continuing education plays in compliance among FSPs is another area that appears not to have been evaluated fully. The American Board of Funeral Service Education, the accrediting agency for schools offering degrees in funeral service, requires students to complete successfully the basic science courses, including microbiology and pathophysiology, and the examinations for licensure administered by each state include sections covering these subjects. <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">73,</ref><ref type="bibr">74</ref> More than 30 states require annual continuing education credits for licensed funeral directors and embalmers, but there are no specific requirements for infection control subject matter. <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">73,</ref><ref type="bibr">74</ref> Studies have suggested a need for continuing education to ensure adherence to infection control policies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">29,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b73">75</ref> Occupationally acquired infection rates It is difficult to determine the occupationally acquired infection rate among FSPs. One possible explanation for the apparent underrepresentation of FSP in the infection control literature could be that embalmers and funeral directors are placed under the Personal Care and Service Occupations group rather than being included in the Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations or Healthcare Support Occupations groups in the Bureau of Labor Statistics Standard Occupational Classification (SOC) System. <ref type="bibr" target="#b74">76</ref> This SOC system is consistent with the Census 2000 Alphabetical Indexes of Industries and Occupations used in coding information gathered by governmental and private agencies for statistical reporting programs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b74">76,</ref><ref type="bibr">77</ref> Another contributing factor is the lack of standardized coding on death certificates for the occupation of the decedent, although multiple governmental agencies are working together to make improvements in the coding system to standardize this data. <ref type="bibr" target="#b75">78</ref> Underreporting of exposure events by individual employees along with the lack of infection control oversight programs in the funeral business could also be factors making this determination difficult.</p><p>An additional topic that is worthy of mention is the exposure risk experienced in countries other than the United States and Canada, which are the only 2 countries that routinely embalm the deceased. Other countries have various types of funeral services available, but embalming is reserved for cases requiring a prolonged viewing period or for shipment of the corpse. In most areas, family members wash the dead and prepare them for internment, and only rudimentary steps are taken to prevent the spread of communicable disease if it is known to be present. <ref type="bibr" target="#b76">79</ref> According to the WHO mortality records, worldwide, there were 10,903,977 deaths attributed to infectious and parasitic diseases in 2002, and the majority of these deaths occurred in areas other than the United State and Canada. <ref type="bibr" target="#b77">80</ref> Thus, as with many issues related to infectious diseases, the developing world could benefit from better surveillance as well as implementation of controls to prevent transmission related to handling of the dead.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DISCUSSION</head><p>This review of published literature demonstrates that FSPs have a risk of exposure to bacterial and viral pathogens as well as to prion-mediated diseases. It reveals a lack of published studies focusing on the implementation and effectiveness of infection control policies for this occupational group as well as the difficulty involved in determining actual infection rates related to workplace exposure events. Questions that should be the focus of future studies include determining the level of employee compliance with existing infection control policies, accessing factors that influence compliance, and evaluating the effectiveness of existing policies in preventing exposure events and actual infections as well as implementing better systems to determine the infection rates of the various agents in this occupational group.</p></div>		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Infection risks and embalming. Institute of Occupational Medicine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Creely</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.iom-world.org/pubs/IOM_TMO401.pdf.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-04-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Death: final data for 2003. National Vital Statistics Reports</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/hestat/finaldeaths03_tables.pdf#2.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-01-28" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Center for Health Statistics</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">National Funeral Directors Association fact sheet</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.nfda.org/nfdafactsheets.php.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005-07-27" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>National Funeral Directors Association</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The microbiologic evaluation and enumeration of postmortem species from human remains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hockett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Lab Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Final report on literature search on the infectious nature of dead bodies for the Embalming Chemical Manufactures Association. Embalming Chemical Manufacturers Association</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Mayer RG</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="52" />
			<pubPlace>New York: McGraw Hill</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Embalming history, theory, and practice. 3rd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Embalming history, theory, and practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rendon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Mayer RG</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>McGraw Hill</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="652" to="656" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Dangers of infection. 3rd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Biosafety considerations for autopsy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Nolte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Richmond</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Forensic Med Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The infection hazards of human cadavers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Healing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Commun Dis Rep CDR Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occupational risk of human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis B virus, and hepatitis C virus infections among funeral service practitioners in Maryland</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gershon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vlahov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Farzadegan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Alter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tuberculosis risk in funeral home employees</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gershon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vlahov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Escamilla-Cejudo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Badawi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mcdiarmid</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Karkashian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Occup Environ Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="503" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Exposure to and precautions for blood and body fluids among workers in the funeral home franchises of Fort Worth, Texas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Nwanyanwu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Tabasuri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="208" to="220" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Health and safety at necropsy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Burton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="254" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Infectious disease risks from dead bodies following natural disasters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Panam Salud Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="307" to="319" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Embalming, body preparation, burial, and disinterment: an overview for forensic pathologists</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hanzlick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Forensic Med Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="153" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The high-risk autopsy: recognition and protection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Claydon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Forensic Med Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="259" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus disease in three communities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Fridkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hageman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Morrison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Sanza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Como-Sabetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jernigan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">352</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1436" to="1480" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology of invasive group A streptococcus disease in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;brien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Beall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Cieslak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Reingold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Farley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="268" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methicillin-resistant-Staphylococcus aureus hospitalizations, United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kuehnert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kupronis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Tokars</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Solomon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Jernigan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="868" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Staphylococcus aureus infections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lowy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">339</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="520" to="552" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cluster of deaths from group A streptococcus in a long-term care facility-Georgia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Greene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Van Beneden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Javadi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Skoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Beall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Facklam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="108" to="121" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/dbmd/abcs/survreports/gas04prelim.pdf.Accessed" />
		<title level="m">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Active Bacterial Core Surveillance (ABCs) Report Emerging Infections Program Network: group A streptococcus</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Streptococcus pyogenes: a forgotten occupational hazard in the mortuary</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hawkey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Pedler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Southall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">281</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1058</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occupationally acquired infections in health care workers. Part II</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sepkowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">125</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="917" to="945" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Surveillance for human Salmonella infections in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Swaminathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Fields</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J AOAC Int</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="553" to="562" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Niyogi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Shigellosis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="133" to="176" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical and economic impact of bacteremia with extendedspectrum-b-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schwaber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Navon-Venezia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kaye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ben-Ami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Carmeli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Antimicrob Agents Chemother</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1257" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bloodstream infections caused by extended-spectrum-b-lactamaseproducing Klebsiella pneumoniae: risk factors, molecular epidemiology, and clinical outcome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tumbarello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Spanu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sanguinetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Citton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Montuori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Leone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Antimicrob Agents Chemother</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="498" to="504" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beta-lactamases in Enterobacteriaceae-an ever-present threat</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Moolman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Jankowits</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bezuidenhout</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Pitout</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">S Afr Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="331" to="335" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protecting health care workers from SARS and other respiratory pathogens: a review of the infection control literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gamage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Copes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Yassi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bryce</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="114" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protecting health care workers from SARS and other respiratory pathogens: organizational and individual factors that affect adherence to infection control guidelines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gamage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bryce</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Copes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Yassi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tuberculosis in the United States</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/nchstp/tb/surv/surv2004/default.htm.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission of Mycobacterium tuberculosis to a funeral director during routine embalming</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lauzardo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Duncan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hale</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chest</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="640" to="642" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission of Mycobacterium tuberculosis from a cadaver to an embalmer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sterling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Pope</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bishai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Harrington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gershon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Chaisson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">342</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="246" to="254" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Infective agents in fixed human cadavers: a brief review and suggested guidelines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Demiryurek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bayramoglu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ustacelebi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anat Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">269</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="194" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Health Organization. Hospital infection control guidance for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/sars/infectioncontrol/en/" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Consensus document on the epidemiology of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/sars/en/WHOconsensus.pdf.AccessedOcto-ber1" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>World Health Organization</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occupational exposure to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and hepatitis B virus (HBV) among embalmers: a pilot seroprevalence study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kunches</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Gordon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Travers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mueller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1425" to="1431" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Long-lasting postmortem viability of human immunodeficiency virus: a potential risk in forensic medicine practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Douceron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Deforges</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Gherardi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sobel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chariot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Forensic Sci Int</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk and management of blood-borne infections in health care workers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Beltrami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Chamberland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Microbiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="385" to="407" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Blood-borne virus infection: the occupational risks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Riddell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Sherrard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J STD AIDS</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="632" to="641" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bloodborne pathogens: what you need to know. Part II</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Twitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AAOHN J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Universal precautions and mortuary practitioners: influence on practices and risk of occupationally acquired infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Beck-Sague</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Jarvis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fruehling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Higgins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bates</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Occup Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="874" to="882" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Blood exposure and protection in funeral homes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mcdonald</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="198" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Progress toward the elimination of hepatitis B virus transmission among health care workers in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mahoney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Coleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Alter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">157</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2601" to="2606" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hepatitis C: an epidemiological review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Memon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Memon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Viral Hepat</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="84" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology of hepatitis C in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2" to="9" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The prevalence of hepatitis C virus infection in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Alter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kruszon-Moran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Nainan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcquillan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Gao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Moyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">341</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="556" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission and control of bloodborne viral hepatitis in health care workers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lanphear</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Occup Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="717" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recovery of HIV at autopsy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Henry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Dexter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sannerud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Balfour</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">321</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1833" to="1837" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Postmortem viability of human immunodeficiency virusimplications for the teaching of anatomy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>De Craemer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">331</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1315</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Autopsy risk and acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus infection: a case report and reappraisal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Schaffner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Atkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pierce</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Pathol Lab Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">121</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Postmortem recovery of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 from plasma and mononuclear cells: implications for occupational exposure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bankowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Landay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Staes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Shuburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kritzler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Hajakian</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Pathol Lab Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">116</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1124" to="1131" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Isolation of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) at autopsy one to six days postmortem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Nyberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Suni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Haltia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Clin Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="422" to="427" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occupationally acquired human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection: national case surveillance data during 20 years of the HIV epidemic in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Do</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ciesielski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Metler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hammett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="86" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brief report: outbreak of marburg virus hemorrhagic feve-Angola</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="308" to="317" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>MMWR</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. A guidebook for surveillance medical examiners, coroners, and biologic terrorism and case management</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MMWR</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">8</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outbreak of Marburg hemorrhagic fever in Angola: a review of the history of the disease and its biological aspects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ligon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Semin Pediatr Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="219" to="243" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hemorrhagic fever viruses as biological weapons: medical and public health management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Borio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Inglesby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Schmaljohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hughes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Jahrling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">287</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2391" to="405" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marburg and Ebola-arming ourselves against the deadly filoviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">352</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2571" to="2574" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marburg and Ebola viruses as aerosol threats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Leffel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Reed</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biosecur Bioterror</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="186" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Management of patients with suspected viral hemorrhagic fever</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MMWR</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Questions and answers: Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease infection control practices</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/ncidod/dvrd/cjd/infection_control_cjd.htm.2005" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Introduction to the transmissible spongiform encephalopathies or prion diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Chesebro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br Med Bull</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The public health impact of prion diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Belay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Schonberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annu Rev Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bovine spongiform encephalopathy and variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: background, evolution, and current concerns</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Will</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Asher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Detwiler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Possible transmission of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease by blood transfusion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Llewelyn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hewitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Knight</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Amar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cousens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">363</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="417" to="438" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Preclinical vCJD after blood transfusion in a PRNP codon 129 heterozygous patient</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Peden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Head</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ironside</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">364</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="527" to="536" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogenesis and transfusion risk of transmissible spongiform encephalopathies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Dev Biol (Basel)</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">120</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="33" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World health Organization. WHO infection control guidelines for transmissible spongiform encephalopathies: report of a WHO consultation</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/resources/publications/bse/WHO_CDS_CSR_APH_2000_3/en/" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999-03" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="23" to="26" />
			<pubPlace>Geneva, Switzerland</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Summary report for: 11-9061.00 Funeral Directors</title>
		<ptr target="http://online.onetcenter.org/link/summary/11-9061.00" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Occupational Information Network</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occupational exposure to bloodborne pathogens-OSHA. Final rule</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Fed Regist</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64004" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Surveillance system for hospital health care workers</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/niosh/docs/chartbook/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005-10-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">National Funeral Directors Association. Careers in funeral service</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.nfda.org/careers.php.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005-04-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Practices and an assessment of health care workers&apos; perceptions of compliance with infection control knowledge of nosocomial infections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Berhe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Edmond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bearman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="55" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">US Census Bureau, Housing and Household Economics Statistics Division</title>
		<ptr target="gov/hhes/www/ioindex/overview.html.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-05-13" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>US Department of Labor Standard Occupational Classification System</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Mortality by occupation, industry, and cause of death: 24 reporting states (1984-1988)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Human</forename><surname>Department Of Health</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Services</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/niosh/bk97114.html.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997-03-25" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Funeral customs the world over</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Habenstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lamers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Bulfin Printers, Inc</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Milwaukee, WI</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Burden of disease estimates by region in 2002</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Health Report</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
