<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:02+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Public Health at the Seventieth Annual Session of the American Medical Association</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="1919-06">June, 1919</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>M.D. Director,</roleName><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">Laboratories of New York City Health Department NEW YORK</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Public Health at the Seventieth Annual Session of the American Medical Association</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Atlantic City, N. J</title>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="1919-06">June, 1919</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>Downloaded From: http://jama.jamanetwork.com/ by a University of Manitoba User on 06/17/2015</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The ratio of deaths to population varied from 1.9 per thousand in Spartanburg to 6.8   </p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The ratio of deaths to population varied from 1.9 per thousand in Spartanburg to <ref type="bibr">6.8</ref>   <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>.  </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>in Maryland towns. The death rate was by no means parallel to the influ¬ enza attack rate, but was correlated closely with the pneumonia rate. In other words, the case fatality of pneumonia tended to be fairly constant, around 30 per cent., except in San Antonio, where it was only 18.5 per cent. The death rate was notably high in children under 1 year old, in adults from 20 to 40, and in per¬ sons over 60 ; higher in males than in females of com¬ parable ages ; higher in the white than in the colored.Concerning the important question of the immunity conferred by an attack of influenza, the evidence is not conclusive, chiefly because of the uncertain differentia¬ tion between influenza and other infections. Parsons, from his study of the last epidemic,1 inclines to the view that an attack of influenza in the earlier years of the epidemic conferred a considerable but not absolute immunity in the later outbreaks. In Baltimore, where our first canvass of 33,776 peo¬ ple was made between Nov. 20 and Dec. 11, 1918, a second canvass of the same population was made in January to determine the extent of the recrudescence reported in December. Among 32,600 people included in this canvass, 724 cases of influenza were found to have occurred since the previous survey. Of this number 121 cases were reported as second attacks, but on investigation through the attending physicians or by a medical officer, the clinical diagnosis of both attacks as influenza was confirmed in only 26 cases: or 0.37 per cent, of the total, and even in these cases the diagnosis is necessarily uncertain. Considering that 23 per cent, of the population had had influenza prior to December 11, the proportion of second attacks should have been much greater if no immunity had been acquired. A second canvass in San Francisco gave generally similar results. The data collected for a study of this question from other angles have not yet been analyzed. GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS OF EPIDEMIC In general, this epidemic has been quite similar to that of 1889-1890 in its early development, first in mild, scattered outbreaks, later in a severe world-wide epi¬ demic ; in the rapidity of its spread, and in its high case incidence. It has been notably different in a much higher frequency of pneumonia and consequently much higher mortality, especially among young adults. Such evidence as has been collected confirms the con¬ clusion previously reached that the infection is trans¬ mitted directly by "contact" in the broad sense. It appears probable, however, that the infection was already widely disseminated in this country some time before a serious epidemic was recognized. PROBABILITY OF RECURRENCES IN THE NEAR FUTURE The question of most practical and immediate inter¬ est is the probability of recurrence in the near future. Recurrences are characteristic of influenza epidemics ; and the history of the last pandemic and previous ones would seem to point to the conclusion that this one has not yet run its full course. On the other hand, this epidemie has already shown three more or less distinct phases and has been more severe, at least in mortality, than the three-year epidemic of 1889-1892, facts which may justify the hope, though not the conclusion, that it has run its course already. It seems probable, however, that we may expect at least local recurrences in the near future, with anAs regards preventive measures, the efficacy of those carried out in recent months is not proved, and we can only continue to follow the apparently sound principles already applied. It seems hardly logical to expect that any measure short of effective specific immunization will afford lasting protection to the general population ; but we may perhaps hope to delay the spread of infec¬ tion, thus affording better facilities for treatment of the sick, and this is an achievement well worth while. With reference to scientific investigations, these should not be conditioned on recurrence of the epi¬ demic. Now is the time to inaugurate comprehensive laboratory and field investigations of influenza and pneumonia, to be continued not for a few months, but for a series of years, since a knowledge of influenza during the intervals between epidemics is essential to the understanding of epidemics. In this connection one of the most essential requisites for a better under¬ standing of the disease is better differential diagnosis of endemic influenza, with more careful observation and recording of the relatively mild, indefinitely diag¬ nosed epidemics of supposed influenza which are noted from time to time in the intervals between definite epi¬ demics. Even in the absence of a definite diagnosis of individual cases, much would be added to the history of influenza by describing such outbreaks more fully and making them matters of more general record.The first appearance of the epidemic was in Europe. Bacteriologists, while keeping an open mind, natu- rally first sought for the influenza bacillus isolated by Pfeiffer from endemic cases of influenza-like infections some two years after the 1889 epidemic. He had established a relationship between this bacillus and infections of the respiratory tract and had assumed that it was the primary agent in the great Read before the joint meeting of the Section on Pharmacology and Therapeutics, the Section on Pathology and Physiology and the Section on Preventive Medicine and Public Health at the Seventieth Annual Session of the American Medical Association, Atlantic City, N. J., June, 1919. pandemic. Investigations since then have thrown con- siderable doubt on this assumption, and many have now come to consider the bacillus as only one of several varieties of bacteria which have a special selective ten- dency to attack the mucous membranes of the upper respiratory tract. The reports from different investigations in Europe have been most conflicting. Influenza bacilli were found in some localities to be present in nearly every case, while in others bacteriologists isolated them from only a small minority of the patients. In their place, pneumococci, streptococci and gram- negative micrococci were found. Frequently, several varieties occurred together. A few observations in France and England indicated that a filtrable virus was present in at least some of the cases. As a filtra¬ ble virus had already been demonstrated in outbreaks of common colds, when no epidemic existed, this infor¬ mation, in spite of its great interest, simply added one more line of investigation. The possibility that more than one epidemic of an influenza-like disease was prevailing in Europe makes it advisable to concentrate our attention on the results of the bactériologie findings in this country. Here, the unity of the epidemic which swept over the land was unmistakable. NECESSARY PROOF To identify a micro-organism as the cause of a widespread epidemic, the germ must be capable of producing the type of disease under investigation ; it must be present in the advancing area in all cases at the beginning of the infection, and in any outbreak it must have the same characteristics when freshly isolated from different patients. The repeated trans¬ fer of a pathogenic germ from patient to patient allows the most characteristic forms to increase, so that until an epidemic is on the wane we find that isolations from different cases from different localities are practically identical. When the different cultures are grown in artificial mediums, under suitable and similar condi¬ tions, the isolations from different sources will con¬ tinue to hold their characteristics sufficiently to be studied and compared. Even well trained bacteriologists frequently fail to realize that an epidemic strain is alike everywhere in cases belonging to the epidemic. Before considering the results so far obtained and drawing our conclusions, let us consider for a moment the special problem before us. Epidemic influenza is a disease primarily attacking the respiratory passages. The symptoms during life and the lesions in the dead, although fairly distinctive in the cases at the height of the epidemic, are by no means so in those occurring aftjer it has passed. Whatever the primary infecting micro-organism may be, there is no doubt that in most cases other pathogenic bacteria are decisively associ¬ ated. Many of these produce very similar symptoms and lesions. It is perfectly possible that a strain of any one of these bacterial varieties may have increased in virulence to an extent enabling it to initiate an epidemic. The micro-organism responsible for the epi¬ demic may either be a microbe hitherto unknown to us or to a new and more virulent strain of some known form. Even if we assume the latter alternative, we have a difficult problem to obtain the proof, for we must dis¬ cover how to identify it as a new strain. Supposing that we had found pneumococci in all cases*, but that in some we had isolated only Type I and in some only Type II. Instead of this being evidence for á pan¬ demic pneumococcus strain, it would be just the oppo¬ site, for two different strains cannot be responsible for one epidemic. For our purpose, the two types are as distinct as if they were diphtheria and tubercle bacilli ; and if either is the pandemic strain, it must occur in all the cases. Suppose we find in every case a Type II pneumo¬ coccus. This is very suggestive, but it is really no proof unless we can show some peculiarity different from that in the cases of respiratory infections before the epidemic. Only then have we probably obtained the culprit. Because of the lack of this evidence, Pfeiffer made his hasty conclusion. The most delicate test that we have for identity of strains is that animals injected with them produce identical antibodies. The resemblance between the aggl'utinins produced is usually selected as the best evidence of identity or dissimilarity. With the filtrable viruses we have to depend on finding some susceptible animal, or revert to human volunteers and if successful in producing infection, test for specific immunity. RESULT OF RECENT INVESTIGATIONS The pandemic of 1918 is over. The difficulty of being certain that any suspected cases are due to the pandemic virus is gradually increasing. It is probable that if we have not at the present time gathered suffi¬ ciently convincing evidence to convict some germ we shall have to wait for another epidemic to solve the problem. It will be well to summarize very briefly some representative investigations. Keegan made cultures from a number of cases in the virulent outbreak at the First Naval District atSpooner, Scott and Heath found evidence that the cases reacted to the influenza bacillus invasion by the production of antibodies. At the end of the first week agglutinins appeared sufficiently in the blood of some cases to agglutinate influenza bacilli when in a 1: 50 dilution. In five weeks the serum of some agglu¬ tinated when in a dilution of 1: 800. They found no evidence of strains of influenza bacilli. They did not use the more delicate and accurate absorption methods in their tests. These investigations afforded evidence that in that extensive outbreak the influenza-bacilli played an important part either as the primary agent or as a secondary invader. In four cases a hemolytic streptococcus ^ß shown to play an important and even decisive part. In the Central West, in twenty-three cases of acute influenza in the early stage, Opie, Freeman, Blake, Small and Rivers subjected the patients to examina¬ tion and obtained influenza bacilli from all. The examination of the sputum from sixty-nine cases of pneumonia revealed influenza bacilli in forty-three. Pneumococci were found in every case, but were of different types. The men named agree with Kee¬ gan as to the etiologic importance of the influenza bacillus in this epidemic. They place the sequence of events as follows: At the time of infection, B. influen- zae descends into the bronchi ; later, pneumococci may invade the inflamed bronchi, enter the lung and pro¬ duce either lobar pneumonia or bronchopneumonia. Hemolytic streptococci may at any time descend and infect the pneumonic lung. Although Keegan, Opie and their associates believe that the influenza bacilli are the causative agent, they present no real evidence. Opie demonstrated in some groups of healthy soldiers, that 50 per cent, could be shown to harbor influenza bacilli. No proof was obtained that these bacilli differed in any way from those isolated from the patients. Their evidence is.as strong that the bacilli are secondary invaders as that they were the primary ones. In 278 cases occurring in New York, Williams found influenza bacilli as shown in Table 1.In 100 cases, among civil and soldier patients in Chicago, Nuzum, Pilot, Stangl and Bones found the results given in</figDesc><table>The case fatality was likewise higher in these age 

groups : under 1 year, 20 to 40, and over 60 years ; and 
it is this fact, rather than the incidence rates, which 

determines the death rates in different age groups. 
Chart 6 shows the attack rates, death rates and case 

fatality rates in various age groups. 

THE IMPORTANT QUESTION OF IMMUNITY 

increase over the normal mortality from pneumonia 
for perhaps several years ; and certainly we should be, 
as far as possible, prepared to meet them, by previous 
organization of forces and measures for attempted pre¬ 
vention, treatment and scientific investigation. 

FUTURE STUDY AND CONTROL 

BACTERIOLOGY OF RECENT PANDEMIC 
OF INFLUENZA AND COMPLI-
CATING INFECTIONS 

WILLIAM H. PARK, M.D. 

Director, Laboratories of New York City Health Department 

NEW YORK 

When the recent outbreak of influenza appeared, it 

was assumed by all that it was probably due to the 
same cause as that of 1889. Health officials, epidemi-

ologists and bacteriologists, already overwhelmed by 
the demands of the war, were called on to investigate 

and combat the infection. 

Chelsea, Mass. Cultures from twenty-three cases gave 

influenza bacilli in nineteen, and in some no other 

bacteria were found. In four cases he considered a 

streptococcus of the hemolytic variety the dominant 
organism and in seven cases the influenza bacillus. The 

earlier the cultures were taken, the greater was the 

percentage of influenza bacilli. 

TABLE 1.-EXAMINATION FOR INFLUENZA BACILLI 
Influenza Bacilli 

Group 

Per Cent. Present 

Hospital cases . 80 

Marines* . 100 
Home for children. 
98 
Material examined: 

Lungs. 
80f 

Tracheas . 
96 

Heart's blood. 

10 

*The marines came from different vessels. 

fSeventeen per cent, in fine cultures. 

We found that the best site for the material selected, 

the use of the best mediums and long training in the 
study of influenza colonies were important in finding 

the bacilli. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head>TABLE 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>-BACTERIA FROM SPUTUM,-NASOPHARYNXFive healthy persons volunteered to be inoculated in the nostrils with the filtrate from infected mucus. A very slight coryza in one and a moderate attack in another resulted. They think the results insufficient to indicate the pandemic to be due to a filtrable virus. They believe that in their cases pneumococci of unu¬ sual virulence were the most important early sec¬ ondary invaders. Influenza bacilli were less important than many other bacteria. Lamb and Brannin, at Camp Cody, Deming, . M., found in pneumonia, in sputum specimens, the bacteria as shown in Table 3.</figDesc><table>AND TONSILS 
Pneu. 

. Inf. St. Hem. Mie. Cat. 
% 
% 
% 
% 

Washed bronchial sputum . 70 

4 

20 
5 

Cultures from nasopharynx . 38 

0 
7 

5 

Cultures from tonsils . 74 

0 
37 

7 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head>TABLE 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>-BACTERIA PRESENT IN PNEUMONIA* Cases Per Cent.that when a plate culture is made from material con¬ taining several strains, apparently pure colonies will not infrequently yield two different strains. The resultant mixed culture will agglutinate with each of the two serums. Even further plating may fail to separate them. If thoroughly shaken before plating, pure cultures of each strain can usually be isolated from the majority of the colonies. An important point was whether the infecting strain could be depended on to produce the major part of the organisms in a case. If it did, isolations from the plates made from nasopharyngeal cultures could be considered as belonging to the infecting strain. Some of our laboratory findings are instructive: One of the workers developed an acute bronchitis. Cultures revealed abundant influenza bacilli. Fifty fishings of colonies from the plates were found on testing to give forty-nine identical organisms and one that belonged to a different strain. Another bac¬ teriologist, by accident, received an infection from a freshly isolated culture. About thirty colonies were fished from the plate cultures, and .all proved to have identical characteristics. Other tests gave the same results. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY INVADERS It seems right, from the results mentioned above, to assume that the infecting strain is in great excess dur¬ ing an infection and that in nearly every case the colony tested will represent the infecting strain and that the proof that the patients are infected by different strains indicates almost certainly that bacilli were present before and that some other virus created conditions permitting the latent bacilli to attack the tissues. It is perhaps well to state that not only did Miss Valentine and Miss Cooper subject themselves to the most careful controls, but that they also tested the strains with marks of identification that left them in ignorance of the origin of the cultures.and pneumococci which are under suspicion in different localities will be found after subjection to similar severe tests not to possess the necessary identity of characteristics to allow them to remain under serious consideration as the primary agent in this epidemic, but rather like the influenza bacillus, to be reckoned among the most important of the secondary invaders.and to an audience, almost every member of which has had an all too large personal experience with the sub- ject, requires a word of explanation, if not of apology. To be accurate, the title should read "The Symptoma- tology and Complications of Influenza as Seen in the Army in This Country." No attempt is made to record the manifestations of this disease as they appear in children, in women, or in persons of advanced years; nor as observed in our own, or in other, armies in Europe. Moreover, the statements to be made relate solely to the great epidemic which swept over the country in the autumn of last year. It is interesting to note, however, that in the late winter and the spring of 1918, epidemics of what was regarded locally as influenza appeared in several of the army camps and posts. The symptoms bore a close resemblance to those of the great epidemic six months later, but these local epidemics were distinguished from the latter by the mildness of the symptoms and the rarity of serious complications. The data on which this paper is based were fur¬ nished by reports to the Surgeon-General from sev¬ enty-two base and general hospitals scattered through¬ out the entire country. In this large number of reports, two features stand out with great distinctness : first, the singularly uni¬ form and clear-cut clinical picture presented by the cases of uncomplicated influenza in the same camp ; and, second, the striking agreement by observers in the various hospitals throughout the country as to the characteristic symptoms of the disease. From these reports there can be no possible doubt that, among the soldiers at least, the disease in its march across the country, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, preserved a remarkable uniformity in its clinical pic¬ ture. Of forty-seven reports on this subject, thirty-six gave the period of incubation as three days or less. In half of this number it was given as two days or less. In several reports it was stated as being usually not more than twenty-four hours. On the other hand, in several instances, the interval was placed at from three to seven days and, in one instance, at from seven to ten days. In one camp, in the case of five men with whom Read before the joint meeting of the Section on Pharmacology and Therapeutics, the Section on Pathology and Physiology and the Section on Preventive Medicine and Public Health at the Seventieth Annual Session of the American Medical Association, Atlantic City, N. J , June, 1919. the interval between exposure and the onset could be accurately determined, the period in each instance was forty-eight hours. It seems safe to conclude, therefore, that the incubation period is, in general, very short and that the most frequent interval is about forty-eight hours. In what follows it should be clearly understood that, for the moment, only the symptoms observed in sim¬ ple, or uncomplicated, influenza are being considered.There is practical unanimity in the assertion that the onset is abrupt in the great majority of cases. Most reports give the percentage of abrupt onsets to the whole number-as from 80 to 90. The initial symp¬ toms were surprisingly constant and uniform, being chilliness, prostration, fever, headache, backache, and pains in the limbs. Somewhat less frequent initial symptoms were an irritating, dry cough and sore throat. To these symptoms must be added a char¬ acteristic mental state and a peculiar facies which will be described later.Prostration.-This was one of the earliest, as well as one of the most constant, symptoms. Frequently extreme, it varied much in its severity and in its dura¬ tion ; but it was characteristic of many cases that the muscular weakness persisted long after the tempera¬ ture had become normal and all the other symptoms had disappeared. Respiratory Symptoms.-There is general agree¬ ment that cough was present at some time in almost all cases, even in most of those classed as uncompli¬ cated. During the early part of the illness it was usually of a hard, dry, racking character, with little or no expectoration, and was commonly associated with a feeling of retrosternal soreness or pain. Dur¬ ing the later days of the attack it usually became looser and was accompanied by sputum and by the physical signs of tracheitis or bronchitis. The sputum varied much in character and in quantity. At first scanty, tenacious and mucous, it later became more profuse and mucopurulent. Occasionally, even in uncomplicated cases, it showed streaks of blood and, rarely, blood in considerable quantities. The frequency of hoarseness as a symptom seemed to vary much. Often the husky voice appeared to depend on the dry, congested state of the pharynx, and on the great prostration, rather than on an actual laryngitis. Coryza was, in most reports, classed as a frequent manifestation. It was by no means constant, however, and, in some hospitals, seems to have been of infre¬ quent occurrence. Epistaxis was a striking symptom in many patients. It was present in approximately one fourth of the cases, and sometimes was so severe and persistent as to cause.very serious concern. Some observers noted that it seemed to be more frequent in those patients who, later, showed evidences of pneumonia, than in those who did not. The respiratory rate in simple influenza showed very little disturbance. In relation to the height of the temperature it was notably low. A steady rise in the breathing rate was one of the most trustworthy indi¬ cations of the existence of a complicating pneumonia. The physical signs of the chest were usually quite normal during the first day or two of the illness, and, indeed, not infrequently throughout the attack. Often,</figDesc><table>Pneumococcus (all types, but chiefly Type IV) . 310 

89.1 

Streptococcus (one third hemolytic types). 222 

63.3 
B. influenzae . 

89 
23 

M. catarrhalis. 

21 
6 

* Blood agar was used for platings. 

A careful survey of all the literature leaves the same 

impression as that left by the brief summary of the 
few representative investigations I have just given. 
There is no proof that any one germ is present in 

all cases. The influenza bacillus has the lead among 

the possibilities, partly because of its historical posi¬ 
tion and partly because, as it requires much training 

to isolate it from a mixture of other bacteria, the 

thought remains in the minds of many that the failure 

to obtain it in some outbreaks is due, not to its absence, 

but to lack of training in the bacteriologist seeking it. 
If isolations from a number of cases proved to have 

identical characteristics, the probability that the influ-

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Downloaded From: http://jama.jamanetwork.com/ by a University of Manitoba User on 06/17/2015</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl/>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
