<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:02+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Enteric involvement of coronaviruses: is faecal–oral transmission of SARS-CoV-2 possible?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2020-02-19">Published online February 19, 2020 Published Online February 19, 2020</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charleen</forename><surname>Yeo</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Enteric involvement of coronaviruses: is faecal–oral transmission of SARS-CoV-2 possible?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2020-02-19">Published online February 19, 2020 Published Online February 19, 2020</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>For more on the WHO COVID-19 situation report-28 see https://www.who.int/docs/ default-source/coronaviruse/ situation-reports/20200217-sitrep-28-covid-19. pdf?sfvrsn=a19cf2ad_2</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The end of 2019 was marked by the emergence of a novel coronavirus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which caused an outbreak of viral pneumonia (COVID-19) in Wuhan, China. At the time of writing, SARS-CoV-2, previously known as 2019-nCoV, has spread to more than 26 countries around the world. According to the WHO COVID-19 situation report-28 released on Feb 17, 2020, more than 71 000 cases have been confirmed and at least 1770 deaths.</p><p>Coronaviruses are a family of single-stranded enveloped RNA viruses that are divided into four major genera. The genome sequence of SARS-CoV-2 is 82% similar to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), 1 and both belong to the β-genus of the coronavirus family. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> Human coronaviruses such as SARS-CoV and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), are known to cause respiratory and enteric symptoms.</p><p>In the SARS outbreak of 2002-03, 16-73% of patients with SARS had diarrhoea during the course of the disease, usually within the first week of illness.</p><p>3 SARS-CoV RNA was only detected in stools from the fifth day of illness onwards, and the proportion of stool specimens positive for viral RNA progressively increased and peaked at day 11 of the illness, with viral RNA still present in the faeces of a small proportion of patients even after 30 days of illness. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">4</ref> The mechanism for gastrointestinal tract infection of SARS-CoV is proposed to be the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) cell receptor. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> In the initial MERS-CoV outbreak in 2012, a quarter of patients with MERS-CoV reported gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhoea or abdominal pain at presentation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">5</ref> Some patients initially presented with both fever and gastrointestinal symptoms before subsequent manifestation of more severe respiratory symptoms. <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">6</ref> Corman and colleagues <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">7</ref> found MERS-CoV RNA in 14·6% of stool samples from patients with MERS-CoV. In-vitro studies have shown that MERS-CoV can infect and replicate in human primary intestinal epithelial cells, potentially via the dipeptidyl peptidase 4 receptor. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">8</ref> In-vivo studies showed inflammation and epithelial degeneration in the small intestines, with subsequent development of pneumonia and brain infection. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">8</ref> These results suggest that MERS-CoV pulmonary infection was secondary to the intestinal infection.</p><p>In early reports from Wuhan, 2-10% of patients with COVID-19 had gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhoea, abdominal pain, and vomiting. <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">10</ref> Abdominal pain was reported more frequently in patients admitted to the intensive care unit than in individuals who did not require intensive care unit care, and 10% of patients presented with diarrhoea and nausea 1-2 days before the development of fever and respiratory symptoms. SARS-CoV-2 RNA has been detected in the stool of a patient in the USA. <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">11</ref> The binding affinity of ACE2 receptors is one of the most important determinants of infectivity, and structural analyses predict that SARS-CoV-2 not only uses ACE2 as its host receptor, but uses human ACE2 more efficiently than the 2003 strain of SARS-CoV (although less efficiently than the 2002 strain). <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> Data exist to support the notion that SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV are viable in environmental conditions that could facilitate faecal-oral transmission. SARS-CoV RNA was found in the sewage water of two hospitals in Beijing treating patients with SARS. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">12</ref> When SARSCoV was seeded into sewage water obtained from the hospitals in a separate experiment, the virus was found to remain infectious for 14 days at 4°C, but for only 2 days at 20°C. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">12</ref> SARS-CoV can survive for up to 2 weeks after drying, remaining viable for up to 5 days at temperatures of 22-25°C and 40-50% relative humidity, with a gradual decline in virus infectivity thereafter. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">13</ref> Viability of the SARS-CoV virus decreased after 24 h at 38°C and 80-90% relative humidity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">13</ref> MERS-CoV is viable in low temperature, low humidity conditions. The virus was viable on different surfaces for 48 h at 20°C and 40% relative humidity, although viability decreased to 8 h at 30°C and 80% relative humidity conditions.</p><p>14 At present, no viability data are available for SARS-CoV-2.</p><p>The viability of SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV under various conditions and their prolonged presence in the environment suggest the potential for coronaviruses to be transmitted via contact or fomites. SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV are both viable in conditions with low temperatures and humidity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[12]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[13]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[14]</ref> Although direct droplet transmission is an important route of transmission, faecal excretion, environmental contamination, and fomites might contribute to viral transmission. Considering the evidence of faecal excretion for both SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV, and their ability to remain viable in conditions that could facilitate faecal-oral transmission, it is possible that SARS-CoV-2 could also be transmitted via this route.</p><p>The possibility of faecal-oral transmission of SARS-CoV-2 has implications, especially in areas with poor sanitation. Coronaviruses are susceptible to antiseptics containing ethanol, and disinfectants containing chlorine or bleach. <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">15</ref> Strict precautions must be observed when handling the stools of patients infected with coronavirus, and sewage from hospitals should also be properly disinfected. The importance of frequent and proper hand hygiene should be emphasised.</p><p>Future research on the possibility of faecal-oral transmission of SARS-CoV-2 should include environmental studies to determine whether the virus remains viable in conditions that would favour such transmission. Study of the enteric involvement and viral excretion of SARS-CoV-2 in faeces is required to investigate whether faecal concentrations of SARS-CoV-2 RNA correlate with the severity of the disease and presence or absence of gastrointestinal symptoms, and whether faecal SARS-CoV-2 RNA can also be detected in the incubation or convalescence phases of COVID-19.</p><p>We declare no competing interests. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Charleen Yeo, Sanghvi Kaushal, *Danson Yeo danson_xw_yeo@ttsh.com.sg Department of General Surgery, Tan Tock Seng Hospital, Singapore 308433</figDesc><table></table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genomic characterization of the 2019 novel human-pathogenic coronavirus isolated from a patient with atypical pneumonia after visiting Wuhan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Microbes Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="257" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Receptor recognition by novel coronavirus from Wuhan: an analysis based on decade-long structural studies of SARS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Shang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Graham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Baric</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI:10.1128/ JVI.00127-20. 3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>J Virol</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of SARS coronavirus in patients with suspected SARS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Poon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="294" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological, demographic, and clinical characteristics of 47 cases of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus disease from Saudi Arabia: a descriptive study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Assiri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Al-Tawfiq</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Al-Rabeeah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="752" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">MERS coronavirus: diagnostics, epidemiology and transmission</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mackay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Arden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virol J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">222</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral shedding and antibody response in 37 patients with Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Corman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Albarrak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Omrani</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="477" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human intestinal tract serves as an alternative infection route for Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sci Adv</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">4966</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical characteristics of 138 hospitalized patients with 2019 novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia in Wuhan, China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1001/jama.2020.1585</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>published online</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of 99 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a descriptive study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">395</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="507" to="520" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">First case of 2019 novel coronavirus in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Holshue</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Debolt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lindquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1056/NEJMoa2001191</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>published online</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration and detection of SARS coronavirus in sewage from Xiao Tang Shan Hospital and the 309th Hospital of the Chinese People&apos;s Liberation Army</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Guo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Sci Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="234" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of temperature and relative humidity on the viability of the SARS coronavirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Peiris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Poon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yuen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Seto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">734690</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stability of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) under different environmental conditions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Van Doremalen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bushmaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Munster</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Euro Surveill</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">20590</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human coronaviruses: insights into environmental resistance and its influence on the development of new antiseptic strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Geller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Varbanov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Duval</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Viruses</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3044" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
