<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:03+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date>April-June 2011</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Dr. Ahmadreza Moradi</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Mycobacteriology Research Center</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Virology Research Center</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">NRITLD</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit3">Masih-Daneshvari Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Shahid Bahonar Ave., 1 Virology Research Center</addrLine>
									<settlement>Darabad, Tehran</settlement>
									<country key="IR">Iran</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">NRITLD, Masih-Daneshvari Hospital</orgName>
								<orgName type="laboratory">Nursing and Respiratory Health Management Research Center, 3 Clinical Tuberculosis and Epidemiology Research Center, 4 Chronic Respiratory Disease Research Center, 5 Pediatric Respiratory Disease Research Center</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Tehran</settlement>
									<country key="IR">Iran</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main"></title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Annals of Thoracic Medicine</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
							<date type="published">April-June 2011</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.4103/1817-1737.78429</idno>
					<note>91</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>O n 11 June 2009, the World Health</head><p>Organization formally confirmed the first pandemic of influenza for 40 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref> A novel influenza A (H1N1) virus, which is a genetic resentment of four influenza A viruses (i.e., swine influenza, human seasonal influenza, avian influenza, and Eurasian swine), began to cause illness in Iran three months after it first emerged in Mexico in March 2009. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref> In the context of 2009 pandemic, clinicians were uncertain regarding the clinical and laboratory findings of H1N1 pneumonias (H1N1). Therefore, identifying factors associated with the death or intensive care unit (ICU) admission of hospitalized patients with 2009 H1N1 is critical in preparation for the potential waves of pandemic H1N1 influenza. Current reports have suggested in addition to many of the previously known risk factors for complications of seasonal influenza, underlying co-morbidities and delayed initiation of antiviral therapy as risk factors for severe disease. <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref> Although during the 2009 pandemic outbreak a large number of individuals who referred to the Emergency Department (ED) with influenza-like illnesses (ILIs) were admitted to regular wards, few patients were admitted to the ICU.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Objective</head><p>To describe the clinical and epidemiological features associated with ICU admission and death of hospitalized patients with 2009 H1N1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head><p>A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted among patients who were hospitalized with confirmed 2009 H1N1 virus infection. Demographic, clinical, laboratory data included; complete blood count, liver function test, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), creatinine blood level (Cr), creatine phosphokinase blood level (CPK), lactate dehydrogenase blood level (LDH), O 2 saturation, sputum culture for bacteria and blood culture, radiological findings, and epidemiologic data were extracted from medical records, using a standardized datasheet. The comparison was done between ICU admitted patients and non-ICU patients. Clinical and laboratory data were compared between patients who died and those who survived.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Setting</head><p>Masih Daneshvari Teaching Hospital is the largest tertiary health care center for patients with respiratory diseases in Tehran, Iran. During the outbreak of 2009 pandemic, this hospital was a reference center for H1N1 cases in Tehran, with the aim of controlling the pandemic. The study was conducted during June through December 2009. All admitted patients with laboratory confirmed H1N1 influenza were included in the study. TM real time PCR machine (USA), according to the protocol developed by the Center for Disease Control (CDC), USA. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref> Statistical analysis Statistical analyses were performed using the SPSS software. The two-sided χ 2 test was used for comparison of categorical variables, with Fisher's correction when needed. The t-test was used for comparison of the continuous variables. To analyze for the ICU admission and mortality, we used logistic regression. A two-tailed P-value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. To determine the independent risk factors, a multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed for the factors which had P &lt; 0.2 in univariate analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Laboratory confirmation</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ethics</head><p>The study was approved by the institutional ethics committee.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>From June through December 2009, 125 of 656 patients who were referred to the hospital with influenza-like illnesses (ILIs) were admitted to regular wards. A retrospective review of 46 hospitalized patients with laboratory confirmed 2009 H1N1 virus infection was carried out.</p><p>Of the 46 patients studied, 20 (43%) were admitted to the ICU and 7 (15%) died. The mean age of patients was 36.9 ± 12.92 years (range: 15-66, median: 32) and only one patient was over 65 years old. The male-to-female ratio was 1.3:1 (26:20). Out the total of 46, 7 patients (15.2%) were cigarette smokers and 10 (21.7%) were drug abusers (Including; opium inhalation in eight patients and intravenous drug abuse (IVDA) in two of them). History of drug abuse was more common among ICU admitted patients and the opium inhalation rate was significantly common in these patients (P = 0.01) [ <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>].</p><p>Of the 46 patients, 21 (45.7%) had at least one underlying medical condition and the most common coexisting condition was asthma with the incidence of 8 (17.4 %) [ <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref>].</p><p>The clinical signs and symptoms included productive cough, hemoptysis, chest pain, confusion, and loss of consciousness (P &lt; 0.05) [ <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>].</p><p>Blood culture and sputum culture were performed for all admitted patients. Positive sputum and/or blood culture was more common in ICU admitted patients. All patients underwent chest radiography on admission and 74% (34/46) had abnormal chest radiograph. Bilateral alveolar opacity was the most common pattern (32.6%). The following findings were relevant to ICU patients: pleural effusion (P = 0.006), laboratory test results indicated higher prevalence of leukopenia, thrombocytopenia and increased level of Cr, elevated liver enzymes, CPK and LDH level (P &lt; 0.05), low O 2 saturation level (P &lt; 0.001) [ <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref>].</p><p>In patients who died, antiviral treatment was initiated at a mean time of 7.42 ± 4.07 days after the onset of illness which was longer than that of the ICU patients (6.42 ± 3.54) and other patients who survived (5.29 ± 3.68). Mean ICU stay duration was longer among patients who died (21.71 ± 19.05 vs. 10.5 ± 5.7, P = 0.07). Mortality findings included: elderly patients (mean age: 43 ± 14.29 vs. 34.64 ± 12.46), higher levels of ESR, and long-term mechanical ventilation (mean ventilation day: 15.14 vs. 1.08, P = 0.006).</p><p>Out of the total number of 46, 15 were co-infected with seasonal influenza A virus, including 2 out of 7 of dead patients (P &gt; 0.05). Six out of 15 co-infected patients needed ICU admission during their hospitalization. To analyze for the ICU admission and mortality, a multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed and revealed no significant difference between study groups.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>During the spring of 2009, pandemic H1N1 influenza virus caused human infection and acute respiratory illness in Mexico. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref> Rates of hospitalization and death have varied widely according to country. <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref> In the United States, approximately 9-31% of hospitalized patients with pandemic influenza were admitted to the ICU, with a mortality rate of 14-46%. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref> As there were limited data about developing countries, we evaluated factors associated with ICU admission and in-patient mortality in a tertiary care center in Iran.</p><p>Although some underlying conditions are known as risk factors for complications from 2009 H1N1 virus infection, <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref> we did not find any significant difference between the ICU patient admissions and other patients. More than half of patients (54%) with 2009 H1N1 virus infections who were hospitalized had no reported coexisting medical conditions. This finding is compatible with other studies around the globe. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16]</ref> Only one survived ICU patient was HIV-1 positive. The principal clinical symptoms leading to ICU admission were chest pain, hemoptysis, purulent sputum, altered mental status, loss of consciousness, and severe hypoxemia. These findings are similar to the finding of other studies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14]</ref> Like previous studies <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14]</ref> laboratory findings include normal or low leukocyte counts. Elevations in levels of serum aminotransferases, LDH, CPK, Cr, and ESR were documented in ICU patients. The presence of thrombocytopenia was a common finding, but there was no significant difference between the two groups.</p><p>Radiographic findings in chest X-ray commonly included bilateral ground-glass opacities, patchy infiltrates, and alveolar consolidation. Among various radiographic findings, pleural effusions were considered as an ICU admission risk factor.</p><p>Bacterial pneumonia was not a common finding in either patient population. Although usually it is caused by Staphylococcus aureus (often methicillin-resistant), Streptococcus pneumoniae, and S. pyogenes, <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17]</ref> our findings indicated Acinetobacter, Pseudomonas, and Coagulase negative staphylococci in a minority of patients.</p><p>The burden and nature of the disease in developing countries is still incompletely understood. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref> The study has some limitations, including retrospective design, small study population, and being conducted in a tertiary referral center. Due to limitations listed above, some important information, like the history of seasonal flu vaccination, was missing.</p><p>The mortality rate in the study population was high but compared favorably with other published studies. Severe pandemic H1N1 influenza necessitating admission to the ICU was associated with delayed initiation of antiviral therapy,  history of opium inhalation, and some symptoms including; productive cough, hemoptysis, chest pain, confusion, and loss of consciousness.</p><p>A significant higher rate of opium addiction in ICU patients supports the idea that it could predispose patients to severe infection [ <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>]. So this risk factor could be more evaluated during the future pandemics.</p><p>As Frederick et al. believe delay in antiretroviral therapy is a risk factor for severe infection and mortality, the results confirmed that the idea, however, it was not significant due to small number of population study (7.42 ± 4.07 vs. 5.29 ± 3.68). <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref> Further investigation of respiratory specimens revealed 32.6% of patients had coinfection of seasonal influenza A and pandemic H1N1 virus. However, this finding has no significant relation with mortality. This finding should be considered during future potential pandemics. Despite these associations, the lack of a control group limits the ability to extrapolate from this observation. Further research and analysis is required for clarification of many complex and interrelated factors involved in the outcomes of pandemic H1N1 influenza.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>[</head><label></label><figDesc>Downloaded free from http://www.thoracicmedicine.org on Monday, October 03, 2016, IP: 2.188.26.153]</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Fermentas LIFE SCIENCES) according to the manufacturer's instruction. The presence of the pandemic H1N1 2009 infection was confirmed by real-time reverse-transcriptase-polymerase- chain-reaction (rRT-PCR), run on BioRad CFX96</figDesc><table>Respiratory tract specimens (including; nasopharyngeal 
aspirates/swabs, and endotracheal/bronchoscopic aspirates) 
were properly treated at the virology laboratory immediately. 
Nucleic acid was extracted with QIAamp 
® Viral RNA Mini 
Kit (QIAGEN GmbH, Germany) and Invisorb 
® Spin Virus 
RNA Mini Kit (Invitek, Germany). cDNA was synthesized 
by RevertAid 
TM H Minus First Strand cDNA synthesis kit 
(</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head>Table 1 :</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Baseline characteristics of hospitalized patients with laboratory-confirmed 2009 pandemic (H1N1) influenza*P values are for the comparison of patients admitted to ICU and regular wards; missing data were excluded. ¶ The P value was calculated with the use of the t-test. † The P value was calculated with the use of a two-sided χ 2 -test. ‡ The P value was calculated with the use of a two-sided Fisher's exact test because of the small number of patients (in one or both groups). # Patients could have more than one symptom; ICU: Intensive care unit, IVDU: Intra venous drug user</figDesc><table>Characteristic 
Total (n = 46) 
ICU (n = 20) 
Hospital (other than 
ICU) (n = 26) 

P value* 

Demographic factors 
Age in years 
Mean 
35.91 ± 1.3 
36.9 ± 12.9 
35.15 ± 13.17 
0.655 

 ¶ 

Range 
15-66 
21-66 
15-61 
Female gender, % 
43.5 
50 
38.4 
0.31 

 † 

Smoker, % 
15.2 
20 
11.5 
0.35 

 ‡ 

Opium use, % 
17.4 
35 
3.8 
0.01 

 ‡ 

IVDU, % 
4.3 
10 
0 
0.18 

 ‡ 

Alcohol use, % 
0 
-
-
Close contact with H1N1 cases, % 
10.9 
5 
15.4 
0.36 

 ‡ 

Mean time interval between beginning of 
symptoms to admission, days 

5.6 ± 3.8 
6.4 ± 3.5 
5 ± 3.9 

Reported symptoms, % 

# 

Cough 
97.8 
95 
100 
0.43 

 ‡ 

Fever 
91.3 
90 
96.2 
0.57 

 ‡ 

Chills 
80.4 
85 
80.8 
0.99 

 ‡ 

Sputum 
78.3 
95 
65.4 
0.02 

 ‡ 

Dyspnea 
78.3 
90 
69 
0.08 

 ‡ 

Myalgia 
69.6 
70 
69.2 
0.95 

 † 

Chest pain 
39.1 
55 
26.9 
0.05 

 ‡ 

Sweat 
37 
50 
26.9 
0.10 

 † 

Diarrhea 
34.8 
35 
34.6 
0.97 

 † 

Hemoptysis 
30.4 
55 
11.5 
0.03 

 ‡ 

Vomiting 
28.3 
20 
34.6 
0.33 

 ‡ 

Headache 
15.2 
5 
23.1 
0.11 

 ‡ 

Altered mental status 
13 
30 
0 
0.004 

 ‡ 

Abdominal pain 
8.7 
5 
11.5 
0.62 

 ‡ 

Loss of consciousness 
8.7 
20 
0 
0.03 

 ‡ 

Sore throat 
4.3 
0 
7.7 
0.49 

 ‡ 

Coinfection with seasonal influenza A 
32.6 
30 
34.6 
0.49 

 † 

Outcome, % 
Need to mechanical ventilation 
26.1 
60 
0 
0.001 

 ‡ 

ICU stay, day 
N/A 
14.63 ± 13.11 
N/A 
N/A 
Ventilation day 
N/A 
6.26 ± 11.48 
N/A 
N/A 
Death 
15.2 
30 
3.8 
0.03 

 ‡ 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head>Table 2 :</head><label>2</label><figDesc>*P values are for the comparison of patients admitted to ICU and regular wards; missing data were excluded. † The P value was calculated with the use of a two- sided χ 2 -test. ‡ The P value was calculated with the use of a two-sided Fisher's exact test because of the small number of patients (in one or both groups). ║ The P value was calculated with the use of the t-test. § Patients could have more than one symptom coexisting illness. ¶ Including lymphoma (1), multiple myloma (1), sarcoma (1), Hodgkin's lymphoma (1). † † One cardiac transplantation and one lung transplantation. § § Including common variable immunodeficiency (CVID).</figDesc><table>Co-existing conditions, para clinical data, and treatment regimen of hospitalized patients with laboratory-
confirmed 2009 pandemic (H1N1) influenza 

Characteristic 
Total (n = 46) 
ICU (n = 20) 
Hospital (other than ICU) (n = 26) 
P value* 
Lab data, % 
Leukocytosis 
25.6 
25 
26.1 
0.9 

 † 

Leukocytopenia 
11.6 
20 
4.3 
0.1 

 ‡ 

Thrombocytopenia 
41.9 
55 
30.4 
0.1 

 † 

Anemia 
34.9 
35 
34.8 
0.9 

 † 

Elevated LFT 
65.2 
85 
54.2 
0.05 

 ‡ 

CPK 
440 ± 567 
639 ± 696 
259 ± 342 
0.02 

║ 

LDH 
825 ± 609 
115 ± 727 
550 ± 286 
0.001 

║ 

ESR 
45.9 ± 35.2 
47.5 ± 36.4 
44.3 ± 35 
0.7 

║ 

O 2 saturation 
79.3 ± 12.9 
70 ± 12.2 
87.3 ± 6.8 
0.000 

║ 

Cr 
1.1 ± 1.1 
1.4 ± 1.57 
0.9 ± 0.2 
0.16 

║ 

Positive sputum culture for bacteria, % 
19.6 
30 
11.5 
0.1 

 ‡ 

Acinetobacter 
8.7 
Pseudomonas 
6.5 
Coagulase negative staphylococci 
4.3 
Positive blood culture, % 
10.9 
15 
7.7 
0.6 

 ‡ 

E. coli 
4.3 
Pseudomonas 
4.3 
Acinetobacter 
2.3 
Abnormal chest X-ray findings, % 
73.9 
95 
57.7 
0.006 

 ‡ 

Bilateral 
80 
90 
66.7 
0.1 

 † 

Ground glass 
42.9 
50 
33.3 
Patchy 
32.6 
30 
33.3 
Consolidation 
25.7 
20 
33.3 
Pleural effusion 
8.7 
20 
0 
0.03 

 ‡ 

Pneumothorax 
4.3 
10 
0 
0.2 

 ‡ 

Coexisting conditions, % 

 § 

Any 
45.7 
45 
46 
0.5 

 † 

Asthma 
17.4 
20 
15 
0.7 

 ‡ 

Malignancy 

 ¶ 

8.7 
5 
11 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Hypertension 
8.7 
5 
11 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Transplantation 

 † † 

4.3 
0 
8 
0.3 

 ‡ 

COPD 
4.3 
5 
3.8 
0.6 

 ‡ 

HIV 
2.3 
5 
0 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Diabetes 
2.3 
0 
3.8 
0.5 

 ‡ 

Chronic renal failure 
2.3 
5 
0 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Primary immune deficiency 

 § § 

2.3 
5 
0 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Treatment regimen 
Oseltamivir 
100 
100 
100 
Antibiotic 
97.8 
100 
97.8 
0.5 

 ‡ 

Ceftriaxone 
93.5 
100 
88.5 
0.2 

 ‡ 

Azithromycin 
95.7 
100 
92.3 
0.4 

 ‡ 

Vancomycin 
52.2 
90 
23.1 
0.000 

 ‡ 

Corticosteroids 
73.9 
95 
57.7 
0.006 

 ‡ 

Intravenous immunoglobulin 
4.3 
10 
0 
0.1 

 ‡ 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">[Downloaded free from http://www.thoracicmedicine.org on Monday, October 03, 2016, IP: 2.188.26.153]</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank NRITLD for its generous support as well as the dedicated team of nurses and community health care workers at Masih Daneshvari Hospital, Tehran, Iran. The authors would like to thank Kimberly Field RN, MSN, from National Tuberculosis Controllers Association for her kind review of the manuscript and invaluable comments.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Author Help: Reference checking facility</head><p>The manuscript system (www.journalonweb.com) allows the authors to check and verify the accuracy and style of references. The tool checks the references with PubMed as per a predefined style. Authors are encouraged to use this facility, before submitting articles to the journal.</p><p>• The style as well as bibliographic elements should be 100% accurate, to help get the references verified from the system. Even a single spelling error or addition of issue number/month of publication will lead to an error when verifying the reference.</p><p>• Example of a correct style Sheahan P, O'leary G, Lee G, Fitzgibbon J. Cystic cervical metastases: Incidence and diagnosis using fine needle aspiration biopsy. Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 2002;127:294-8.</p><p>• Only the references from journals indexed in PubMed will be checked.</p><p>• Enter each reference in new line, without a serial number.</p><p>• Add up to a maximum of 15 references at a time.</p><p>• If the reference is correct for its bibliographic elements and punctuations, it will be shown as CORRECT and a link to the correct article in PubMed will be given.</p><p>• If any of the bibliographic elements are missing, incorrect or extra (such as issue number), it will be shown as INCORRECT and link to possible articles in PubMed will be given.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World now at start of 2009 influenza pandemic. World Health Organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/statements/2009/h1n1_pandemic_phase6_20090611/en/index.Html" />
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>cited in 2009 Jun</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Novel swine-origin influenza A (H1N1) virus investigation team. Emergence of a novel swine-origin influenza in humans</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">360</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2605" to="2620" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pneumonia and respiratory failure from swine-origin influenza A (H1N1) in Mexico</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Perez-Padilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>De La Rosa-Zamboni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ponce</forename><surname>De Leon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hernandez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Quinones-Falconi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Bautistia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="680" to="689" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influenza A (H1N1) pandemic in Iran: Report of first confirmed cases from</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gooya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Soroush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mokhtari-Azad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Haghdoost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hemati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Moghadami</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Iran Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Critical care services and 2009 H1N1 influenza in Australia and New Zealand</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Anzic Influenza Investigators</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Webb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Pettilä</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Seppelt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bellomo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1925" to="1959" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intensive-care patients with severe novel influenza A (H1N1) virus infection: Michigan</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="749" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Severe human influenza infections in Thailand: Oseltamivir treatment and risk factors for fatal outcome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Hanshaoworakul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Simmerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Narueponjirakul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Sanasuttipun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Shinde</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kaewchana</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">6051</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hospitalized patients with 2009 H1N1 influenza in the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Kamimoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bramley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Schmitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Benoit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Louie</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1935" to="1979" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">CDC protocol of real-time RT-PCR for swine influenza A (H1N1)</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/resources/publications/swineflu/realtimeptpcr/en/index.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-04-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Available from</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission dynamics and impact of pandemic influenza A (H1N1) 2009 virus</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="485" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors associated with death or hospitalization due to pandemic 2009 influenza A(H1N1) infection in California</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Louie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Acosta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Winter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Jean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gavali</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Schechter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">302</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1896" to="902" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Critically Ill patients with 2009 influenza A (H1N1) in Mexico</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Domínguez-Cherit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lapinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Macias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Pinto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Espinosaperez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>De La Torre</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">302</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1880" to="1887" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Critical care services and 2009 H1N1 influenza in Australia and New Zealand</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The ANZIC Influenza Investigators</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1925" to="1959" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Critically ill patients with 2009 influenza A(H1N1) infection in Canada</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Zarychanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Pinto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Marshall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lacroix</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">302</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1872" to="1881" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical aspects of pandemic 2009 influenza a (H1N1) virus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Hayden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">362</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1708" to="1727" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mortality from pandemic A/H1N1 2009 influenza in England: public health surveillance study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Donaldson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Rutter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ellis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Greaves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mytton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pebody</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMJ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">339</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">5213</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lung pathology in fatal novel human influenza A (H1N1) infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mauad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hajjar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Callegari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Da Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Schout</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Galas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">181</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="72" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influenza in Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Yazdanbakhsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kremsner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1000182</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors associated with death or intensive care unit admission due to pandemic 2009 influenza A (H1N1) infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Tabarsi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Moradi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Marjani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Baghaei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hashemian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nadji</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Thorac Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Source of Support: Nil, Conflict of Interest: None declared</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
