<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:04+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Recent respiratory and enteric adenovirus infection in children in the Manchester area</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="1988-01">January 1988</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MB</roleName><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Richmond</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="laboratory">North Manchester Regional Virus Laboratory</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Booth Hall Children&apos;s Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Manchester</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MD</roleName><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="laboratory">North Manchester Regional Virus Laboratory</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Booth Hall Children&apos;s Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Manchester</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="laboratory">North Manchester Regional Virus Laboratory</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Booth Hall Children&apos;s Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Manchester</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bailey</forename><surname>Fimls</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="laboratory">North Manchester Regional Virus Laboratory</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Booth Hall Children&apos;s Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Manchester</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Recent respiratory and enteric adenovirus infection in children in the Manchester area</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page">15</biblScope>
							<date type="published" when="1988-01">January 1988</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>adenoviruses, human</term>
					<term>DNA restriction enzymes</term>
					<term>microscopy, electron, immune</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"> <ref type="figure">Figure 2</ref><p>. Group F adenoviruses comprised 15.7% of all the viruses detected in the stool specimens, and they were second in prevalence to rotaviruses <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>. Unlike the rotavirus infections, which occurred   predominantly as annual winter epidemics, group F adenoviruses appeared to be endemic in Manchester throughout the period of study <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Figure 3)</ref>. The age distribution of children from whom group F viruses were recovered also differed significantly from children with rotavirus infection. The peak incidence of group F adenovirus infection occurred in children under 6 months old, whereas the peak incidence of rotavirus infection was at 13-24 months <ref type="figure" target="#fig_1">(Figure 4)</ref>. Moreover, the proportion of children under 6 months old with group F adenovirus infection was significantly greater than the proportion with rotavirus infection in the same age group (x(l) with Yates's correction=14.8, P=0.0003).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>The recent epidemic of adenovirus type 3 and 7 infection in Manchester provided the opportunity to investigate the extent of genetic variation that was occurring in a community outbreak of group B adenovirus infection. It also allowed us to investigate the possibility that particular adenovirus genome variants were associated with particular clinical syndromes, as has been suggested by Wadell3.   after rotaviruses, the most frequent virus identified in stools of children with gastroenteritis. Unlike rotaviruses, they appear to be endemic rather than epidemic; the reason for this different seasonal distribution of two viruses, both presumably spread by the faecal-oral route, is not known.</p><p>The different age distribution of children with gastroenteritis due to rotaviruses and group F adenoviruses, which has also been noted in one other study11, may be because enteric adenovirus infection is actually commoner than rotavirus infection in babies under 6 months old. Alternatively, it may be because asymptomatic rotavirus carriage is common in this age group'2. Whichever the case, this study shows that enteric adenovirus infection is a particularly important cause of morbidity due to gastroenteritis in children under 6 months old.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Figure 3. Endemic pattern ofgroup F adenoviruses identified at NMRVL between July 1983 and March 1986, compared with annual winter epidemics of rotavirus infection</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Figure 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Figure 4. Age distribution of children with gastroenteritis due to group F adenoviruses and rotaviruses between July 1984 and March 1986. Figures in brackets show total number of viruses in each age group</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Introduction Three clinically and epidemiologically distinct patterns of adenovirus infection can be recognized in children, each caused by a different group of adenoviruses. Types 1, 2, 5 and 6 (group C) are endemic in children under 5 years old. They are a common cause of mild respiratory tract infection, and prolonged asymptomatic shedding of these viruses in the stools frequently occurs after primary infection. Adenovirus types 3 and 7 (the commonest members of group B) cause community epidemics of respiratory and ocular disease every few years; they are particularly severe respiratory pathogens in children under one year, when infection is occasionally fatal, or it may cause permanent pulmonary damagel. In contrast, adenovirus types 40 and 41 (group F) are enteric rather than respiratory pathogens and they are an important cause of infantile gastroenteritis2. Group B and C adenoviruses are usually diagnosed by isolation of the virus in cell culture, followed by identification ofthe serotype by neutralization tests, but group F adenoviruses grow poorly in conventional cell cultures and are recognized by electronmicroscopy (EM) of the stools. This report describes recent infections due to groups B and F adenoviruses in children in the Manchester area. The genetic variation amongst adenovirus types 3 and 7 isolated during a recent community epidemic was identified by restriction endonuclease (RE) analysis, and correlated with clinical and epidemi- ological findings. The aims were (a) to see whether genetic variation occurred during the course of the epidemic; and (b) to examine the suggestion that particular genome variants may be associated with particular clinical presentations3. Secondly, the pattern of adenovirus F infection in children with gastroenteritis was studied over a 3-year period. An immune EM technique was introduced for definitive diagnosis of these viruses, and their incidence and seasonality was compared with that of rotavirus infections over the same period.described4. Group F adenoviruses were identified by EM of stool specimens from children with gastroenteritis submitted to the NMRVL between July 1983 and March 1986. Faecal extracts of these stool specimens were also inoculated into the 4 cell lines (human embryo fibroblasts, rhesus monkey kidney, Vero and HEp-2 cells) used routinely for virus isolation at the NMRVL. Between July 1983 and June 1984, a presumptive diagnosis of adenovirus F infection was made if adenovirus particles were seen by EM which could not be recovered in cell culture. After July 1984, all adenoviruses seen by EM were re-examined by an immune EM technique which definitively distinguishes the enteric adenoviruses from other adenovirus serotypes6. Other viruses seen by EM in the stool specimens (viz., rotavirus, astrovirus, coronavirus, calicivirus and Norwalk-like viruses) were identified by morphological criteria only. RE analysis of adenovirus genomes For this analysis, 32P-labelled adenoviruses were grown in Graham 293 cells6 in wells of microtitre plates, and restriction enzymes Sma I, Bam HI, Pvu II, Sst Jl, Bgl I, Pst I, Hind HI and Bst II (Bethesda Research Laboratories, Paisley, Scotland) were used as previously described4. All 77 group B adenovirus isolates were analysed with all the above enzymes; in addition, the DNA of 74 group F adenoviruses was analysed by digestion with Sma I and Hind III.are shown in Figure 1, and contrasted with the recovery of the endemic adenoviruses types 2 and 5 from clinical material submitted to the NMRVL over the same period oftime. The peak ofthe epidemic of both types 3 and 7 occurred in April 1985.isolated at the NMRVL between July 1983 and June 1985, compared with the endemic pattern ofadenovirus types 2 and 5 that were recovered over the same period of time Table 1 summarizes the clinical presentation and age distribution ofpatients infected with adenovirus types 3 and 7; 59 (81%) of these viruses were recovered from children under 15 years, the majority of whom were under 5 years. There was one fatality, a 9-month-oldConsiderable genetic variation was identified in these group B adenoviruses and detailed DNA cleavage patterns obtained have already been described4. Approximately similar numbers of three different type 7 genotypes were found, all variants of the previously described type 7b variant7, and nine distinct type 3 genotypes were identified. However, the distribution ofthese variants did not alter during</figDesc><table>Methods 
Source of viruses 
Group B adenoviruses (44 type 7 and 29 type 3) 
recovered from patients referred to hospitals within 
the catchment area of the North Manchester Regional 
Virus Laboratory (NMRVL) between August 1983 and 
February 1985 were studied. Techniques for virus 
isolation and identification have already been 

Results 
Group B adenoviruses 
The epidemic pattern of the 73 adenovirus types 3 
and 7 Paper read to 
Section of 
Paediatrics, 
24 May 1986 

0141-0768/88/ 

010015-04/$02.00/0 

i 1988 
The Royal 
Society of 

Medicine EPIDEMIC (GROUP B) 
ENDEMIC (GROUP C) 

a. a a a. a. a 

4L 
A 

I 
1983 
1984 
1985 1983 
1984 
1965 

Figure 1. Epidemic pattern of adenovirus types 3 and 7 

girl infected with adenovirus type 7 who died of 
pneumonia and encephalitis. Adenovirus type 3 was 
rarely recovered from children under one year; 
otherwise clinical presentations of the two viruses 
were similar, with the majority of infections 
presenting as acute respiratory disease or pharyngo-
conjunctival fever in children, but as follicular 
conjunctivitis in older patients. 
Table 1. Clinical presentation and age distribution of 29 
patients with adenovirus type 3 and 44 patients with 
adenovirus type 7 infections 

No. ofpatients of age (in years) 
Clinical 
presentation 
&lt;1 
1-4 
5-14 
&gt;14 

RTI 
50 
20 

4 
2 

PCF 

5 
7 
1 

FC 

10 

Other 

2 
10 
5 
2 

RTI, respiratory tract infection; PCF, pharyngoconjunctival 

fever; FC, follicular conjunctivitis; other, predominant 

symptoms diarrhoea and/or pyrexia 

*One 9-month-old girl died ofadenovirus type 7 pneumonia 

and encephalitis 

Figure 2. DNA cleavage patterns ofadenoviruses frequently 
present in stool specimens from young children obtained by 
digestion with Hind III. Group F adenoviruses (types 40 and 
41a) can, both be clearly distinguished from Group C adeno-
viruses (types 1, 2, 5 and 6). (Two lanes of adenovirus 
type 6 are shown) 

the course of the epidemic, neither were particular 
genome variants associated with particular clinical 
presentations. 

Group F adenoviruses 
Adenoviruses were seen by EM in 186 (5.8%) of 3202 
stool specimens, and 132 (4.1%) were identified 
as group F (46 presumptive and 86 definitive). Con-

firmation ofthe specificity ofthe immune EM technique 

was obtained when 74 viruses identified as group F by 
immune EM were analysed with REs and identified as 

type 40 (15 viruses) or type 41a (59 viruses)8. A 

comparison of the RE analysis of these two viruses 
and types 1, 2, 5 and 6 (which are also often recovered 
from stools of young children) is shown in </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="true"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Viruses identified in 3202 stool specimens firom</figDesc><table>children with gastroenteritis 

Virus 
Number (%) 

Rotavirus 

599 

(18.7) 

Adenovirus group F 

132 

(4.1) 
Other adenoviruses 

54 

( 1.7) 
Other viruses* 
57 

( 1.8) 

*Astrovirus (26), calicivirus (12), Norwalk-like virus (10), 
coronavirus (9) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Although considerable genetic variation was identified, particularly amongst type 3 isolates, this variation did not appear to affect clinical presentation, neither was there any evidence of genetic instability of the variants identified during the course of the epidemic. Comparable genetic variation was identified in a community outbreak of follicular conjunctivitis due to adenovirus type 3 in Glasgow in 1981, when six different genome variants were identified in 38 isolates by O'Donnell and co- workers9. As in our study, these authors were unable to correlate differences in clinical presentation with differences in the viral genome. The significance of the genetic heterogeneity of these group B adeno- viruses therefore remains obscure. However, RE analysis provides a powerful new tool for studying the epidemiology of adenovirus infection. Long-term studies will provide useful data on the genetic stability ofthe genome variants and the relevance of this to epidemics of group B adenovirus infection. Group F adenoviruses are now firmly established as causative agents of gastroenteritis in young children2. This study, in common with those of Uhnoo2 and Madeley'0, shows that these agents are,</figDesc><table></table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An outbreak of adenovirus type 7 infection in children in Montreal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Nogrady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Spence</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wigglesworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Can Med Assoc J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="434" to="443" />
			<date type="published" when="1973" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Importance of enteric adenoviruses 40 and 41 in acute gastroenteritis in infants and young children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Uhnoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wadell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Svensson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Johansson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="365" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular epidemiology of human adenoviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wadell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Top Microbiol Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="230" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic heterogeneity of recent isolates of adenovirus types 3, 4 and 7</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Richmond</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immune electron microscopy for adenovirus types 40 and 41 in stool specimens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Med Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="191" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Characteristics of a human cell line transformed by DNA from human adenovirus type 5</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Graham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Smiley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Nairn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gen Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="59" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic variability of adenoviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Wadell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hamnarskjold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Winberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Varsanyi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sundell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann N Y Acad Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">354</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genome variants of adenovirus 41 (subgroup G) from children with diarrhoea in Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kidd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Med Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genome analysis of species 3 adenoviruses isolated during summer outbreaks of conunctivitis and pharyngoconjunctival fever in the Glasgow and London areas in 1981</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;donnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Payne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Mautner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Desselberger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Med Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="240" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The emerging role of adenoviruses as inducers of gastroenteritis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Madely</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="563" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adenoviruses and pediatric gastroenteritis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Brandt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rodrigues</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">151</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="480" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rotavirus carriage, asymptomatic infection, and disease in the first two years of life. I. Virus shedding</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Champsaur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Questiaux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Prevot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">149</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="667" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
