<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:04+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Viral Etiology of Severe Pneumonia Among Kenyan Infants and Children</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>FRCPCH</roleName><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Berkley</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MSc</roleName><forename type="first">Patrick</forename><surname>Munywoki</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>HND</roleName><forename type="first">Mwanajuma</forename><surname>Ngama</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>RN</roleName><forename type="first">Sidi</forename><surname>Kazungu</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>HND</roleName><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Abwao</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>HND</roleName><forename type="first">Anne</forename><surname>Bett</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>BSc</roleName><forename type="first">Ria</forename><surname>Lassauniére</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">Tina</forename><surname>Kresfelder</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">Patricia</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cane</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">Marietjie</forename><surname>Venter</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Anthony</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">Frcp</forename><forename type="middle">D James</forename><surname>Nokes</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Centre for Geographic Medicine Research</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Medical Virology</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">Faculty of Health Sci-ences</orgName>
								<orgName type="laboratory">Centre for Clinical Vaccinology &amp; Tropical Medi-cine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Kenya Medical Research Institute (KEMRI)</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">University of Oxford</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Oxford</settlement>
									<country>England (</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Biological Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="laboratory">Ms Lassaunié re and Drs Kresfelder and Venter); Centre for Infections, Health Protection Agency, Colindale, London, England (Dr Cane); Respiratory Virus Unit, National In-stitute for Communicable Diseases, Sandringham, South Africa (Dr Venter);</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Pretoria</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Pretoria</settlement>
									<country>South Africa (</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Warwick</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>England (Dr Nokes</addrLine>
									<postBox>PO Box 230</postBox>
									<postCode>80108</postCode>
									<settlement>Coventry, Kilifi</settlement>
									<country key="KE">Kenya</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Viral Etiology of Severe Pneumonia Among Kenyan Infants and Children</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTION</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>P</head><p>NEUMONIA IS THE LEADING CAUSE of childhood death in subSaharan Africa. The main means for controlling disease and death due to pneumonia are infant vaccination and case management. Thus, establishing the contribution to severe disease of individual pathogens and vaccine efficacy in infancy are essential to reducing the burden of disease.</p><p>Observational studies, including microbial cultures and vaccine probe studies, have identified Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae as the mostcommonbacterialcauses.</p><p>1,2 Bothare preventable by currently available conjugate vaccines. Consequently, other bacteria, eg, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and Pneumocystis jiroveci, and respiratory viruses are becoming of increased importance. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> Vaccines currently exist or are in development for several respiratory viruses including respiratory syncytial virus(RSV),influenzatypeA(FLUAV),and Human parainfluenza virus 3 (HPIV-3), including combinations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref> In previous studies in sub-Saharan Africa, viral etiology of pneumonia has been examined by antigen detection, serology, and viral culture. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref> The development of molecular methods has led to 2 advances in viral diagnosis: increased sensitivity and the discovery of new viruses of clinical importance. However, the high sensitivity of molecular diagnostics raises questions about specificity since viral nucleic acid sequences may be detected in healthy children and may persist after illness. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> The detection of multiple respiratory viruses by molecular methods in individual cases further underlines this etiological quandary. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13</ref> To date, we have found no published studies reporting comprehensive viral etiology of pneumonia among children in sub-Saharan Africa using sensitive molecular diagnostic methods.</p><p>We aimed to determine viral etiology, incidence, and clinical features among infants and children meeting World Health Organization (WHO) clinical criteria for severe pneumonia or very severe pneumonia admitted to a rural Kenyan district hospital.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHODS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Location</head><p>The study was conducted at Kilifi District Hospital in a rural area on the Kenyan coast. Humidity is high throughout the year and there are 2 annual rainy seasons, April through July and November through December. <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14</ref> The area is endemic for malaria, with declining transmission over the last 10 years. H influenzae type b conjugate vaccine, given with the diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and pertussis vaccine to infants aged 6, 10, and 14 weeks, was introduced in 2001. Coverage of these vaccines (third dose) and measles vaccine administered at 9 months of age are greater than 90%. <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15</ref> Conjugate pneumococcal vaccine had not been introduced at the time of this study.</p><p>The Collaborative Research Programme between the Kenya Medical Research Institute (KEMRI) and the Wellcome Trust provides clinical care on the hospital pediatric wards and a demographic surveillance system covering an area of approximately 900 km, 2 which is within 50 km north, 50 km south, and 30 km west of the hospital, and includes a population of approximately 240 000. The area was mapped in 2000 and every building was registered by global positioning system. The population register is updated for births, deaths, and migration events by household visits with 3 re-enumeration rounds each year. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16</ref> All field-based data are checked, double-entered, and verified within 48 hours of acquisition. Since 2002, patients admitted to the hospital are individually identified on the population register. In 2007, approximately 65% of pediatric admissions were confirmed residents of the census area.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participants and Clinical Methods</head><p>We included all children aged 1 day to 12 years residing in the census area and who were admitted to the pediatric wards between January 1, 2007, and December <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">31,</ref><ref type="bibr">2007</ref>, and met WHO criteria for the clinical syndromes of severe pneumonia (cough or difficult breathing plus lower chest wall indrawing and no signs of very severe pneumonia) or very severe pneumonia (cough or difficult breathing plus at least 1 of hypoxia, defined as an oxygen saturation Ͻ90% by fingertip pulse oximetry [Covidien-Nellcor, Boulder, Colorado], inability to drink or breast feed, inability to sit, or impaired consciousness at admission, <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> including infants younger than 2 months of age).</p><p>Clinicians were trained in the recognition of the clinical signs used in the WHO criteria through teaching sessions that included videos, practical demonstrations, and additional bedside training on the wards. Clinical findings were individually recorded for each item of history or examination in a database during the admission assessment. Next, a standardized set of investigations were performed including complete blood cell count (Beckman Coulter Inc, Brea, California), blood film for malaria parasites (stained with Giemsa and read at ϫ1000 magnification), blood culture (Bactec PedsPlus [Becton Dickinson and Co, Franklin Lakes, New Jersey]) processed by standard methods, <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18</ref> and a nasal wash sample. <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19</ref> Nasal washes were conducted between 8 AM and 10 PM daily. Nasal wash was not performed on infants and children with severe respiratory or cardiovascular compromise.</p><p>Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) testing was performed according to the Kenyan national policy for all pediatric hospital admissions using 2 rapid antibody tests: Determine (Inverness Medical Innovations Inc, Waltham, Massachusetts) and Unigold (Trinity Biotech, Bray, Ireland). Children and their families who tested HIV positive were given further counseling and referred to the hospital comprehensive HIV care clinic.</p><p>For this analysis, capillary refill time of 3 seconds or more was used as a marker of circulatory shock. Severe anemia was defined as a hemoglobin level of less than 5 g/dL. Severe malnutrition was defined as weight-for-height z score of less than −3 (National Centers for Health Statistics reference standards, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, Georgia) or kwashiorkor. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> Treatment for pneumonia and other conditions was according to current WHO guidelines. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> To estimate the association of respiratory viral infection with severe disease, we recruited 2 further sets of children resident in the census area by convenience sampling from May 1, 2007, to <ref type="bibr">April 30, 2008</ref>: children with mild upper respiratory tract infection (URTI)-including symptoms of cough, runny or blocked nose, sore throat, or sneezing, being managed as outpatients and not meeting any criteria for pneumonia; and well infants and children-without any symptoms or signs of upper or lower respiratory infection attending for routine immunization at the hospital. After obtaining clinical history and examining these participants, a nasal wash specimen was taken.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Laboratory Methods</head><p>Nasal wash samples were stored at −80°C and batch analyzed at study end at the University of Pretoria, South Africa. Total viral nucleic acids were extracted from 200 µL of the respiratory specimens using the Magnapure LC Total Nucleic Acid Isolation Kit (Roche, Manheim, Germany), following manufacturer instructions. Complementary DNA was synthesized using Expand Reverse Transcriptase (Roche). Realtime polymerase chain reactions (PCRs) were performed using the LightCycler Fast Start DNA MasterPLUS HybProbe kit (Roche) for the following: Human adenovirus (HAdV), Human para-influenza virus 1 (HPIV-1), Human parainfluenza virus 2 (HPIV-2), HPIV-3, RSV, FLUAV, influenza type B, Human metapneumovirus (HMPV), Human bocavirus (HBoV), Human coronavirus OC43 (HCoV-OC43), HCoV/Hong Kong, HCoV-229E, and HCoV-NL63. PCR amplicons for DNA sequencing were gel purified using the Wizard SV gel and PCR Clean-Up System (Promega, Madison, Wisconsin), according to the manufacturer's instructions. DNA sequencing was performed with specific primers using the ABI PRISM BigDye Terminator Cycle Sequencing Reaction kit (version 3.1) on an ABI PRISM 3130 DNA sequencer (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, California), following manufacturer instructions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Statistical Analysis</head><p>Statistical analysis was performed using STATA 9.1 (Stata Corp, College Station, Texas). Eligibility and classification of the clinical syndromes of pneumonia were determined from the original record of each item of medical history and examination in the database.</p><p>Incidence rates were estimated using data from all eligible patient admissions known to be resident in the census area on the day of admission, and the midstudy ( July 1, 2007) census population estimates interpolated from the linear equation determined by regressing population size (log 10 ) for all enumeration rounds to the end of 2008 against the mid-date of each round.</p><p>To describe demographic and clinical features of cases of severe and very severe pneumonia, we compared those with and without a respiratory virus detected. Proportions were compared using the <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> and Fisher exact tests as appropriate. Continuous data were compared by t test or the Kruskal-Wallis rank sum test. Variables presented were selected a priori from more than 50 clinical variables collected. No adjustment was made for multiple comparisons because each variable represents a discrete test of a biologically plausible hypothesis.</p><p>To estimate the strength of association of detection of RSV and non-RSV viruses with severe disease, we compared patients admitted with severe and very severe pneumonia with control group participants comprising well infants and children (excluding those with signs of URTI) using a casecontrol design. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated by multivariable logistic regression and presented models for RSV (including those with RSV plus an additional virus) and respiratory viruses not including RSV that were unadjusted (model 1); and adjusted for age and season in monthly intervals (model 2). To address a potential bias of underrepresentation of fatal cases, the (unadjusted) ORs for severe disease among all eligible admitted patients were modeled by imposing the proportions with RSV and other viruses detected among fatal and nonfatal sampled cases on all eligible admissions (model 3). All tests were 2-sided with a 5% significance level.</p><p>Sample size for the case group was determined by previous annual admissions, which would allow the prevalence of pathogens of 5% and 20% to be estimated with precision of ± 2% and ± 3%, respectively. We aimed to recruit 100 well control participants and 100 individuals with mild URTI to describe specificities of 95% and 85%, with a lower-side precision of −6% and −8%, respectively. Power for the case-control analysis was confirmed for the actual numbers sampled using the method described by <ref type="bibr">Fliess. 20</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ethical Approval</head><p>The study was approved by the Kenyan National Ethical Review Committee (SSC 815) and the Oxford Tropical Ethical Review Committee (011 06). Individual written informed consent was obtained from parents or guardians of all participants.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head><p>From January 1, 2007, through December 31, 2007, there were 922 eligible infants and children with severe pneumonia or very severe pneumonia admitted, and viral screening was conducted on 759 patients (82%) (FIGURE 1). Median age was 9.0 months (interquartile range [IQR], 3.0-20), 59% were male, and 52 had a positive HIV rapid antibody test (6.9%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.2%-8.9%). Children who were not sampled were more severely ill than those sampled (eTable 1 available at http://www.jama.com). Threequarters of deaths among nonsampled admitted patients occurred within 24 hours of admission.</p><p>One or more respiratory viruses were detected in 425 participants in the case group (56% [95% CI, 52%-60%]; TABLE 1). RSV was the most commonly detected virus, present in 260 admissions overall (34% [95% CI, 31%-38%]; eTable 2), and in 192 of 453 infants (42% [95% CI, 38%-47%]). RSV was strongly seasonal (P Ͻ .001), detected in more than 50% of pneumonia cases in January, February, and December, but in fewer than 5% of pneumonia cases from July through September (FIGURE 2). Other viruses showing clear seasonality were HMPV, HPIV-3, and FLUAV (eFigure).</p><p>Other respiratory viruses were detected in 219 admissions (29% [95%  RSV plus 1 or more other respiratory viruses were detected in 54 cases (7%), representing 21% (95% CI, 16%-26%) of all RSV cases. These comprised HCoV-229E (14), FLUAV (10), HAdV (10), HPIV-3 (6), HBoV (6), HMPV (3), HPIV-1 (3), HPIV-2 (3), HCoV-NL63 (2), and HCoV-OC43 (1).</p><p>Theincidenceofadmissionwithsevere pneumoniaorveryseverepneumoniawas 4.8% per child per year in the first year of life, 1.5% per child per year in children younger than 5 years of age, and 0.1% among children who were 5 years of age or older (TABLE 2). The incidence of admission for any respiratory virus and with RSV was highest in the first year of life (3.0%perchildperyearand2.0%perchild per year, respectively).</p><p>Patients admitted with respiratory viruses detected were a median age of 7.5 months (IQR, 2.7-18) and were younger than those with no virus detected (median age, 11.3 months [IQR, 3.8-24]; P Ͻ.001). However, this effect was completely accounted for by RSV <ref type="table" target="#tab_4">(TABLE 3)</ref>. Very severe pneumonia was less common among patients admitted with respiratory viruses (PϽ.001). There was no association between the presence of wheezing or hypoxia and a respiratory virus being detected. Most participants in the case group with RSV did not have an admission diagnosis of bronchiolitis. Patients admitted with RSV were less severely ill and had fewer adverse risk factors than those admitted with no virus and were less likely to be prematurely born, in circulatory shock, severely malnourished, or to die. Of the 2 deaths among children with RSV, both had congenital heart disease. Patients admitted with respiratory viruses other than RSV were similar in all these respects to those admitted with no virus detected. Among 24 deaths, 8 (33%; 95% CI, 16%-55%) occurred in patients admitted with a virus detected.</p><p>Thirty-six patients admitted with severe or very severe pneumonia (4.7% [95% CI, 3.3%-6.5%]) were bacteremic, with 16 having a respiratory virus detected (44% [95% CI, 28%-62%]). Bacterial species were Streptococcus pneumoniae <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">(12)</ref>, Escherichia coli (9), nontyphoidal salmonella (3), Staphylococcus aureus (3), Acinetobacter species (3), ␤-hemolytic streptococci (3), Enterobacter species (2), and H influenzae <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">(1)</ref>.</p><p>Among 57 well infants and children (median age, 6.0 months [IQR, <ref type="bibr">3.3-11]</ref>) and 96 children with symptoms of mild URTI (median age, 13 months; IQR,   </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>COMMENT</head><p>We found that in the catchment area of Kilifi District Hospital on the Kenyan coast, the incidence of admission with clinical syndromes of severe or very severe pneumonia ranged from 4.8% in the first year of life to 0.1% among participants aged 5 years or older. RSV was  14 In the present study, we found approximately twice the incidence. It is known that real-time PCR is more sensitive than traditional diagnostics. In a study by Kuypers et al, <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">21</ref> RSV detected by both immunofluorescence and PCR had a mean viral load of 6.1ϫ10 7 copies per mL, whereas RSV detected by PCR only had a lower mean viral load of 4.1ϫ10 4 copies per mL. An immunofluorescence assay detected only 19% of RSV with viral loads of less than 10 6 copies per mL. We considered whether our findings could be due to detection of persistent viral RNA or false-positive laboratory results, but believe this is unlikely. First, considering our well control participants, if an assumption is made that all of the RSV detected are false positives due to persistence or laboratory error, then our test specificity is 95% (95% CI 85% to 99%). This is similar to data reported for immunofluorescence. Such specificity would not significantly alter the interpretation of our findings among case participants. This is further supported by an OR suggesting that detection of RSV was strongly associated with severe disease. To compare these findings with those from traditional methods, we examined published data from 8 previous studies in developing countries, using immunofluorescence, serology, or viral culture. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[26]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">[27]</ref> Overall, RSV was detected in 746 of 3463 (21.5%) case participants and in 29 of 1203 (2.4%) control participants, giving a pooled (fixed-effects) OR for disease (unadjusted for age and season) of 11.1 (95% CI, 7.69-16.0), which is close to the unadjusted OR in our study.</p><p>High prevalence of RSV in children admitted with severe clinical pneumonia (34%), in contrast with prevalence in well control participants (5%), further supports that RSV vaccination may offer considerable public health benefit. Although the development of a vaccine for the key target age group of infants (Ͻ2 months) has focused on live virus vaccines, none has achieved requisite levels of both safety and immunogenicity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> A combined HPIV-3/RSV live-attenuated vaccine (Medi-534 [MedImmune LLC, Gaithersburg, Maryland]) for use in young infants (Յ2 months) and in older infants and young children (6-Ͻ24 months) is currently undergoing phase 1 and 2 clinical trials.</p><p>28 Ideally, such trials should be accompanied by modeling studies of the potential consequences on effectiveness of delayed delivery to older infants <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">29,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b28">30</ref> in whom vaccine safety and immunogenicity are demonstrably improved. <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b29">31</ref> Of equal interest to the high prevalence of participants in the case group with RSV detected, is the low proportion of participants in the case group with any of the other respiratory viruses. The real-time PCR assay that we used has previously been shown to be sensitive for these viruses. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">32</ref> It is possible that the use of nasal washings targets a site within the upper respiratory tract that is preferred by RSV over any other virus. However, to our knowledge, there are no definitive studies in the literature that clearly identify selective bias in the range of respiratory viruses detectable in different parts of the upper respiratory tract using molecular diagnostics.</p><p>Influenza and HPIV-3 have been the most frequently detected viruses, other than RSV, in studies using traditional diagnostics in sub-Saharan Africa. We found that HCoV-229E and HMPV were the most commonly detected non-RSV viruses in case participants. However, these viruses appear to be common in the community (control group participants) causing URTI, and some are present in well control participants. In a nonepidemic period, we estimate that as much as approximately 6% of severe disease is associated with FLUAV. There appears to be little potential to prevent severe disease through vaccination against HPIV-3.</p><p>Strengths of our study include systematic sampling of well-characterized hospitalized children from a wellestablished, enumerated population base, and detection of a comprehensive set of respiratory viruses.</p><p>Our study has several limitations. As in similar studies, our sampling missed most deaths because nasal washing cannot be conducted in the sickest children. However, our sensitivity analysis (model 3) suggests this is unlikely to significantly alter the main findings. We did not screen for rhinovirus and there were a lack of radiographic data. Our data reflect a single site and findings in other ecological settings may differ. We applied WHO guidelines carefully and there was good availability of clinical staff, oxygen, and drugs. Case fatality may differ in locations where resources are more constrained. Our well control participants were limited in number since we did not achieve our target sample size due to factors outside of our control. Additionally, our well control participants were a convenience sample and not matched to exactly the same calendar year. Small numbers resulted in wide CIs in some subgroups. However, power was sufficient (Ͼ99%) for our case-control analysis of RSV. It is likely that not all cases of severe pneumonia in the community were admitted to hospital, thus our incidence estimates are the minimum. There is a demonstrable decay with increased distance from the hospital in the incidences of all childhood ad-VIRAL ETIOLOGY OF PNEUMONIA AMONG KENYAN INFANTS</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1. Participant Selection</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Figure 2. Seasonal Pattern of RSV and Other Viruses Detected Among Infants and Children Admitted With Severe or Very Severe Pneumonia</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>VIRAL ETIOLOGY OF PNEUMONIA AMONG KENYAN INFANTS ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.</figDesc><table>759 Included in analysis 

4316 Hospitalized children 
assessed for eligibility 

3021 Screened for clinical 
syndrome of severe or 
very severe pneumonia 

922 Eligible 
741 Severe pneumonia 
181 Very severe 
pneumonia 

2099 Excluded 
1837 No pneumonia 
syndrome 
262 Nonsevere pneumonia 

163 Excluded 
93 Parents refused consent for 
nasal sampling (7 later died) 
37 Discharged well before 
sampling 
30 Died before sampling 
3 Samples unsuitable 
for analysis 

1295 Excluded 
1147 Resident outside 
demographic surveillance 
system census area 
138 Admitted on the day 
of birth 
10 Aged 13 years or older 

(Reprinted with Corrections) JAMA, May 26, 2010-Vol 303, No. 20 2053 CI, 26%-32%]; eTable 2 and eFigure). 
These included HCoV-229E (n = 51 
[6.7%]), FLUAV (n=44 [5.8%]), HPIV-3 
(n=29 [3.8%]), HAdV (n=29 [3.8%]), 
HMPV (n=23 [3.0%]), HPIV-1 (2.4%), 
HBoV (2.1%), HCoV-OC43 (1.8%), 
HPIV-2 (1.3%), HCoV-NL63 (1.3%), in-
fluenza type B (0.1%), and HCoV/Hong 
Kong-1 (0.1%). 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Respiratory Viruses DetectedAbbreviations: RSV, respiratory synctial virus; URTI, upper respiratory tract infection.</figDesc><table>No. (%) 

Severe or Very Severe 
Pneumonia 
(n = 759) 

Outpatient 
URTI 
(n = 96) 

Well Control 
Participants 
(n = 57) 

No virus 
334 (44) 
54 (56) 
41 (72) 
Any virus 
425 (56) 
42 (44) 
16 (28) 
1 Virus 
351 (46) 
36 (38) 
15 (26) 
2 Viruses 
66 (8.7) 
5 (5) 
1 (2) 
3 Viruses 
8 (1.1) 
1 (1) 
0 (0) 

RSV only 
206 (27) 
15 (16) 
2 (4) 
RSV plus another virus 
54 (7.1) 
2 (2) 
1 (2) 

Non-RSV virus 
165 (22) 
25 (26) 
13 (23) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="true"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Incidence of Admission With Severe Pneumonia or Very Severe Pneumonia</figDesc><table>Denominator 

Per 1000 
Live Births, 
Aged Ͻ28 d 
(n = 9423) 

Per 100 000 Children by 
Age Group, y 

All Ͻ1 
(n = 8837) 
1-Ͻ2 
2 -Ͻ5 

All Ͻ5 
(n = 44 538) 
5-Ͻ13 

All Ͻ13 
(n = 104 505) 

Severe or very severe pneumonia 
6.65 
4798 
1674 
543 
1522 
99 
681 

Any respiratory virus 
3.79 
2993 
871 
213 
862 
36 
380 
Respiratory synctial virus 
2.46 
2038 
455 
85 
535 
15 
233 

Human coronavirus 229E 
0.51 
318 
135 
32 
105 
3 
46 

Influenza type A 
0.31 
244 
97 
32 
82 
15 
39 
Human parainfluenza virus 3 
0.10 
212 
48 
11 
57 
6 
26 

Human adenovirus 
0.10 
149 
77 
21 
55 
9 
26 

Human metapneumovirus 
0.20 
138 
58 
11 
44 
6 
21 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="false"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Clinical Features of 759 Children Admitted With RSV and Other Respiratory Viruses a27% per child/year in infants and chil- dren younger than 5 years of age, re- spectively.</figDesc><table>Characteristic 

No Virus 
Any Virus 
RSV Only 
RSV Plus Another Virus 
Non-RSV Virus 

(n = 334) 
(n = 425 
P Value b ) 
(n = 206) 
P Value b 
(n = 54) 
P Value b 
(n = 165) 
P Value b 

Age, median (IQR), mo 
11.3 (3.8-24) 7.5 (2.7-18) 
Ͻ.001 
6.1 (2.5-13) 
Ͻ.001 
7.5 (2.7-16) 
.01 
10 (4.5-20) 
.39 
Inpatient stay, median (IQR), d 
4 (2-6) 
3 (2-5) 
.17 
3 (2-5) 
.07 
4 (3-6) 
.80 
4 (2-6) 
.56 

Very severe pneumonia 
73 (22) 
53 (13) 
.001 
22 (11) 
.001 
8 (15) 
.24 
23 (14) 
.04 
Wheezing 
50 (15) 
59 (14) 
.67 
30 (15) 
.90 
8 (15) 
.98 
2 (13) 
.50 
Hypoxia 
40 (13) 
40 (9) 
.13 
18 (8.7) 
.14 
8 (15) 
.70 
14 (8.5) 
.14 

Capillary refill Ն3 seconds 
16 (4.8) 
10 (2.4) 
.07 
1 (0.5) 
.004 
1 (1.9) 
.49 
8 (4.9) 
.98 
Severe anemia 
15 (4.6) 
12 (2.9) 
.23 
3 (1.5) 
.08 
1 (1.9) 
.71 
8 (4.9) 
.85 

History of prematurity 
17 (7.8) 
14 (4.1) 
.07 
5 (2.9) 
.05 
2 (4.4) 
.54 
7 (5.7) 
.49 
Congenital heart disease 
12 (3.6) 
5 (1.2) 
.05 
2 (1.0) 
.09 
0 
.23 
3 (1.8) 
.40 
Human immunodeficiency virus 
26 (8.0) 
26 (6.2) 
.35 
8 (4.0) 
.07 
4 (7.6) 
1 
14 (8.6) 
.82 
Severe malnutrition 
26 (7.8) 
18 (4.2) 
.04 
5 (2.4) 
.009 
2 (3.7) 
.40 
11 (6.7) 
.65 

Bacteremia 
20 (6.0) 
16 (3.8) 
.15 
5 (2.4) 
.06 
2 (3.7) 
.75 
9 (5.5) 
.81 
Death 
16 (4.8) 
8 (1.9) 
.02 
2 (1.0) 
.02 
0 
.14 
6 (3.6) 
.56 

Abbreviations: IQR, interquartile range; RSV, respiratory synctytial virus. 
a Values for characteristics are shown as No (%) unless otherwise indicated as median IQR or as P values. 
b P values are based on comparisons with children with no virus. 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2052">JAMA, May 26, 2010-Vol 303, No. 20 (Reprinted with Corrections) ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ on 02/29/2020</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2054">JAMA, May 26, 2010-Vol 303, No. 20 (Reprinted with Corrections) ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ on 02/29/2020</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ on 02/29/2020</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="2056">JAMA, May 26, 2010-Vol 303, No. 20 (Reprinted with Corrections) ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ on 02/29/2020</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">(Reprinted with Corrections) JAMA, May 26, 2010-Vol 303, No. 20 2057 Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ on 02/29/2020</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>missions and of admissions with detectable RSV.</p><p>14 A study spanning only 1 year and from a single location cannot expect to account for likely variation in the occurrence of respiratory viruses from year to year.</p><p>In summary, our study of the occurrence of respiratory viruses in children admitted with clinical syndromes of severe or very severe pneumonia to a rural district hospital in coastal Kenya has identified more than 50% of case participants with a detectable virus in whom RSV was clearly predominant. We estimate that the prevention of RSV-associated severe pneumonia might reduce all-cause clinically severe or very severe pneumonia admissions to the Kilifi District Hospital by one-third. This contrasts with no evidence to suggest a marked effect on such admissions would occur from the prevention of any other respiratory virus, with the possible exception of FLUAV. Further molecular-based studies of respiratory virus etiology of severe pneumonia over longer periods and in multiple settings in subSaharan Africa are needed.</p><p>Author Contributions: Dr Berkley had full access to all of the data in the study and takes responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis. </p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gambian Pneumococcal Vaccine Trial Group. Efficacy of ninevalent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine against pneumonia and invasive pneumococcal disease in The Gambia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Cutts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Zaman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Enwere</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">365</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9465</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1139" to="1146" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Randomised trial of Haemophilus influenzae type-b tetanus protein conjugate vaccine for prevention of pneumonia and meningitis in Gambian infants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mulholland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hilton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Adegbola</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">350</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9076</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1191" to="1197" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Lancet.</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What are the implications for childhood pneumonia of successfully introducing Hib and pneumococcal vaccines in developing countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>English</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">86</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Identification of a recombinant live attenuated respiratory syncytial virus vaccine candidate that is highly attenuated in infants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Karron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Belshe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">191</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1093" to="1104" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The absence of enhanced disease with wild type respiratory syncytial virus infection occurring after receipt of live, attenuated, respiratory syncytial virus vaccines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Karron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Belshe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7372" to="7378" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recombinant bovine/human parainfluenza virus type 3 (B/HPIV3) expressing the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) G and F proteins can be used to achieve simultaneous mucosal immunization against RSV and HPIV3</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcauliffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4594" to="4603" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The viral etiology of acute respiratory infections in children in Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Sobě Slavský</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sebikari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Harland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Skrtic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fayinka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Soneji</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bull World Health Organ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="625" to="631" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: I-acute lower respiratory tract infections in infants presenting at the hospital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Forgie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;neill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Lloyd-Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The etiology of pneumonia in malnourished and wellnourished Gambian children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Adegbola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Falade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="975" to="982" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral pathogens of acute lower respiratory infections in pre-school Nigerian children and clinical implications of multiple microbial identifications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Osinusi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Aderele</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Tomori</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">West Afr J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Etiology of serious infections in young Gambian infants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mulholland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Ogunlesi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Adegbola</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of respiratory viruses by molecular methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Mahony</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Microbiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="716" to="747" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multiple viral respiratory pathogens in children with bronchiolitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Stempel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kuypers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Englund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Zerr</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Paediatr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="126" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incidence and severity of respiratory syncytial virus pneumonia in rural Kenyan children identified through hospital surveillance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ngama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1341" to="1349" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immunization coverage and risk factors for failure to immunize within the Expanded Programme on Immunization in Kenya after introduction of new Haemophilus influenzae type b and hepatitis b virus antigens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ndiritu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cowgill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ismail</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">132</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effectiveness of Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccine introduction into routine childhood immunization in Kenya</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cowgill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ndiritu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Nyiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">296</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="671" to="678" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Pocket Book of Hospital Care for Children: Guidelines for the Management of Common Illnesses With Limited Resources</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<pubPlace>Geneva, Switzerland</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bacteremia among children admitted to a rural hospital in Kenya</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Berkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Mwangi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">352</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory syncytial virus epidemiology in a birth cohort from Kilifi district, Kenya</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Okiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ngama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">190</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1828" to="1832" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Statistical Methods for Rates and Proportions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Fliess</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of quantitative and type-specific real-time RT-PCR assays for detection of respiratory syncytial virus in respiratory specimens from children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kuypers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Morrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="123" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical patterns and seasonal trends in respiratory syncytial virus hospitalizations in Sao Paulo</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Vieira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Stewien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Queiroz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brazil. Rev Inst Med Trop Sao Paulo</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="125" to="131" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: II-acute lower respiratory tract infection in children ages one to nine years presenting at the hospital</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Forgie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;neill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Lloyd-Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology and clinical presentation of respiratory syncytial virus infection in a rural area of southern Mozambique</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Loscertales</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Roca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ventura</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="148" to="155" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory syncytial virus infection among young children with acute respiratory tract infection in Iraq</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Albargish</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hasony</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">East Mediterr Health J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="941" to="948" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hospitalization of Jewish and Bedouin infants in southern Israel for bronchiolitis caused by respiratory syncytial virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Dagan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Landau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Haikin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="381" to="386" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">National Institutes of Health Clinical Trials Web site. A study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and vaccine-like viral shedding of MEDI-534, against respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and parainfluenza virus type 3 (PIV3), in healthy 6 to Ͻ24-month-old children and in 2-month-old infants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Lehmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Spooner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://clinicaltrialsfeeds.org/clinical-trials/show/NCT00686075.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Southeast Asian J Trop Med Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="382" />
			<date type="published" when="1990-05-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Viruses associated with acute lower respiratory tract infections in children from the eastern highlands of Papua New Guinea (1983-1985)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory syncytial virus infection and disease in infants and young children observed from birth in Kilifi District</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Okiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ngama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New strategies for control of respiratory syncytial virus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Nokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cane</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="639" to="643" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of a live, cold-passaged, temperature-sensitive, respiratory syncytial virus vaccine candidate in infancy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Karron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Belshe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">182</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1331" to="1342" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A novel multiplex real-time RT-PCR assay with FRET hybridization probes for the detection and quantification of 13 respiratory viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Lassaunié Re</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kresfelder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Venter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-02-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">165</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="254" to="260" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
