<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiologic and Clinical Characteristics of Novel Coronavirus Infections Involving 13 Patients Outside Wuhan, China</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">American</forename><forename type="middle">Medical</forename><surname>Association</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Author Affiliations: College of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Chinese PLA General Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>China (Chang, Xie); Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital</addrLine>
									<settlement>Wuhan, Beijing</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Lin</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Institute for Precision Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Tsinghua University School of Medicine</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Beijing</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Infectious Diseases</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Tsinghua University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>China (Wei)</addrLine>
									<settlement>Beijing</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Zhu</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Section of Pulmonary and Critical Care and Sleep Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Beijing Anzhen Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Beijing</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">School of Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Yale University</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>New Haven, Connecticut (Dela Cruz</settlement>
									<region>Sharma)</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff5">
								<orgName type="department">College of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Beijing Anzhen Hospital</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">Capital Medical University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Two Anzhen Road</addrLine>
									<postCode>100029</postCode>
									<settlement>Chaoyang, Beijing</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff6">
								<orgName type="institution">Chinese PLA General Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>28 Fuxing Road, Haidian</addrLine>
									<postCode>100853</postCode>
									<settlement>Beijing</settlement>
									<country key="CN">China</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiologic and Clinical Characteristics of Novel Coronavirus Infections Involving 13 Patients Outside Wuhan, China</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>RESEARCH LETTER</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>3,4</head><p>The virus has spread to different parts of China and at least 26 other countries. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> A high number of men have been infected, and the reported mortality rate has been approximately 2%, which is lower than that reported from other coronavirus epidemics including severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS; mortality rate, &gt;40% in patients aged &gt;60 years) <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">5</ref> and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS; mortality rate, 30%). <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">6</ref> However, little is known about the clinical manifestations of 2019-nCoV in healthy populations or cases outside Wuhan. We report early clinical features of 13 patients with confirmed 2019-nCoV infection admitted to hospitals in Beijing. Results | The median age of the patients was 34 years (25th-75th percentile, 34-48 years); 2 patients were children (aged 2 years and 15 years), and 10 (77%) were male. Twelve patients either visited Wuhan, including a family (parents and son), or had family members (grandparents of the 2-yearold child) who visited Wuhan after the onset of the 2019-nCoV epidemic (mean stay, 2.5 days). One patient did not have any known contact with Wuhan.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head><p>Twelve patients reported fever (mean, 1.6 days) before hospitalization. Symptoms included cough (46.3%), upper airway congestion (61.5%), myalgia (23.1%), and headache (23.1%) <ref type="table">(Table)</ref>. No patient required respiratory support before being transferred to the specialty hospital after a mean of 2 days. The youngest patient (aged 2 years) had intermittent fever for 1 week and persistent cough for 13 days before 2019-nCoV diagnosis. Levels of inflammatory markers such as C-reactive protein were elevated, and numbers of lymphocytes were marginally elevated <ref type="table">(Table)</ref>.</p><p>Four patients had chest radiographs and 9 had computed tomography. Five images did not demonstrate any consolidation or scarring. One chest radiograph demonstrated scattered opacities in the left lower lung; in 6 patients, ground glass opacity was observed in the right or both lungs <ref type="figure">(Figure)</ref>. As of February 4, 2020, all the patients recovered, but 12 were still being quarantined in the hospital.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Viewpoint page 1039</head><p>Related article page 1061</p><p>Audio and Video  Discussion | The current coronavirus outbreak in China is the third epidemic caused by coronavirus in the 21st century, already surpassing SARS and MERS in the number of individuals infected. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> The higher number of infections may be attributable to late identification of the etiologic agent and the ability of the host to shed the infection while asymptomatic, rather than to greater infectivity of the virus compared with SARS. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">3</ref> This case series provides information on the epidemiology of the disease outside Wuhan. Most patients visited or came in close contact with individuals from Wuhan, but 1 patient did not, suggesting possible active viral transmission in Beijing. Close monitoring will be needed to prevent large-scale spread of the virus to other cities in China.</p><p>Most of the infected patients were healthy adults; only 1 patient was older than 50 years and 1 younger than 5 years. This might be related to limited travel by younger and older patients rather than decreased susceptibility of these populations. Recovery of all patients suggests milder infections. The study is limited by lack of detailed data after transfer. These data contribute information to understanding the early clinical manifestations of 2019-nCoV.</p><p>cians to address poverty, even compared with other social determinants, such as food or transportation, because of resource constraints and questions about the appropriate role of health systems. One potential approach for financial support is increasing access to federal programs like the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">3</ref> The EITC, which can total 30% of </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Abbreviations: CRP, C-reactive protein; 2019-nCoV, 2019 novel coronavirus; WBC, white blood cell. SI conversion factor: To convert CRP values to nmol/L, multiply by 9.524.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Figure</head><label></label><figDesc>Figure. Chest Imaging of Patients Infected With 2019 Novel Coronavirus A</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head>Table</head><label></label><figDesc></figDesc><table></table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">JAMA March 17, 2020 Volume 323, Number 11 (Reprinted) jama.com © 2020 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">© 2020 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. Downloaded From: https://jamanetwork.com/ by a Non-Human Traffic (NHT) User on 03/17/2020</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) situation report-15</title>
		<ptr target="https://www.who.int/docs/default-source/coronaviruse/situation-reports/20200204-sitrep-15-ncov.pdf?sfvrsn=88fe8ad6_2" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-02-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>World Health Organization. Published</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Coronavirus infections-more than just the common cold</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Paules</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Marston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fauci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-01-23" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.1001/jama.2020.0757</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Early transmission dynamics in Wuhan, China, of novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Guan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-01-29" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.1056/NEJMoa2001316</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical features of patients infected with 2019 novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(20)30183-5</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-01-24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological determinants of spread of causal agent of severe acute respiratory syndrome in Hong Kong</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Donnelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ghani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(03)13410-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9371</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1761" to="1766" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Return on Investment From Co-locating Tax Assistance for Low-Income Persons at Clinical Sites Poverty is associated with higher morbidity and mortality across a range of diseases. 1,2 However</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ahmed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1186/s12879-017-2712-2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">615</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The predictors of 3-and 30-day mortality in 660 MERS-CoV patients. it is difficult for clini</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
