<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Beyond Respiratory Syncytial Virus and Rhinovirus in the Pathogenesis and Exacerbation of Asthma The Role of Metapneumovirus, Bocavirus and Influenza Virus</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2019">2019</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MD a ,</roleName><forename type="first">Andrea</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Coverstone</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Division of Allergy, Immunology and Pulmonary Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Pediatrics</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Wash-ington University School of Medicine</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1 Children&apos;s Place, Campus Box 8116</addrLine>
									<postCode>63110</postCode>
									<settlement>Saint Louis</settlement>
									<region>MO</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD, MPH b ,</roleName><forename type="first">Leyao</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Washington University School of Medicine</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>425 S. Euclid Avenue</addrLine>
									<postCode>8052, 63110</postCode>
									<settlement>Saint Louis</settlement>
									<region>CB, MO</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MD, MPH</roleName><forename type="first">Kaharu</forename><surname>Sumino</surname></persName>
							<email>ksumino@wustl.edu</email>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Division of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Washington University School of Medicine</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>660 Euclid Avenue, Campus Box 8052</addrLine>
									<postCode>63110</postCode>
									<settlement>Saint Louis</settlement>
									<region>MO</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Beyond Respiratory Syncytial Virus and Rhinovirus in the Pathogenesis and Exacerbation of Asthma The Role of Metapneumovirus, Bocavirus and Influenza Virus</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Immunol Allergy Clin N Am</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="391" to="401"/>
							<date type="published" when="2019">2019</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.iac.2019.03.007</idno>
					<note>* Corresponding author. 0889-8561/19/ª 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>With the dissemination of the use of sensitive molecular methods for viral detection, the opportunities to evaluate the role of respiratory viruses in acute and chronic respiratory illness has expanded in the past decade. Acute wheezing illnesses are common, especially in young children, and viral agents have been shown to be found in 60% to 100% of these episodes using these sensitive detection methods. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>KEYWORDS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Human metapneumovirus Bocavirus Influenza virus Wheezing Asthma</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>KEY POINTS</head><p>Respiratory viruses other than rhinovirus or respiratory syncytial virus can be associated with acute wheezing illness. Contribution to recurrent/wheezing is not well studied.</p><p>Children with human metapneumovirus lower respiratory tract infection may have increased risk of subsequent recurrent wheezing over the several years after initial infection.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>viruses are associated with acute wheezing illness, including rhinovirus (RV), respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), human metapneumovirus (hMPV), influenza virus, parainfluenza virus, adenovirus, human bocavirus (HBoV), <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> coronavirus, and enterovirus ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">Table 1)</ref>. These viruses have also been shown to be associated with asthma exacerbations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5</ref> RV and RSV are the most frequently detected pathogens (see <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>), with RSV more prevalent in younger children in winter months and RV more prevalent in older children. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref> There is a large body of evidence implicating the association of RV <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref> and RSV <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10</ref> with the subsequent development of recurrent wheezing and/or asthma. Viruses other than RV or RSV can be detected in 50% of wheezing illnesses, <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> but there are limited data regarding the association of these other viruses and asthma. Conducting studies to evaluate the long-term consequences of these other viruses has been challenging for several reasons. First, the detection rate of these viruses is often lower compared with RV and RSV, so a much larger cohort is required to perform a study with adequate representation of patients infected with these other viruses. The prospective study that investigated the role of hMPV infection in the development of wheezing and asthma required screening of more than 400 children infected with hMPV over a 5-year period of recruitment. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13</ref> Second, establishing appropriate animal models has been challenging and existing models may not adequately model human infection to evaluate long-term outcomes. Third, it is difficult to tease out the specific contribution of other viruses because the association of RV and RSV can confound the analysis given the high rate of coinfection with these viruses. For instance, in a community cohort of 147 children with high atopic risk, wheezy, febrile lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI) during the first year of life was associated with a higher risk of persistent wheezing (odds ratio [OR], 3.5) and asthma (OR, 4.9) at age 10 years if they were atopic by age 2 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> Respiratory virus was detected in 62% of these patients with febrile LRTI with a large proportion (60%-70%) of the detected viruses being RV or RSV, so this observed association may be primarily caused by the effect of RV or RSV infection. However, there are data suggesting that viral infection in early life with any cause may be important in increasing the risk of asthma. In a high-risk birth cohort study in Demark, the number of respiratory episodes in the first year of life was associated with the development of asthma at age 7 years regardless of virus type. <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">14</ref> This article focuses on 3 viruses (hMPV, HBoV, and influenza virus) in which an association with wheezing illness has been most studied. It provides an aggregate of Data from Refs.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>1-3</head><p>available data reviewing the current research investigating the role of these viruses in acute and chronic respiratory disease.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>HUMAN BOCAVIRUS</head><p>hMPV is a paramyxovirus first discovered by van den Hoogen and colleagues <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15</ref> in 2001. Similar to RSV, hMPV is a single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Pneumoviridae subfamily, and causes many of the same symptoms as RSV. Typical symptoms of hMPV infection include mild, self-limiting, acute upper respiratory tract infections to more severe LRTIs, with wheezing and pneumonia. It is a frequent cause of bronchiolitis in young children. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16</ref> Cough, rhinorrhea, wheeze, and fever are commonly reported symptoms in children infected with hMPV. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">[19]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref> Virtually all children have evidence of exposure to hMPV by age 5 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15</ref> hMPV is responsible for a significant portion (2%-12%) of respiratory tract infections <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[26]</ref> and is associated with a large burden of hospitalizations and outpatient visits in younger children. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">20</ref> It tends to peak during the late winter and spring seasons, typically between December and April, <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">22,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">24</ref> often peaking in February and March. Compared with infection with other viruses, there have been conflicting data on whether hMPV infections result in greater hypoxemia or duration of hospitalization or intensive care unit (ICU) stays. <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">23,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">24</ref> The severity of illness is worse in those with a history of extreme prematurity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">25</ref> Although hMPV causes wheezing and lower respiratory tract symptoms, the contribution of hMPV to asthma exacerbations varies among different populations. In those with asthma exacerbations, the detection rate of hMPV is approximately 5% worldwide, <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> whereas in those with hMPV LRTI a much higher proportion have a diagnosis of asthma. In a study of children with hMPV LRTIs in the United States, 14% to 33% carried a diagnosis of asthma or history of wheezing. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19</ref> In a study of children with hMPV in Spain, 60.7% of those infected with hMPV alone carried a diagnosis of recurrent wheeze or asthma, which was higher than rates in RSV or adenovirus but similar to that of RV or HBoV. Children with RSV were more likely to have a diagnosis of bronchiolitis than children with hMPV. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">24</ref> hMPV can cause an illness consistent with bronchiolitis, but children may be diagnosed less often with this term, given that it often is synonymous with RSV infections in young children. Nonetheless, hMPV causes wheezing in young children; can often precipitate episodes of wheezing in those prone to do so, such as asthmatics; and is an important cause of viralinduced asthma exacerbations. In children with asthma, studies have shown synergistic effects of allergic characteristics of the host (ie, immunoglobulin E level, house dust sensitization) and the severity of asthma exacerbation by RV, <ref type="bibr" target="#b26">27,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">28</ref> but the interaction of allergy of the host and hMPV infection has not been well studied.</p><p>In contrast with the large number of studies reporting the association of hMPV in early childhood with acute wheezing illnesses or asthma at the time of illness, <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">23</ref> there are sparse data on the long-term consequences after the acute infection. One study from Garcia-Garcia and colleagues <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">26</ref> retrospectively identified children 2 to 5 years of age who were hospitalized with hMPV or RSV bronchiolitis in their first 24 months of life and contacted them to assess their diagnosis of asthma at the time of the study. Of 101 children with hMPV-positive bronchiolitis (without coinfection) over the course of the prior 5 years (October 2000 to June 2005), they were able to obtain follow-up on 23 children with no prior history of wheezing. They then selected a random sample of children in that same time period with RSV bronchiolitis and obtained follow-up on 32 of those children. A diagnosis of recurrent wheezing and asthma was more frequent in children with a history of hMPV bronchiolitis or RSV bronchiolitis compared with control children who were hospitalized around the same time because of rotavirus. hMPV bronchiolitis was the strongest independent risk factor for asthma (OR, 15.9; confidence interval [CI], 3.6, 70.5), followed by RSV bronchiolitis (OR, 10.1; CI, 2.5, 40.1) and allergic rhinitis (OR, 4.9; CI, 1.2, 40.1) at age 3 to 5 years. Another study prospectively followed premature infants with viral LRTI and, although it did not track wheezing or asthma status, found that airway resistance measures were increased at 1 year of age, although this study included only 4 infants with hMPV. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">29</ref> Stronger evidence for the long-term effect of hMPV LTRI was found in a recent prospective study that evaluated the effects of hMPV infection on wheezing and asthma outcomes. Children less than 5 years of age hospitalized or treated in the emergency room with hMPV LRTI and no prior history of wheezing were prospectively followed along with a control group, with outcome assessment every 3 to 6 months for up to 3 years, and a final follow-up as late as 6.5 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13</ref> This prospective study design enabled the investigators to obtain the child's wheezing history and capture the outcome securely in a longitudinal fashion. Follow-up data were collected on 29 children with hPMV LRTI and 27 controls. Children with hMPV LRTI had a higher likelihood of wheezing episodes during the follow-up period (hazard ratio [HR], 2.8; CI, 1.4, 5.8) than controls. In addition, children with hMPV LRTI had earlier onset of recurrent wheezing, both with and without colds, than the control children <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Fig. 1)</ref>. The association with the development of asthma was not statistically significant (HR, 2.5; CI, 0.8, 8.1; P 5 .12), although the number of children diagnosed with asthma was larger in the hMPV group (9 of 29) than the control group (4 of 27). There is more to learn, but these studies suggest an increased risk of asthma development following hMPV infection early in life.</p><p>The mechanism of short-term and long-term pathologic effects of hMPV infection is not well studied compared with that of RSV. Infection with hMPV in mice was shown to lead to persistence of viral RNA, pulmonary inflammation, and airway hyperresponsiveness several months after the infection, <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">30</ref> suggesting long-term pathologic changes can occur after hMPV infection. Studies in both mice and humans have suggested several different molecular mechanisms of hMPV affect airway inflammation and function at the time of acute infection, often comparing these mechanisms with those of other viral causes. Alveolar macrophage activity may be augmented in hMPV infection, leading to detrimental effects on the airway, whereas alveolar macrophage depletion was seen in RSV and may provide protection against the harmful effects of the virus. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">31</ref> The chemokine profile of nasal secretions was also shown to differ in hMPV, with high concentrations of interleukin (IL)-8 (neutrophil chemotactic factor) and low concentrations of RANTES (regulated on activation, normal T-cell expressed and secreted) (eosinophil chemotactic factor) in individuals infected with hMPV compared with the increased RANTES concentrations seen in RSV. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> In another study of children 1 to 14 years of age with hMPV infection, differences in measures of cell-mediated immunity distinguished hMPV from other respiratory viruses, such as RSV and influenza. <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">22</ref> Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) as well as IL-4 plasma levels were higher in children with wheezing and hMPV than in those without wheezing and hMPV or without wheezing and another respiratory virus. TSLP has been implicated as a mediator in the pathway of pediatric asthma, with higher plasma TSLP levels correlating with poor asthma control. <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">32</ref> TSLP promotes basophil production and type 2 inflammation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">33</ref> Infection of human airway epithelial cells with hMPV induced expression of TSLP, as well as leading to upregulation of IL-8 and IL-33, whereas TSLP blockade led to reduced lung inflammation, <ref type="bibr" target="#b33">34</ref> indicating activation of the TSLP pathway initiating airway inflammation by hMPV acute infection. These studies may suggest the involvement of the TSLP pathway as a molecular mechanism for how hMPV leads to a recurrent wheezing and asthma phenotype, although further investigation is warranted.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>HUMAN BOCAVIRUS</head><p>HBoV is a parvovirus that was discovered in 2005 from pooled nasopharyngeal samples by molecular screening. <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">35</ref> Subsequent studies have shown that HBoV genotype 1 is commonly detected in respiratory samples from children with acute wheezing. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> In children with acute wheezing for the first time, HBoV was detected in 18%. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> However, it is also known that the coinfection rate of HBoV with other viruses is very high (15%-100%). In addition, detection in asymptomatic individuals is also frequent. HBoV was found to be present in 17% of healthy controls admitted to the hospital for elective surgery, <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">36</ref> and in participants in a household study in which symptoms and nasal samples were prospectively collected for 12 months, 50% of HBoV detection occurred in those without symptoms. <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">37</ref> Viral persistence is thought to be responsible for the high frequency of coinfection. <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">37,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b37">38</ref> HBoV 1 is implicated to be an important respiratory pathogen by many, <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">39,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b39">40</ref> but the precise pathologic contribution of HBoV in acute respiratory disease is still not accurately defined and HBoV may be both a passenger and a causative pathogen. <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">36,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b40">41</ref> HBoV may interfere with RV-induced immune responses during acute wheezing. Lukkarinen and colleagues <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">42</ref> compared the T-helper (Th) 1, Th2, proinflammatory cytokine response profile in young children with RV, HBoV, and RV-HBoV coinfection with acute wheezing illness. Unlike RV, HBoV infection was not associated with systemic proinflammatory or Th2-type responses and the RV-HBoV coinfection resulted in a non-Th2-type immune response.</p><p>Although bocavirus is frequently detected and seems to be associated with acute wheezing episodes, the data on long-term consequences after the acute infection are sparse. One retrospective study from Spain identified children who were previously hospitalized with HBoV (n 5 10) or RSV bronchiolitis (n 5 80) in their first 24 months of life and evaluated them to assess clinical outcomes, including a diagnosis of asthma and presence of atopy at age 5 to 7 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b42">43</ref> All children in the HBoV group developed recurrent wheezing. Fifty percent in the HBoV group and 23% in the RSV group had a diagnosis of asthma at age 5 to 7 years. The proportion of those with atopy was similar among those with HBoV and RSV. Another study in children hospitalized for acute viral wheezing showed that 13 children with HBoVassociated bronchiolitis had recurrent wheezing 2 years after the initial hospitalization less often than children with RV-associated bronchiolitis (HBoV 40% vs RV 60%). <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">42</ref> The association of HBoV LRTI in early life and asthma is inconclusive and larger prospective studies are required to confirm these findings.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INFLUENZA VIRUS</head><p>Influenza viruses are responsible for an average of 3.1 million annual hospitalized days, and 31.4 million outpatient visits, <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">44</ref> and is one of the frequently detected viruses during asthma exacerbations. It has long been identified as a precipitant of asthma exacerbations in all age groups. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b44">45</ref> In people with asthma exacerbations, the detection rate of influenza virus is approximately 10% worldwide, <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> but, during a flu season, the prevalence of influenza viruses can be as high as 20% in wheezing infants and 20% to 25% in adults with acute asthma exacerbations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">46,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b46">47</ref> Although involvement of influenza virus is common in asthma exacerbation, influenza virus is an infrequent cause of acute wheezing illness in younger children. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref> The authors are not aware of any studies evaluating the role of influenza virus LRTI on the development of recurrent wheezing and/or asthma later in life.</p><p>The cytokine IL-33 is implicated as an important driver for influenza-induced asthma exacerbations in animal studies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b47">48,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b48">49</ref> In the influenza-infected mouse models, IL-33 expression is upregulated, shifting the balance of Th1/Th2 immunity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b47">48,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b49">50</ref> A recent study has shown that IL-33 is produced by ciliated bronchial cells and type II alveolar cells on viral-induced exacerbation in human and mice and dampened innate and adaptive Th1-like and cytotoxic responses, which subsequently results in increased viral loads and enhanced airway inflammation underlying the influenza-induced asthma exacerbation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b48">49</ref> Meanwhile, heightened IL-33 production induces substantial IL-13 production in type 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC-2), Th2 cytokine-producing cells that promote allergic inflammation in mouse models of asthma and atopic dermatitis. <ref type="bibr" target="#b50">51</ref> In another study, influenza A infection induced acute airway hyperreactivity that was medicated by ILC-2, suggesting the importance of the IL-33-IL-13 axis in influenza-induced acute asthma exacerbations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b51">52</ref> Whether asthmatics are more frequently infected by influenza virus is still a matter of debate. It has been shown that patients with asthma have reduced type 1 interferon (IFN) responses on RV infection, <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">53,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b53">54</ref> but a few studies did not confirm this observation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">55,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b55">56</ref> Human bronchial epithelial cells from patients with asthma show increased IFN-lambda 1 levels and preserved IFN-beta levels when infected with influenza A virus, although viral levels were higher in asthmatics compared with nonasthmatics. <ref type="bibr" target="#b55">56</ref> In a US study, children with asthma were found to be infected twice as often as nonasthmatics by H1N1 influenza when monitored by weekly nasal samples and symptoms scores during the 2009 to 2010 season. <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">57</ref> Regardless, it has been accepted that asthma is a risk factor of severe disease with influenza once acquired, and patients with asthma have been listed as a priority population for vaccination. <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">58</ref> The population studies in the 2009 H1N1 pandemic have provided interesting observations regarding this susceptibility. Having asthma was found to be a risk factor for hospitalization for H1N1 <ref type="bibr" target="#b58">59,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">60</ref> and was found in 10% to 20% of the hospitalized patients worldwide. <ref type="bibr" target="#b60">61</ref> Nonetheless, an observation has also been made that having asthma may be protective once patients are hospitalized from influenza. Patients with asthma had decreased risk of ICU stay, mechanical ventilation, and death from H1N1, compared with other chronic conditions, such as cardiovascular diseases and obesity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">[62]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">[63]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64]</ref> The observed protective effect may be in part explained by early hospital admission and/or a favorable response to steroids. <ref type="bibr" target="#b64">65</ref> In mouse models, this protective effect of allergic asthma on influenza infection has been recapitulated and the increased eosinophil levels in asthmatic airways may be one of the mechanisms. <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">66</ref> With putative antigen-presenting functions, eosinophils enhanced influenza-specific CD81 T cells after infection, mediating the viral clearance of influenza virus in a mouse asthma model. <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">66</ref> Rapid induction of type III IFNs, natural killer cells, and TGF-beta was also observed in asthmatic mice on influenza infection, indicating a potential mechanism for enhanced antiviral immunity against influenza in asthmatics. <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">[66]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[67]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b67">[68]</ref> Influenza vaccine is recommended for patients with asthma in many countries, but there has not been clear evidence showing a protective benefit. The most recent Cochrane Review, in 2013, which included 18 trials across the world, concluded that inactivated influenza vaccine did not provide significant reduction in the number or duration of influenza-related asthma exacerbations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b68">69</ref> Safety concern was raised in an earlier study that showed a decrease in peak flow following the administration of the inactivated influenza vaccine. <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">70</ref> A subsequent study in the Netherlands <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">71</ref> and a large study in the United States 72 enrolling more than 2000 patients with asthma confirmed that there is no increase in risk for adverse events including asthma exacerbation within 2 weeks following the injection. This Cochran Review also conducted a systematic review in 3 trials comparing intranasal vaccine with intramuscular infection in infants and older children and concluded that event rates for asthma exacerbation and wheezing were similar in both vaccine types. <ref type="bibr" target="#b68">69</ref> A more recent study in the United Kingdom evaluated the safety of intranasal live attenuated influenza vaccine in atopic children with well-defined allergy to eggs. Sixty-seven percent of children had asthma in addition to their egg allergies. There was no systemic reaction following the injections and 8 mild self-limiting symptoms after 433 doses given in 282 children, which also ensured safety. <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">73</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>SUMMARY</head><p>Respiratory viruses other than RV or RSV, especially hMPV, influenza virus, and HBoV, can be detected frequently in acute wheezing illness. The interaction of these other viruses with an allergic host, and their contribution in the development of asthma after acute infection, are not well understood, although there is evidence to suggest that children with hMPV LRTI have a higher likelihood of subsequent and recurrent wheezing over the several years after initial infection.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Fig. 1. Survival analysis for wheezing and asthma after hMPV LRTI. Kaplan-Meier estimates of freedom from any wheezing episodes, P 5 .004; hMPV LRTI subjects had wheezing earlier in follow-up compared with control subjects. (From Coverstone AM, Wilson B, Burgdorf D, et al. Recurrent wheezing in children following human metapneumovirus infection. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2018;142(1):299; with permission.)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Frequency of viruses detected in acute wheezing illness in children</figDesc><table>Virus 
</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus and acute wheezing in children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Allander</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Jartti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gupta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="904" to="914" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral infections in relation to age, atopy, and season of admission among children hospitalized for wheezing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Heymann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Carper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="286" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Febrile respiratory illnesses in infancy and atopy are risk factors for persistent asthma and wheeze</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kusel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kebadze</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Johnston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur Respir J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="876" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Regional, age and respiratory-secretionspecific prevalence of respiratory viruses associated with asthma exacerbation: a literature review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Zheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Guan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">163</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="845" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viruses in asthma exacerbations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Tan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Pulm Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="27" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early life rhinovirus wheezing, allergic sensitization, and asthma risk at adolescence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rubner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">139</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="501" to="508" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Wheezing rhinovirus illnesses in early life predict asthma development in high-risk children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jackson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Gangnon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">178</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="667" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessment of wheezing frequency and viral etiology on childhood and adolescent asthma risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Lemanske</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Evans</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">139</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="692" to="696" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of asthma after severe respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bacharier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Schweiger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">130</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asthma and allergy patterns over 18 years after severe RSV bronchiolitis in the first year of life</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Sigurs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Aljassim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kjellman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Thorax</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1045" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early-life respiratory viral infections, atopic sensitization, and risk of subsequent development of persistent asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kusel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>De Klerk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kebadze</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1105" to="1115" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The first wheezing episode: respiratory virus etiology, atopic characteristics, and illness severity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Turunen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Koistinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Vuorinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Allergy Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="796" to="803" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recurrent wheezing in children following human metapneumovirus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Coverstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Burgdorf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">142</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="297" to="301" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>e2</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Association between respiratory infections in early life and later asthma is independent of virus type</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bonnelykke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Vissing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sevelsted</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>e4</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A newly discovered human pneumovirus isolated from young children with respiratory tract disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Van Den Hoogen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>De Jong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Groen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="719" to="743" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus and lower respiratory tract disease in otherwise healthy infants and children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tollefson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">350</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="443" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Metapneumovirus and acute wheezing in children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Jartti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Van Den Hoogen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Garofalo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">360</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9343</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1393" to="1397" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus infections in hospitalized children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Boivin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">De</forename><surname>Serres</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Cote</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="634" to="674" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic variability of human metapneumovirus infection: evidence of a shift in viral genotype without a change in illness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Agapov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Sumino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Gaudreault-Keener</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">193</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="396" to="403" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical features of different genotypes/genogroups of human metapneumovirus in hospitalized children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Wei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Tsao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="352" to="359" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological and clinical features of human metapneumovirus in hospitalised paediatric patients with acute respiratory illness: a cross-sectional study in Southern China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMJ Open</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">19308</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Elevated serum levels of thymic stromal lymphopoietin in wheezing children infected with human metapneumovirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Gu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Jpn J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="167" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Burden of human metapneumovirus infection in young children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">368</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="633" to="676" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapnuemovirus infections in hospitalized children and comparison with other respiratory viruses. 2005-2014 prospective study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Garcia-Garcia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Calvo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">173504</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus infection is associated with severe respiratory disease in preschool children with history of prematurity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Pancham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Sami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Perez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Neonatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="34" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus bronchiolitis in infancy is an important risk factor for asthma at age 5</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Garcia-Garcia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Calvo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Casas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Pulmonol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="458" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Weekly monitoring of children with asthma for infections and illness during common cold seasons</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Olenec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">125</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1001" to="1007" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>e1</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rhinovirus and serum IgE are associated with acute asthma exacerbation severity in children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kantor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Stenquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mcdonald</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">138</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1467" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>e9</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lung function in prematurely born infants after viral lower respiratory tract infections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Broughton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Sylvester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Fox</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1019" to="1043" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus infection induces long-term pulmonary inflammation associated with airway obstruction and hyperresponsiveness in mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hamelin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Prince</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gomez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">193</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1634" to="1676" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alveolar macrophages contribute to the pathogenesis of human metapneumovirus infection while protecting against respiratory syncytial virus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kolli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Gupta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Sbrana</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Cell Mol Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="502" to="517" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Correlation of TSLP, IL-33, and CD4 1 CD25 1 FOXP3 1 T regulatory (Treg) in pediatric asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Chauhan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Singh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Agarwal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Asthma</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="868" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">TSLP promotes interleukin-3-independent basophil haematopoiesis and type 2 inflammation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Siracusa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Saenz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">477</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7363</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="262" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human metapneumovirus infection activates the TSLP pathway that drives excessive pulmonary inflammation and viral replication in mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Cespedes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Palavecino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1680" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cloning of a human parvovirus by molecular screening of respiratory tract samples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Allander</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Tammi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Eriksson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12891" to="12897" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus in children: monodetection, high viral load and viraemia are associated with respiratory tract infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Christensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nordbo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Krokstad</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="158" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Community surveillance of respiratory viruses among families in the Utah better identification of germs-longitudinal viral epidemiology (BIG-LoVE) study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Byington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ampofo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Stockmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1217" to="1241" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus 1 primary infection and shedding in infants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kuypers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mcroberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">212</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="516" to="540" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus-the first 5 years</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Jartti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Jartti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Med Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="46" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus: passenger or pathogen in acute respiratory tract infections?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Schildgen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Muller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Allander</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Microbiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="304" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>table of contents</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus: current knowledge and future challenges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Guido</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Tumolo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Verri</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World J Gastroenterol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8684" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human bocavirus 1 may suppress rhinovirus-associated immune response in wheezing children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lukkarinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Soderlund-Venermo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Vuorinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">133</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="256" to="264" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recurrent wheezing and asthma after bocavirus bronchiolitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Del</forename><surname>Rosal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Garcia-Garcia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Calvo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Allergol Immunopathol (Madr)</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="410" to="414" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The annual impact of seasonal influenza in the US: measuring disease burden and costs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Molinari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ortega-Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Messonnier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5086" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of viral respiratory tract infections in children with asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Khetsuriani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Kazerouni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Erdman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="314" to="335" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology of respiratory viruses in patients hospitalized with near-fatal asthma, acute exacerbations of asthma, or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Tan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Xiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Qiu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">115</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="272" to="279" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The incidence of respiratory tract infection in adults requiring hospitalization for asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Teichtahl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Buckmaster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Pertnikovs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chest</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">112</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="591" to="597" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pandemic influenza virus, pH1N1, induces asthmatic symptoms via activation of innate lymphoid cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Shim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Allergy Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="780" to="788" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">IL-33 drives influenza-induced asthma exacerbations by halting innate and adaptive antiviral immunity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ravanetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dijkhuis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Dekker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">143</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1355" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2019" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An early innate response underlies severe influenza-induced exacerbations of asthma in a novel steroidinsensitive and anti-IL-5-responsive mouse model</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ravanetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dijkhuis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sabogal</forename><surname>Pineros</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Allergy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="737" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Type 2 innate lymphoid cells in allergic disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lund</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Walford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Doherty</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Immunol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="214" to="235" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Innate lymphoid cells mediate influenzainduced airway hyper-reactivity independently of adaptive immunity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Albacker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="631" to="639" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Role of deficient type III interferonlambda production in asthma exacerbations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Contoli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Message</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Laza-Stanca</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1023" to="1029" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impaired type I and III interferon response to rhinovirus infection during pregnancy and asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Forbes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Thorax</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="223" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rhinovirus-induced interferon production is not deficient in well controlled asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sykes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Macintyre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Thorax</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="240" to="246" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interferon response and respiratory virus control are preserved in bronchial epithelial cells in asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Patel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>You</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">134</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1402" to="1414" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>e7</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Increased H1N1 infection rate in children with asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kloepfer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Olenec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">185</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1275" to="1284" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevention and control of seasonal influenza with vaccines: recommendations of the advisory committee on immunization practices-United States, 2018-19 influenza season</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Grohskopf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Sokolow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Broder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MMWR Recomm Rep</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="20" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Surveillance of the first 205 confirmed hospitalised cases of pandemic H1N1 influenza in Ireland</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Cullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O&amp;apos;</forename><surname>Donnell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Euro Surveill</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">44</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009-10-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>pii:19389</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asthma and severity of 2009 novel H1N1 influenza: a population-based case-control study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Santillan</forename><surname>Salas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mehra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pardo</forename><surname>Crespo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Asthma</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1069" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influenza in asthmatics: for better or for worse?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Veerapandian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Snyder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Samarasinghe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Front Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1843</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk factors for severe outcomes following 2009 influenza A (H1N1) infection: a global pooled analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Van Kerkhove</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Vandemaele</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Shinde</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1001053</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors associated with death or hospitalization due to pandemic 2009 influenza A(H1N1) infection in California</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Louie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Acosta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Winter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">302</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1896" to="902" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predictors of clinical outcome in a national hospitalised cohort across both waves of the influenza A/H1N1 pandemic 2009-2010 in the UK</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Myles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Semple</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Thorax</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="709" to="726" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differences between asthmatics and nonasthmatics hospitalised with influenza A infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Myles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nguyen-Van-Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Semple</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur Respir J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="824" to="855" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eosinophils promote antiviral immunity in mice infected with influenza A virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Samarasinghe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Melo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Duan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">198</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3214" to="3240" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Initial influenza virus replication can be limited in allergic asthma through rapid induction of type III interferons in respiratory epithelium</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>An</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jeon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Jo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Front Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">986</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mice with asthma are more resistant to influenza virus infection and NK cells activated by the induction of asthma have potentially protective effects</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Sasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fukui</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="256" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vaccines for preventing influenza in people with asthma. Cochrane</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cates</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Rowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Database Syst Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">364</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Randomised placebocontrolled crossover trial on effect of inactivated influenza vaccine on pulmonary function in asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Nicholson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Nguyen-Van-Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Ahmed</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">351</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9099</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="357" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does influenza vaccination exacerbate asthma in children?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bueving</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bernsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>De Jongste</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The American Lung Association Asthma Clinical Research Centers. The safety of inactivated influenza vaccine in adults and children with asthma</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">345</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1529" to="1565" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Safety of live attenuated influenza vaccine in atopic children with egg allergy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Southern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Andrews</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Allergy Clin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="376" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
