<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">New Product Creativity: Understanding Contract Specificity in New Product Introductions</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2016-03">March 2016</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<title level="a" type="main">New Product Creativity: Understanding Contract Specificity in New Product Introductions</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Journal of Marketing</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="39" to="58"/>
							<date type="published" when="2016-03">March 2016</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1509/jm.14.0333</idno>
					<note>Tereza Dean, David A. Griffith, &amp; Roger J. Calantone Online Supplement: http://dx. Tereza Dean is Assistant Professor of Marketing, Department of Marketing and Supply Chain, University of Kentucky (e-mail: tde224@ uky.edu). David A. Griffith is Iacocca Chair and Professor of Marketing and Department Chair, Department of Marketing, College of Business and Economics, Lehigh University (e-mail: david.a.griffith@lehigh. edu). Roger J. Calantone is the Eli Broad Chaired University Professor of Business, Department of Marketing, Eli Broad Graduate School of Business, Michigan State University (e-mail: rogercal@msu.edu). The authors thank Cornelia Droge, David Hardesty, Jessica Hoppner, Ranjani Krishnan, Brian Murtha, and Raji Srinivasan for insights and feedback provided on earlier versions of the article. The authors also extend their thanks to the JM review team for their comments and insights regarding this work. This article is based on the first author&apos;s doctoral dissertation. Jan Heide served as area editor for this article. New Product Creativity / 41 New Product Creativity / 43</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:59+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>new product creativity</term>
					<term>contract specificity</term>
					<term>safeguarding</term>
					<term>adaptation</term>
					<term>relational behaviors</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Introducing new products necessitates that manufacturers not only carefully craft the initial contract terms with retailers but also consider how the specificity of the terms influences a retailer's relational behaviors throughout the duration of the contract, contingent upon the new product's success. The authors develop a series of hypotheses to investigate new product introductions using a multimethod design consisting of a survey of manufacturers and a repeated measures experiment with retailers. The results indicate that manufacturers craft increasingly specific contract terms as new product creativity increases when frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity are higher. When they are lower, the positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity weakens and can in some instances become negative. The results also indicate that there is no significant change in a retailer's relational behaviors throughout a contract's duration when contract specificity is lower, regardless of the new product's success. However, under the condition of higher contract specificity, the retailer's relational behaviors increase (decrease) over a contract's duration when the new product is successful (unsuccessful).</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>N ew product creativity is the extent to which a new product is novel and differs from competing alternatives <ref type="bibr" coords="1,119.31,432.83,52.55,8.77" target="#b10">(Fang 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,177.90,432.83,67.49,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman 1995)</ref>. Although creative new products drive firm sales and market growth <ref type="bibr" coords="1,54.94,455.74,110.53,8.77" target="#b23">(Im and Workman 2004)</ref>, difficulty in predicting the demand for them creates a coordination problem for manufacturers launching new products through retailers as the need to align the activities of channel members increases <ref type="bibr" coords="1,54.94,501.54,99.96,8.77" target="#b5">(Celly and Frazier 1996)</ref>. For example, a retailer left with excess inventory from the introduction of an unsuccessful new product may not fulfill the contracted product promotion obligations, or, to limit losses, it may discount its existing inventory below the price agreed to with the manufacturer. Alternatively, when a new product is successful, a retailer may capture increased profits by raising the retail selling price, thereby damaging the manufacturer's product positioning. The uncertainty regarding demand prediction and retailer action not only heightens the importance of establishing the initial contract terms for new products, wherein manufacturers trade off the ability to adapt the contract (which favors lower contract specificity) against the ability to safeguard against retailer opportunism (which favors higher contract specificity), but also necessitates an understanding of how a contract's specificity influences a retailer's relational behaviors related to the new product over time, subject to new product success.</p><p>Notably, although there is a great deal of literature on new product creativity related to organizational factors such as organizational memory <ref type="bibr" coords="1,413.49,595.94,113.31,8.77" target="#b38">(Moorman and Miner 1997)</ref>, information and knowledge acquisition <ref type="bibr" coords="1,465.51,607.62,91.54,8.77;1,317.94,619.25,68.39,8.77">(Ganesan, Malter, and Rindfleisch 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,389.47,619.25,62.87,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,455.55,619.25,101.54,8.77;1,317.94,630.92,20.60,8.77">Rindfleisch and Moorman 2001)</ref>, and speed to market <ref type="bibr" coords="1,427.78,630.92,45.96,8.77" target="#b10">(Fang 2008)</ref>, there has been very little research on the governance of creative new product introductions launched through a retailer (outside of work related to slotting fees; e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,422.88,665.91,117.28,8.77" target="#b61">White, Troy, and Gerlich 2000)</ref>. To investigate the coordination of channel members for new product introductions, we focus on the governance mechanisms of contracting and relational behaviors (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,491.20,700.94,65.88,8.77;2,54.94,36.38,21.84,8.77">Gulati and Singh 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,78.40,36.38,90.25,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,170.21,36.38,90.99,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,265.15,35.87,3.74,6.58">1</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="2,270.54,36.38,23.52,8.77;2,54.94,47.83,62.05,8.77" target="#b3">Buvik and John (2000)</ref> denote coordination as a means to manage the tension between adaptation and safeguarding; they draw on the work of <ref type="bibr" coords="2,90.24,70.79,98.69,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown (1996)</ref>, who argue that contracts have a significant influence on a partner's willingness to engage in relational behaviors. Consistent with this literature, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,253.88,93.70,40.16,8.77;2,54.94,105.15,77.48,8.77">Poppo and Zenger (2002, p. 721</ref>) state that there is a "need to explore more carefully and predict more cautiously the relationship between formal contracts and relational governance," which the authors view as being complementary. Together, these works provide motivation for investigating the crafting of initial contract terms, as well as the relational behaviors in which a retailer may engage throughout the contract's duration, for the introduction of a creative new product. Therefore, this research works to address two key questions: <ref type="formula" coords="2,170.65,196.82,11.25,8.77">(1)</ref> Under what conditions do manufacturers craft specific contract terms for new products to align expectations and identify shared rules and responsibilities, and under what conditions do they leave contractual terms open to permit greater adaptation and value-enhancing adjustments? (2) How might a retailer's engagement in relational behaviors change for a new product during the contract, according to the initial level of contract specificity and differing levels of new product success?</p><p>By addressing these questions, we contribute to the literature in two ways. First, we provide one of the first examinations of the governance of new product introductions through retailers, thereby extending the new product creativity literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,137.76,345.75,156.24,8.77">Ganesan, Malter, and Rindfleisch 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.93,357.21,64.79,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,122.85,357.21,129.07,8.77">Rindfleisch and Moorman 2001)</ref>. Building on the extant research in coordination of relationships through contracting (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,160.73,380.11,90.53,8.77" target="#b3">Buvik and John 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,254.78,380.11,39.26,8.77;2,54.94,391.56,52.15,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.91,391.56,93.56,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,204.21,391.56,89.80,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,54.94,403.01,112.34,8.77">Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref>, we demonstrate that contract specificity (defined as the degree to which the initial contractual terms for the new product are specified in detail) should be considered within the context of the type of new product launched (i.e., new product creativity) and the situation-specific factors of frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity. We are therefore able to delineate factors that influence the governance tradeoff between the problems of adaptation (minimizing the costs of renegotiation associated with changing circumstances) and safeguarding (protecting the new product from a retailer's opportunistic behaviors). The results indicate that frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity motivate firms to negotiate contract terms of varying levels of specificity with increasing new product creativity.</p><p>Second, this work extends the research on coordination of interorganizational exchanges through contractual and relational governance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,387.13,128.06,94.91,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,485.19,128.06,71.85,8.77;2,317.94,139.51,20.61,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>, answering the call of <ref type="bibr" coords="2,422.55,139.51,93.84,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger (2002)</ref>, who urge exploration of the relationship between contractual and relational governance. The results not only indicate that contract specificity enhances a retailer's relational behaviors related to the new product (i.e., actions taken to promote the development of cooperative relationships consisting of solidarity, flexibility, and information exchange; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,424.03,208.28,106.58,8.77" target="#b20">Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,533.65,208.28,23.41,8.77;2,317.94,219.73,68.41,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref> but also that this effect is contingent on the new product's success during the duration of the contract. As such, we extend the literature by detailing the roles of contract specificity and relational behaviors and how their relationship is subject to new product success, aspects that have not been addressed in prior research. Our finding that relational behaviors can change over the duration of a contract has important implications because manufacturers rely on the cooperation of their retailers when launching new products.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conceptual Model</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Manufacturer-Retailer Context of New Product Introductions</head><p>To better understand our context, consider ConAgra Foods, an American packaged foods company that distributes its products through various retail outlets. ConAgra Foods manufactures a wide variety of products under numerous brand names (e.g., Healthy Choice, Hunt's, Chef Boyardee) through retail partners such as Kroger, Walmart, Target, Meijer, and others. The company has an extensive product line and is continually introducing new products. For example, in August 2014, ConAgra Foods announced that it would be introducing Delight Bites (under the Life Choice brand) to retail stores in six flavors <ref type="bibr" coords="2,359.89,506.14,88.47,8.77" target="#b7">(ConAgra Foods 2014)</ref>. Before these new products could appear on retail shelves, ConAgra Foods and its retailers engaged in negotiations in which they agreed on the terms of trade for the new products. Such negotiations generally include establishing an agreement regarding items, including, but not limited to, slotting allowances, promotional support, advertising, pricing, introductory allowances and discounts, sales targets, customer education and support activities, and shelf space allocation <ref type="bibr" coords="2,406.49,597.81,135.52,8.77">(Federal Trade Commission 2003)</ref>.</p><p>The roles and responsibilities of manufacturers and retailers regarding product management can vary across contracts and have different levels of specificity. Typically, manufacturers are responsible for the production and delivery of products either to the distribution center or all the way to the shelf; for packaging and labeling that meets the retailer's requirements; for advertising; and so on. For example, ConAgra Foods was responsible for the production of the six flavors of Delight Bites, their distribution to retail partners, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,63.89,521.72,3.36,5.92">1</ref> The extant literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,164.29,522.22,88.10,7.89" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,255.34,522.22,38.68,7.89;2,54.94,532.19,48.09,7.89" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref> has argued that contractual and relational governance act as complements in coordinating the actions among arms-length exchange partners. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,130.28,552.15,128.01,7.89">Lusch and Brown (1996, p. 19)</ref> indicate, "Relational governance occurs primarily through a set of relational norms that govern acceptable behavior between the exchange partners." They further articulate (p. 23), "In a relational channel setting, we expect that when a normative contract exists channel members are more likely to engage in behavior that is consistent with the normative contract." Their findings provide strong support for the argument that relational governance norms drive channel member relational behaviors. Furthermore, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,215.82,631.86,78.23,7.89;2,54.93,641.78,23.71,7.89" target="#b20">Hoppner and Griffith (2011)</ref> argue that within a relational exchange context, relational behaviors emanate from the establishment of relational norms and are reciprocated by exchange partners. Building from the extant literature on contractual and relational governance, we conceptualize and operationalize the governance mechanism of contractual and relational governance through contract specificity and relational behaviors (the action orientation of relational behavioral norms). and the national advertising to promote the new products. Retailers are typically responsible for store-level implementation and execution, including the implementation of agreed-on shelf placement, promotional displays, product replenishment, sales support, and so on.</p><p>However, although manufacturers and retailers establish contracts to set forth the roles and responsibilities of each party, they may also need to engage in behaviors outside of what is specifically stated in the contract to support the new product's introduction. For example, when a newly launched product sells below expected levels, the manufacturer may need to rely on and cooperate with its retailer to identify the problem. As such, it is not simply the contract but also the retailer's relational behaviors that facilitate the coordination of introducing new products between a manufacturer and its retailers.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>New Product Creativity, Contract Specificity, and Situation-Specific Elements</head><p>New product creativity differentiates a new product from competing alternatives <ref type="bibr" coords="3,149.16,265.53,125.50,8.77" target="#b53">(Sethi, Smith, and Park 2001)</ref> and directly influences a consumer's intention to buy <ref type="bibr" coords="3,261.14,276.98,32.92,8.77;3,54.94,288.44,119.16,8.77" target="#b47">(Rubera, Ordanini, and Griffith 2011)</ref>. However, "highly creative products may have greater potential for short-term performance problems due to the difficulty of changing consumer or retail acceptance of the product" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,159.31,322.85,130.95,8.77">(Moorman and Miner 1997, p. 94)</ref>. Thus, when introducing creative new products, manufacturers must consider the uncertainty of demand prediction as well as retailer action. Taken together, these factors create a tension between the problems of adaptation and safeguarding in specifying the initial terms of trade for creative new products.</p><p>This tension can best be described as the problems that arise within interorganizational governance. Difficulty of predicting demand creates uncertainty, which makes the circumstances of exchange difficult to specify beforehand <ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.93,437.43,95.97,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide and John 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,155.39,437.43,112.29,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman and Miner 1997)</ref>. This uncertainty gives rise to an adaptation problem, that is, difficulties with modifying agreements to reflect changing circumstances that increase transaction costs, such as those associated with communicating new information and renegotiating agreements <ref type="bibr" coords="3,151.65,494.69,93.60,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide and John 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,248.94,494.69,45.05,8.77;3,54.94,506.14,68.58,8.77" target="#b46">Rindfleisch and Heide 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,128.26,506.14,102.01,8.77" target="#b59">Walker and Weber 1984)</ref>. Manufacturers launching new products thus need the flexibility to respond to observed demand by implementing changes in areas such as pricing, quantity delivered, promotions, packaging, product characteristics, and location within the retail store. For example, when one of the flavors of the newly launched Delight Bites by ConAgra Foods is selling below expectations, the manufacturer may desire to modify the product specifications or alter the price in an attempt to increase sales. Similarly, when the product is surpassing sales expectations, the manufacturer may need to modify the agreement to allocate more prominent shelf space to capitalize on the new product's success. This need for adaptation due to uncertainty favors lower contract specificity that permits profitable revisions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,92.58,666.52,88.47,8.77" target="#b3">(Buvik and John 2000)</ref>. Unfortunately, less specific contracts can create exposure to opportunism.</p><p>Opportunism refers to "self-interest seeking with guile" <ref type="bibr" coords="3,54.94,700.93,103.88,8.77">(Williamson 1985, p. 47)</ref> and includes not only behaviors such as lying and cheating, but also shirking or evading contractual obligations <ref type="bibr" coords="3,417.88,47.84,139.12,8.77" target="#b52">(Seggie, Griffith, and Jap 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,317.94,59.29,98.75,8.77" target="#b60">Wathne and Heide 2000)</ref>. Opportunism, which gives rise to the safeguarding problem, is viewed as a consequence of investments in specific assets whose value is limited outside of the existing relationship (Rindflesich and <ref type="bibr" coords="3,503.66,93.70,49.08,8.77" target="#b46">Heide 1997)</ref>. When a retailer takes ownership of the manufacturer's product, a manufacturer's product becomes, to some extent, specialized to the retailer, and is therefore subject to potential retailer opportunism. This is consistent with the argumentation of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,388.12,150.96,95.47,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier (1996)</ref>, who note that the channel coordination problem between a supplier and a distributor derives from the fact that distributors take title to the supplier's products; distributors are independent businesses with multiple suppliers, and as such, their business objectives differ from those of any one supplier. This is also consistent with the concerns of <ref type="bibr" coords="3,454.04,219.72,103.01,8.77">Gulati and Singh (1998)</ref> about appropriation (i.e., taking something for one's own use, typically without the owner's permission). These concerns arise from incomplete contracts that lower goal alignment between exchange partners. It is in this light that our work focuses on the adaptation problem brought forth by balancing demand uncertainty with the need to safeguard against retailer opportunism.</p><p>To explain how manufacturers trade off between safeguarding and adaptation when specifying contractual terms for creative new products, we develop a conceptual model of contract establishment (see <ref type="figure" coords="3,433.36,345.75,34.01,8.77">Figure 1</ref>, Panel A). The contracting literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="3,414.48,357.21,99.26,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,517.49,357.21,39.54,8.77;3,317.93,368.66,51.11,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,372.41,368.66,110.13,8.77">Wuyts and Geyskens 2005)</ref> suggests that contracts should be considered within the context of the exchange. Therefore, we consider moderation effects of situation-specific factors relevant to new product introductions-specifically, performance ambiguity and a firm's frequency of new product introductions with the retailer. Performance ambiguity is defined as the difficulty in assessing the performance of new products (end goals and means to those ends) at a specific retailer. Conceptually, the ability of the manufacturer to evaluate not only the retailer's sales of the new product but also the completion of agreed-on tasks regarding store-level implementation and execution is consistent with the concept of behavioral uncertainty as enumerated by <ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.60,517.59,122.59,8.77" target="#b46">Rindfleisch and Heide (1997)</ref>, who characterize behavioral uncertainty as a performance-evaluation problem associated with information asymmetry. Frequency of new product introductions is defined as the number of new products introduced by a manufacturer through a specific retailer in the same category as the new product. It incorporates all of a firm's new products launched in the category, regardless of their level of creativity. 2 Frequency of new 2 Theoretically, we do not expect that there is a relationship between new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions. Whereas frequency of new product introductions is conceptualized at the relationship level (i.e., the frequency of new product introductions through the specific retailer), product creativity is conceptualized solely at the product level. Therefore, a firm that introduces a new product can introduce either a more creative or a less creative new product. product introductions has been argued to be an important element of a manufacturer's new product strategy <ref type="bibr" coords="4,253.66,517.59,40.41,8.77;4,54.94,529.04,119.45,8.77">(Ganesan, Malter, and Rindfleisch 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,176.80,529.04,117.24,8.77" target="#b32">Li and Atuahene-Gima 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,54.94,540.49,109.88,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman and Miner 1997)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Contract Specificity, New Product Performance, and Retailer's Relational Behaviors</head><p>Because not all contingencies can be contractually planned for <ref type="bibr" coords="4,70.87,597.81,109.91,8.77" target="#b15">(Grossman and Hart 1986)</ref>, coordination between exchange partners is facilitated through not only formal contracts but also relational behaviors (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,217.48,620.71,76.56,8.77;4,54.94,632.16,66.49,8.77" target="#b2">Bercovitz, Jap, and Nickerson 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,124.73,632.16,93.99,8.77" target="#b25">Jap and Ganesan 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,221.95,632.16,72.03,8.77;4,54.94,643.62,22.62,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,80.51,643.62,99.09,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,182.55,643.62,107.19,8.77" target="#b49">Sande and Haugland 2015)</ref>. Thus, we contend that contract specificity influences a retailer's engagement in relational behaviors throughout the duration of the contract (thus addressing the complementarity of contracts and relational governance, as indicated by <ref type="bibr" coords="4,268.55,689.48,25.49,8.77;4,54.94,700.93,72.22,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. We also contend that this influence is contingent on the new product's success, defined as sales generated by the new product relative to a category average ( <ref type="figure" coords="4,322.08,529.04,72.11,8.77">Figure 1, Panel B)</ref>.</p><p>In contrast to prior research that has examined the influence of relational behaviors on relationship performance <ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.94,563.45,116.39,8.77" target="#b20">(Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,438.35,563.45,98.85,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>, we conceptualize new product success as affecting the influence of contract specificity on relational behaviors. Scholars have noted that relational behaviors develop on the basis of the expectation of future returns <ref type="bibr" coords="4,439.71,609.26,117.29,8.77" target="#b20">(Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,317.94,620.71,147.15,8.77" target="#b30">Lazzarini, Miller, and Zenger 2004)</ref>. As such, a retailer's willingness to work with the manufacturer outside of the contract may be quite limited, because there is little motivation for the retailer to incur additional costs unless it can also realize additional benefits. Retailers will thus pay close attention to a new product's success (a strong indicator of the potential returns the new product will generate) when determining their level of relational behaviors in light of the Transaction size Manufacturer's % of business initial contract. We also contend that a retailer's relational behaviors can change over time, a proposition that has not been examined.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Hypotheses</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Antecedents of Contract Specificity (Manufacturer's Perspective)</head><p>When a new product is less creative (offering minor changes to existing products on the market), demand can be more accurately predicted on the basis of response models for similar products. As creativity increases, there are fewer similar products against which to benchmark, which makes demand prediction more challenging. As a result, the tradeoff between adaptation and safeguarding becomes more severe as creativity increases. Manufacturers cannot both safeguard their products from retailer opportunism and at the same time maintain the flexibility needed to adjust to changing demand, because these actions require opposing levels of contract specificity. We contend that the need for safeguarding against opportunism will overshadow the inherent need for flexibility. This expectation is based on the logic that a manufacturer will craft initial contractual terms to protect its investment in the new product, accepting potential costs associated with renegotiation of the contract terms that will evolve over time, but that can be negotiated. This is consistent with prior research that has suggested that contracts are initially specific to ensure that early, more vulnerable stages of exchange are protected against opportunistic actions of an exchange partner (such as shirking, exploiting loopholes, evading informally stated obligations, etc.), and are renegotiated once danger decreases <ref type="bibr" coords="5,209.14,396.32,84.91,8.77;5,54.94,407.77,22.62,8.77" target="#b22">(Huberman and Kahn 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,83.00,407.77,105.31,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. Specific contract terms then permit exchange partners to align expectations and identify shared rules and responsibilities <ref type="bibr" coords="5,219.40,430.68,74.60,8.77;5,54.94,442.13,80.90,8.77" target="#b16">(Gulati, Lawrence, and Puranam 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,140.26,442.13,97.68,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,242.36,442.13,51.68,8.77;5,54.94,453.58,60.64,8.77" target="#b48">Sanchez and Mahoney 1996)</ref>, thus protecting against appropriation <ref type="bibr" coords="5,266.23,453.58,27.77,8.77;5,54.94,465.03,67.10,8.77">(Gulati and Singh 1998)</ref>. For these reasons, we expect a positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity. However, because this relationship exists within the context of the manufacturer-retailer relationship, we argue that it is conditional on the frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity.</p><p>Frequency of new product introductions. A higher frequency of new product introductions creates a more turbulent exchange environment because retailers must handle a greater number of products. Estimates of new product failures among consumer packaged goods (fast-moving goods) are around 75% <ref type="bibr" coords="5,109.76,597.81,109.00,8.77" target="#b50">(Schneider and Hall 2011)</ref>, so retailers may become increasingly opportunistic when introducing each new product, because a larger number of new product introductions increases the demands placed on a retailer and its customers. The potential for greater opportunism created by the higher frequency of new product introductions, coupled with increasing new product creativity, enhances the need for safeguarding against opportunistic behaviors (e.g., shirking, breach of contract). As such, we contend that the positive relationship between new product creativity and contract specificity is heightened as a manufacturer's frequency of new product introductions increases.</p><p>Alternatively, when a manufacturer's frequency of new product introductions is lower, we contend that the positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity weakens. A lower frequency of new products introduced by the manufacturer provides a more stable product offering for the retailer, decreasing a retailer's costs and increasing its profits per stock keeping unit (SKU) <ref type="bibr" coords="5,475.88,128.06,81.23,8.77;5,317.94,139.51,21.24,8.77" target="#b43">(Quelch and Kenny 1994)</ref>. Therefore, as new product creativity increases, the increased stability of the exchange environment allows manufacturers to build more flexibility into their contracts with retailers. By doing so, manufacturers decrease their costs of maladaptation that result from increased demand uncertainty inherent to the introduction of creative new products. As discussed previously, new product creativity creates difficulties in completely specifying the exchange in a contract due to unforeseeable contingencies <ref type="bibr" coords="5,446.63,231.18,110.47,8.77;5,317.94,242.63,22.48,8.77" target="#b4">(Carson, Madhok, and Wu 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,344.35,242.63,108.99,8.77" target="#b24">Iyer and Villas-Boas 2003)</ref>, necessitating the implementation of mechanisms for adaptation <ref type="bibr" coords="5,488.47,254.09,68.59,8.77;5,317.94,265.54,22.48,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide and John 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,343.56,265.54,99.86,8.77" target="#b59">Walker and Weber 1984)</ref>. Thus, because a lower frequency of new product introductions creates a more stable and profitable environment for retailers, it curtails their engagement in opportunistic behaviors when they introduce each new product. As such, we argue that the positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity will weaken in favor of adaptation as the need for safeguarding decreases. More formally: H 1 : When the frequency of new product introductions is higher, the positive relationship of new product creativity and contract specificity is greater than when the frequency of new product introductions is lower.</p><p>Performance ambiguity. Performance ambiguity makes it difficult to evaluate the performance of new products and to assess retailers' adherence to contractual terms. For example, when manufacturers rely on their retailers to manage new product introductions within the store, they experience greater performance-evaluation problems because retailers may not carry out agreed-on tasks and data may be limited in terms of comprehensiveness and essential downstream information. The information asymmetry created by this condition increases the potential for a retailer to engage in opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="5,523.96,517.59,33.21,8.77;5,317.93,529.04,92.21,8.77" target="#b4">(Carson, Madhok, and Wu 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,412.33,529.04,95.13,8.77" target="#b60">Wathne and Heide 2000)</ref>. As a result, when the new product does not perform as expected, the manufacturer cannot easily determine whether the underperformance is due to issues in consumer demand or to a retailer's lack of compliance with the terms of the contract. For this reason, we contend that performance ambiguity will enhance the positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity (i.e., a greater need for safeguarding through more specific contracts). This contention is based on the argument that although early literature has questioned the effectiveness of contracts as legal safeguards under ambiguity <ref type="bibr" coords="5,317.93,655.07,52.63,8.77" target="#b39">(Ouchi 1979)</ref>, more recent research has indicated that the coordinating role of contracts makes them robust to ambiguity <ref type="bibr" coords="5,341.18,677.97,130.63,8.77" target="#b4">(Carson, Madhok, and Wu 2006)</ref>. Specifically, greater contract specificity enhances the identification of shared objectives, responsibilities, and expectations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,468.90,700.93,88.11,8.77;6,54.94,36.38,57.80,8.77" target="#b16">(Gulati, Lawrence, and Puranam 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,115.49,36.38,76.97,8.77" target="#b19">Hill and King 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,195.21,36.38,98.77,8.77" target="#b35">Mayer and Argyres 2004)</ref> and reduces appropriation concerns <ref type="bibr" coords="6,191.95,47.83,90.97,8.77">(Gulati and Singh 1998)</ref>.</p><p>Conversely, when performance ambiguity is lower, the manufacturer can more easily monitor and evaluate the retailer's activities and determine its contribution to the product's sales. Thus, lower levels of performance ambiguity reduce the need for safeguarding against opportunism <ref type="bibr" coords="6,54.93,116.60,99.98,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide and John 1990)</ref>. Less ambiguous environments lessen information asymmetry and provide a better understanding of cause-effect relationships and available courses of action <ref type="bibr" coords="6,95.28,150.96,136.44,8.77" target="#b4">(Carson, Madhok, and Wu 2006)</ref>. Therefore, as new product creativity increases, less ambiguous environments permit manufacturers to build more flexibility into their contracts with retailers, enabling them to better respond to unforeseeable contingencies that rise from the difficulty in predicting demand. For these reasons, we contend that lower performance ambiguity will weaken the positive influence of new product creativity on contract specificity. More formally: H 2 : When performance ambiguity is higher, the positive relationship of new product creativity and contract specificity is greater than when performance ambiguity is lower.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Contract Specificity and Retailer's Relational Behaviors (Retailer's Perspective)</head><p>Apart from establishing initial contractual terms, governance of new product introductions necessitates an ongoing support of the new product that requires exchange partners to operate beyond the scope of the contract and to engage in productrelated relational behaviors. Because these behaviors are product-specific, it is important to note that they do not apply to other products in the manufacturer's portfolio. Prior research has shown that well-specified contracts promote goal alignment and cooperative behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,221.72,425.92,72.34,8.77;6,54.93,437.42,68.61,8.77" target="#b30">(Lazzarini, Miller, and Zenger 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,125.29,437.42,96.47,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref> because they limit the domain and severity of risk to which retailers are exposed by specifying punishments and restricting gains from opportunism on the part of the manufacturer. In contrast, less specific contracts decrease goal alignment <ref type="bibr" coords="6,221.86,483.23,72.16,8.77;6,54.93,494.68,80.53,8.77" target="#b16">(Gulati, Lawrence, and Puranam 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,140.32,494.68,97.59,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,242.76,494.68,51.30,8.77;6,54.93,506.14,64.25,8.77" target="#b48">Sanchez and Mahoney 1996)</ref>, increase the potential for opportunistic behaviors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,96.26,517.59,96.11,8.77">(Gulati and Singh 1998)</ref>, and, thus, lower expectations of cooperation <ref type="bibr" coords="6,146.15,529.04,102.57,8.77" target="#b41">(Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>. Thus, we contend that contract specificity enhances retailers' relational behaviors. However, as engagement in relational behaviors related to the new product over time (e.g., timely restocking of shelves, encouraging employees to discuss a specific product with customers) can be costly in terms of time and resource allocation <ref type="bibr" coords="6,97.23,597.81,55.41,8.77" target="#b29">(Larson 1992)</ref>, we contend that retailers will be reluctant to make such investments unless they can capture increased benefits (e.g., increased margins, market share, customer loyalty, differentiation) that are contingent on the new product's success. When contract specificity is higher, manufacturers and retailers work to craft a mutually agreeable contract that explicitly details their roles, responsibilities, and obligations, planning for as many foreseeable contingencies as possible <ref type="bibr" coords="6,54.93,700.93,107.44,8.77" target="#b34">(Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,167.70,700.93,99.13,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010)</ref>. This contractual specificity enhances a retailer's motivation to engage in relational behaviors over time when a new product is successful. The rationale is that when a new product is successful, the retailer gains increased benefits from greater product sales because contractual specificity safeguards the retailer from a manufacturer's opportunistic behaviors. This rationale builds on the work of <ref type="bibr" coords="6,439.54,105.15,113.35,8.77" target="#b9">Dahlquist and Griffith (2014)</ref>, who find that in multidyadic industrial channels, a buyer engages in behaviors with its upstream supplier to share in its successful product sales to downstream customers. Consistent with this argumentation, we also contend that when a new product is unsuccessful, a retailer will minimize its efforts outside the scope of the contract over time, minimizing its costs. Thus, we argue that when a new product is successful, the retailer will increase its engagement in relational behaviors over time, and when a new product is unsuccessful, the retailer will decrease its engagement in relational behaviors over time.</p><p>When contract specificity is lower, the lack of specificity in the contract allows for greater flexibility for both parties. Because a retailer operates to maximize its profits while minimizing its costs, we contend that the lack of contract specificity suppresses the retailer's motivation to engage in relational behaviors over time not only when the new product is unsuccessful but also when it is successful. Whereas this logic is intuitive for an unsuccessful new product (i.e., the retailer would not incur costs outside the contract by engaging in relational behaviors for a product that provided limited value to the retailer), the logic regarding a successful new product is more nuanced. We contend that although the retailer may be inclined to engage in behaviors to partake in the new product's success (cf. Dahlquist and Griffith 2014), a lack of contract specificity would fail to safeguard the retailer from manufacturer opportunism. For instance, the retailer might provide additional support to the new product but, due to the lack of specificity in the contract, may not be able to claim additional benefits. This consideration motivates the retailer to wait until renegotiation at contract renewal, as opposed to incurring unanticipated costs (i.e., relational behaviors). More formally:</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 1</head><p>Procedure We administered an online survey to managers of CPG manufacturers by a research company. We selected a random sample of 1,290 qualified informants from the research company's manager panel. To enhance the response rate, informants were offered financial compensation to participate in the study. Follow-up e-mails with a second survey were sent to nonrespondents. In total, we received 217 completed surveys, for a response rate of 17%. Of the 217 respondents, only 135 provided information regarding their written contracts. The final sample thus represents 135 completed and usable surveys. To assess nonresponse bias, we compared the differences of means between early and late informants on demographic variables and study constructs. The results indicate that nonresponse bias was minimal: we found no significant differences on any of the study constructs. We also compared the means of informants who included contractual information versus those who did not on demographic variables and study constructs. We found no significant differences.</p><p>To qualify informants, we screened managers on the basis of two criteria: (1) they needed to be involved in the process of getting new products into a retailer's stores, and (2) they needed to be knowledgeable about the contractual terms negotiated for new products between the manufacturer and the retailer. These contractual terms refer to written contracts and do not include implicit or verbal contracts. Informants who fit both criteria were allowed to proceed to the survey, in which they were asked to select a new product that had recently been launched and a retailer through which this new product had been launched. Informants were instructed to select a new product and a retailer with which they were personally involved. The final sample represents manufacturers from multiple CPG categories (e.g., food, health and beauty, sporting goods, craft and hobby, jewelry, apparel) and informants who have worked in their current position for an average of 7 years and have an average of 18 years of experience in the industry. The median number of retailers and products that these informants are responsible for is 20 and 60, respectively. The final sample represents manufacturers with median sales of $50 million, and a median number of employees of 300. The informants selected retailers with which they had been doing business for an average of 16 years, and on average, 23% of the selected category business went to these retailers. The selected new products were on the market for an average of 11 months.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measurement</head><p>We operationalized the key study constructs using established multi-item scales. Appendix A reports measures of the constructs. <ref type="table" coords="7,378.24,214.11,30.07,8.77" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> presents correlations and descriptive statistics.</p><p>New product creativity. We measured new product creativity with a seven-item, five-point semantic differential scale, adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="7,397.81,264.80,68.07,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman (1995)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="7,485.52,264.80,47.23,8.77" target="#b10">Fang (2008)</ref>. This measure captures the extent to which a manufacturer's new product is novel and differs from competing alternatives.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Frequency of new product introductions.</head><p>We used three open-ended items to operationalize the frequency of new product introductions and to capture the number of new products introduced by a manufacturer through a specific retailer in the same category as the new product. The informants were asked to report the number of new SKUs created, the total number of new products launched yearly, and the average number of new products introduced yearly by the manufacturer through the specific retailer. To reduce skewness, we used the natural log of frequency of new product introductions.</p><p>Performance ambiguity. We measured performance ambiguity with three items, each on a five-point semantic differential scale. These items build on the conceptualizations New Product Creativity / 45 of performance ambiguity in the extant literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,270.42,36.38,23.62,8.77;8,54.94,47.83,60.39,8.77" target="#b18">Heide and John 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,117.58,47.83,63.66,8.77" target="#b27">Kim et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="8,183.57,47.83,93.84,8.77" target="#b57">Stump and Heide 1996)</ref> and work to capture the extent to which manufacturers have difficulty in assessing the performance of new products (e.g., sales, performance of agreed-on tasks regarding store-level implementation and execution) at a specific retailer.</p><p>Contract specificity. We measured contract specificity using three items, each on a five-point Likert scale. These items build on the conceptualization of contract specificity of <ref type="bibr" coords="8,110.58,145.97,98.35,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh (2010)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="8,228.23,145.97,65.82,8.77;8,54.93,157.42,26.04,8.77" target="#b14">Ghosh and John (2005)</ref>.</p><p>Control variables. We included seven variables in the model to control for differences in contract specificity that may have occurred as a result of transaction-or relationshipspecific factors: environmental uncertainty, advertising, transaction size, relationship length, contract duration, retailer's dependence on the manufacturer, and manufacturer's dependence on the retailer. Environmental uncertainty creates adaptation problems <ref type="bibr" coords="8,215.62,255.55,78.44,8.77" target="#b62">(Williamson 1996)</ref> and may thus influence the specificity of the contract. We measured environmental uncertainty with a three-item, fivepoint semantic differential scale adapted from <ref type="bibr" coords="8,253.25,289.97,40.78,8.77;8,54.93,301.42,57.06,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier (1996)</ref>.</p><p>Advertising support for new products plays a critical role in new product launch and performance. A manufacturer's willingness to pay for advertising expenditures can influence the way contracts are negotiated to safeguard against exploitation. We measured advertising support using two items, each on a five-point Likert scale. We measured transaction size as the initial monthly purchase amount for the new product. As the size of the transaction increases, manufacturers draft more specific contracts because they face increasing hazards <ref type="bibr" coords="8,133.68,416.00,52.25,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide 1994)</ref>. Relationship length captures the number of years the manufacturer and the retailer have engaged in business with each other. 3 The length of the relationship can influence contract specificity because it can lead to greater coordination <ref type="bibr" coords="8,163.33,461.80,114.58,8.77" target="#b55">(Srikanth and Puranam 2014)</ref> and trust between parties, decreasing the need for safeguarding <ref type="bibr" coords="8,54.94,484.71,99.82,8.77" target="#b37">(Mooi and Ghosh 2010)</ref>. 4 Contract duration refers to the length of time for which two parties agree to abide by the terms of the contract <ref type="bibr" coords="8,140.65,507.61,57.41,8.77" target="#b26">(Joskow 1987)</ref>. Contracts with shorter duration are more likely to be more specific because the shorter time frame covered by the contract decreases the need for adaptation. We measured retailer's dependence on the manufacturer and manufacturer's dependence on the retailer following <ref type="bibr" coords="8,97.57,564.93,159.08,8.77" target="#b28">Kumar, Scheer, and Steenkamp (1995)</ref>. Dependence structures have been found to influence contracting (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="8,78.18,587.83,96.53,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>.</p><p>Measurement model. We evaluated the psychometric properties of the constructs by conducting a confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Appendix A presents the item loadings, and <ref type="table" coords="8,376.65,36.38,31.46,8.77" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> reports the Cronbach's alphas. The overall c 2 goodness-of-fit index for the model is 370.65, with 273 degrees of freedom. The measurement fit indexes all meet the critical values for a model of good fit <ref type="bibr" coords="8,523.96,70.79,33.10,8.77;8,317.94,82.24,53.54,8.77" target="#b21">(Hu and Bentler 1999)</ref>: comparative fit index (CFI) of .99, root mean square error of approximation (RMSEA) of .05, and standardized root mean square residual (SRMR) of .06. Factor loadings are large (range: .59 to .99) and significant (t &gt; 2.00), supporting convergent validity. The average variance extracted (AVE) for each construct also exceeds the square of correlations between constructs, confirming discriminant validity <ref type="bibr" coords="8,409.91,162.41,115.86,8.77" target="#b12">(Fornell and Larcker 1981)</ref>. Also, Cronbach's alphas of .80 or above indicate acceptable levels of reliability for each construct.</p><p>We performed two empirical tests to check for the presence of common method variance. First, we employed <ref type="bibr" coords="8,317.94,219.72,123.06,8.77" target="#b33">Lindell and Whitney's (2001)</ref> marker variable assessment test. We used the number of years the informants had worked in the industry as a marker variable. Number of years had a small correlation with the dependent construct (r = .02). We partialed out this coefficient from bivariate correlations and compared the results with those obtained from the unadjusted correlations between study predictors and outcomes. We found that the unadjusted correlations maintained their size and pattern of significance. Second, we examined correlations between endogenous and exogenous errors in CFA. We permitted the errors of the endogenous variable items to covary with those of the exogenous variable items and tested for a difference in c 2 (Molina-Castillo et al. 2012). We found no significant differences. The results indicate that common method bias is not a significant issue in the data.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Our research hypotheses (H 1 and H 2 ) specify that the effect of new product creativity on contract specificity will shift across the range of frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity. To test these hypotheses, we estimated the following model:</p><p>Contract specificity = a 0 + b 1 New product creativity + b 2 Frequency of new product introductions + b 3 Performance ambiguity + b 4 New product creativity  Frequency of new product introductions + b 5 New product creativity  Performance ambiguity + control variables + e 1 :</p><p>(1)</p><p>A possible concern in estimating Equation 1 is endogeneity, which is a common problem that occurs as a result of omitted variables and self-selection bias <ref type="bibr" coords="8,475.14,632.16,48.38,8.77" target="#b1">(Bascle 2008</ref>). In our model, new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions may be endogenous and thus lead to biased coefficients. Building on prior literature that has suggested that new product introductions are closely related to differentiation (Ter Braak, Dekimpe, and Geyskens 2013) as well as the type and number of products in a portfolio <ref type="bibr" coords="8,514.83,700.93,42.21,8.77">(Wind and</ref> Mahajan 1997), we used differentiation in the product category and the number of products in each informant's portfolio as instruments for new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions. We provide additional details of this instrumental variable procedure in the Web Appendix. The Durbin-Wu-Hausman test did not reveal any violation of the assumed exogeneity of our variables (F = .07, p &gt; .10). Although tests for endogeneity of the interaction terms could also be performed, given that the main effect tests were nonsignificant, we are confident that even with the interaction terms, the effect of endogeneity (if any) is limited. This is consistent with prior literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="9,253.12,162.41,41.08,8.77;9,54.94,173.86,119.20,8.77" target="#b58">Ter Braak, Dekimpe, and Geyskens 2013)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="9,69.90,185.31,32.22,8.77" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref> shows coefficients and associated t-statistics for a model with and without interaction effects (Model 1 and Model 2, respectively). We mean-centered the independent variables and created the interaction terms by multiplying these centered variables. The adjusted R 2 for Model 2 is .30, and the R 2 change between Model 1 and Model 2 is .044 (p &lt; .05). Furthermore, the collinearity statistics reveal no multicollinearity issues (all variance inflation factor [VIF] values are below 1.5 and tolerance values are above .65).</p><p>The results of Model 1 indicate that new product creativity and contract specificity are not significantly related (b 1 = .02, p &gt; .10) but that frequency of new product introductions (b 2 = .25, p &lt; .01) and performance ambiguity (b 3 = -.24, p &lt; .01) are both statistically significant. The results of Model 2 support H 1 , indicating that the effect of the interaction between new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions on contract specificity is positive and significant (b 4 = .17, p &lt; .05). Supportive of H 2 , the interaction between new product creativity and performance ambiguity is positive and significant (b 5 = .13, p &lt; .05).</p><p>To better understand the significant moderation effects, we plotted the partial derivative of the model using <ref type="bibr" coords="9,524.58,70.79,27.82,8.77;9,317.94,82.24,62.04,8.77" target="#b51">Schoonhoven's (1981)</ref> procedure. We used unstandardized coefficients to perform this analysis. <ref type="figure" coords="9,444.47,93.70,31.51,8.77">Figure 2</ref>, Panel A, shows the moderating effect of frequency of new product introductions, and Panel B shows the moderating effect of performance ambiguity, suggesting that these effects may be nonmonotonic. To test for nonmonotonic effects, we performed a simple slopes analysis (cf. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,391.58,150.96,130.81,8.77" target="#b42">Preacher, Curran, and Bauer 2006)</ref>. <ref type="table" coords="9,528.27,150.96,28.79,8.77" target="#tab_4">Table 3</ref> displays the relationship between new product creativity and contract specificity at different levels of frequency of new product introductions (Panel A) and performance ambiguity (Panel B). The results in Panel A suggest that the relationship between new product creativity and contract specificity becomes more positive as frequency of new product introductions increases. At low levels of frequency, the effect of product creativity on contract specificity is also significant but negative (in a one-tailed test), suggesting a nonmonotonic effect. The results in Panel B suggest that as performance ambiguity increases, the relationship between new product creativity and contract specificity becomes increasingly positive. However, because at a low level of performance ambiguity the main effect of product creativity is not significant, we do not observe a nonmonotonic effect.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Robustness of the Results with Different Specifications</head><p>To test the robustness of our results, we ran a variation of our model. Research has suggested that situation-specific factors can not only affect, but also can be affected by, governance (Ghosh </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>New Product Creativity / 47</head><p>and John 1999; Wuyts, Dutta, and Stremersch 2004). This suggestion indicates the possible presence of a feedback loop between contract specificity and frequency of new product introductions, 5 whereby the way a contract is specified may influence a manufacturer's willingness to launch new products through the retailer. To examine this possibility, we tested an alternate model that adds a feedback loop between contract specificity and frequency of new product introductions to the initial model. Using three-stage least squares estimation, we fitted two simultaneous equations. First, we estimated frequency of new product introductions as a function of contract specificity and its exogenous drivers. This included the number of products in each informant's portfolio; relationship length; and categoryspecific variables, including the extent of differentiation in the product category, category concentration, and number of competitors. The second equation was identical to Equation 1, with the exception that we used fitted values of frequency of new product introductions to create the interaction term between new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions. The results demonstrate a level of consistency wherein interaction effects between new product creativity and both (1) frequency of new product introductions (b = .26, p &lt; .05) and (2) performance ambiguity (b = .21, p &lt; .05) retain their signs and significance. Furthermore, the link between contract specificity and frequency of new product introductions is not significant (b = -.02, p &gt; .10). This is consistent with our earlier finding that the effect of endogeneity (if any) is limited. Theoretically, these results suggest that the specificity of the contractual terms for new products has no bearing on the manufacturer's decision to launch new products through a specific retailer.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>In Study 1, we find that the variability in contract specificity depends on the interaction between new product creativity and both frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity. Specifically, the results suggest that when frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity are higher, exchange partners craft increasingly specific contracts as new product creativity increases. We also find that the opposite is true when frequency of new product introductions is lower. Under this condition, the positive relationship between new product creativity and contract specificity not only weakens as hypothesized, but becomes negative. Notably, we do not find the same effect at lower levels of performance ambiguity. When performance ambiguity is lower, the influence of new product creativity on contract specificity becomes nonsignificant.</p><p>Although Study 1 increases our understanding of how manufacturers craft contract terms for selling creative new products, new product introductions also necessitate a retailer's ongoing support of the new product under the contract terms. To address this issue and to provide a more complete understanding of the governance of new product introductions, we conducted a repeated measures experiment that examines a retailer's relational behaviors in support of the new product over time, in response to the initial level of contract specificity and differing levels of new product success.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study 2</head><p>Procedure Study 2 is a repeated measures experiment that tests the influence of contract specificity on a retailer's relational behaviors throughout the duration of the contract, moderated by new product success. We administered an online experiment to 132 CPG retail managers from a research company's manager panel. We recruited CPG retail managers through the same market research company contracted in Study 1. To   <ref type="bibr" coords="10,63.89,631.30,3.36,5.92">5</ref> We do not include a feedback loop between contract specificity and product creativity because manufacturers first develop new products and subsequently establish agreements with interested retailers on the basis of various factors, such as product characteristics or marketing strategy <ref type="bibr" coords="10,169.79,671.66,101.60,7.89" target="#b44">(Rao and McLaughlin 1989</ref>). An exception would be when a retailer demands the development of a certain new product that is designed specifically for that retailer. This is, however, beyond the scope of our study. enhance the response rate, the company offered financial compensation to participants. Follow-up e-mails were sent to nonrespondents. In total, we received 132 completed and usable responses from a sample of 541 potential participants, a response rate of 24%. Comparing the differences of means between initial respondents with those of respondents after the follow-up e-mails on demographic variables and study constructs, we found no significant differences, suggesting that nonresponse bias was minimal.</p><p>To ensure the appropriateness of the informants, we screened them on the basis of two criteria. Specifically, they had to be knowledgeable about (1) decisions made regarding new products and (2) the written contractual terms negotiated for new products. Qualified informants had, on average, 16 years of experience in the industry and worked for retailers with median sales of $1 million. The top product categories represented in the sample included food (23%), health and beauty (12%), and apparel (6%).</p><p>We followed <ref type="bibr" coords="11,123.65,557.27,91.48,8.77">Ganesan et al.'s (2010)</ref> approach of having the manager anchor on a specific supplier before proceeding to the experiment, organizing the study into two parts. In Part A, informants were asked to think of a branded new product (1) that one of their manufacturers had most recently launched through the retailer, (2) whose performance was not yet known, and (3) for which a 12-month contract had been signed. 6 Informants were then asked to provide information about the initial contractual terms (contract specificity), new product creativity, advertising, relationship length and transaction size, and the manufacturer's percentage of business, which served as control variables.</p><p>In Part B, we randomly assigned informants to one of two experimental treatment conditions, in which new product success was manipulated between subjects as either consistently far above (successful) or far below (unsuccessful) the category average throughout the duration of the contract (we provide scenario descriptions in Appendix B). Informants in each treatment condition were then asked to imagine that the new product had been on the market for 3, 6, and then 9 months of the 12-month contract, using withinsubject design. Each informant was presented with information on the new product sales in each time period and then asked to report on the extent of his/her subsequent engagement in relational behaviors related to the new product. We did not manipulate new product success at 12 months because at that point the contract would have been terminated or renegotiated.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measurement</head><p>We operationalized contract specificity in the same way as in Study 1, using three items, each on a five-point Likert scale. We measured relational behaviors related to the product in each period and, consistent with prior literature <ref type="bibr" coords="11,502.86,310.89,54.17,8.77;11,317.93,322.34,54.31,8.77" target="#b20">(Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,374.46,322.34,93.41,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>, operationalized them as a second-order construct consisting of three first-order dimensions: solidarity, flexibility, and information exchange. We assessed solidarity, which captures the extent to which the retailer works jointly with the manufacturer for the benefit of the new product, using a three-item, five-point Likert scale. We assessed flexibility, which captures the extent to which the retailer works around the contractual terms for the benefit of the new product, using a three-item, five point Likert scale. Finally, information exchange measures the extent to which the retailer proactively provides useful information about the new product to the manufacturer. We assessed it using a twoitem, five-point Likert scale. Appendix A reports measures of the constructs, and <ref type="table" coords="11,400.31,471.27,31.97,8.77" target="#tab_5">Table 4</ref> presents correlations, internal reliability, and AVE.</p><p>Control variables. We included new product creativity, advertising, relationship length, transaction size, and the manufacturer's percent of business as control variables in the model. Creative new products take longer to take off but also have a greater potential for financial returns and profitability <ref type="bibr" coords="11,317.93,565.44,148.40,8.77" target="#b54">(Sorescu, Chandy, and Prabhu 2003)</ref>, which may motivate retailers to engage in relational behaviors related to the product. Advertising motivates retailers to provide greater support to heavily advertised products. Relationship length influences relational behaviors, as the longer the exchange partners conduct business with each other, the more likely they are to be committed and accept short-term disadvantages <ref type="bibr" coords="11,317.93,645.61,95.34,8.77" target="#b34">(Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>. Transaction size increases retailers' hazards <ref type="bibr" coords="11,351.95,657.06,52.02,8.77" target="#b18">(Heide 1994)</ref>, which motivates them to engage in relational behaviors. 7 Last, the manufacturer's percent of  <ref type="bibr" coords="11,63.89,691.11,3.36,5.92">6</ref> We selected a 12-month contract duration because Study 1 revealed that it is the most common contractual length. business captures the percent of category business that goes to the manufacturer, and reflects the importance of the manufacturer's products to the retailer, capturing a retailer's dependence on the manufacturer.</p><p>Manipulation checks. We included manipulation checks for new product success (see Appendix A). Significant mean differences in the appropriate directions were observed for the three-month manipulation (3.47 vs. 3.75; t = -2.17, p &lt; .05), the 6-month manipulation (3.39 vs. 3.92; t = -3.80, p &lt; .01), and the nine-month manipulation (3.18 vs. 4.01; t = -5.32, p &lt; .01), providing evidence that the manipulation was effective.</p><p>Measurement model. We evaluated the psychometric properties of the latent constructs by conducting a CFA, using the maximum likelihood estimation method. Appendix A presents the item loadings, and <ref type="table" coords="12,183.02,217.74,30.51,8.77" target="#tab_5">Table 4</ref> reports Cronbach's alphas. The CFA results demonstrate satisfactory model fit that is within the range of acceptability according to prior literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="12,117.70,252.10,104.18,8.77" target="#b8">Corsten and Kumar 2005)</ref>: c 2 goodness-offit index of 278.71, with 144 degrees of freedom; CFI of .91; RMSEA of .09; and SRMR of .07. All factor loadings are large (range: .59 to .99) and significant (t &gt; 2.00), in support of convergent validity. Cronbach's alphas of .88 or above demonstrate good reliability. Discriminant validity is also confirmed because the AVE exceeds the square of correlations among all constructs <ref type="bibr" coords="12,139.58,332.32,105.46,8.77" target="#b12">(Fornell and Larcker 1981)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Analysis and Model Development</head><p>We used two-level hierarchical linear modeling (HLM) to test the influence of contract specificity, new product success, and their interaction on a retailer's relational behaviors related to the product over the contractual period. Compared with traditional methods, HLM provides two advantages. First, it accounts for the lack of independence across observations <ref type="bibr" coords="12,227.56,425.92,66.57,8.77;12,54.94,437.42,44.15,8.77" target="#b45">(Raudenbush and Bryk 2002)</ref> that arise with repeated measures designs. Second, HLM accommodates individual heterogeneity that can be explained by inclusion of explanatory variables at higher levels.</p><p>To test the hypothesized effects, we employed a modelbuilding approach that balances theory with model parsimony, an approach applied in prior literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="12,54.94,506.14,69.70,8.77" target="#b40">Palmatier 2008)</ref>. As such, we estimated three nested models. The independent variables for each of these models were mean-centered, and collinearity statistics revealed no major multicollinearity issues among independent variables (all VIF values are below 2.5 and tolerance values above .40). Model 1 estimates the main effects of time, contract specificity, new product success, and control variables. In Model 2, we add the interaction terms. To adequately reflect the spacing of repeated measures, the values of Time it were defined as 0 (for observations made at three months), 1, and 2 (for observations made at six and nine months, respectively). Equation 2 shows the Level 1 equation for Model 2. Equations 3-4 show Level 2 equations for the intercept (a i0 ) and slope (a i1 ). On the basis of these equations, we specify an "intercepts and slopes as outcomes" model that explains the initial level of relational behaviors as well as their growth over time.</p><p>Relational Behaviors it = a i0 + a i1 Time it + e it :</p><p>(2) a i0 = b 00 + b 01 Contract specificity i + b 02 New product success i + b 03 Contract specificity i  New product success i + b controls Control variables i + m i0 :</p><p>(3) a i1 = b 10 + b 11 Contract specificity i + b 12 New product success i + b 13 Contract specificity i  New product success i + m i1 :</p><p>Equation <ref type="formula" coords="12,372.92,189.28,4.98,8.77" target="#formula_0">4</ref> does not include control variables. We did not include the interaction terms between control variables and time because they are not theoretically expected to affect the growth curve, and their addition did not result in an improved model fit (p &gt; .10). The selection of a more parsimonious model was therefore preferred. Finally, Equations 3 and 4 can be substituted into Equation 2 to generate a baseline aggregated model, which is specified as follows:</p><p>Relational Behaviors it = b 00 + b 01 Contract specificity i + b 02 New product success i + b 03 Contract specificity i  New product success i + b 10 Time it + b 11 Contract specificity i  Time it + b 12 New product success i  Time it + b 13 Contract specificity i  New product success i  Time it + b controls Control variables i + u it ;</p><p>where u it represents random error. To examine more nuanced effects in relational behaviors during the contractual period (i.e., earlier vs. later in the duration of the contract), we also fitted a third model (Model 3) using piecewise splines <ref type="bibr" coords="12,532.63,494.63,24.43,8.77;12,317.93,506.08,45.65,8.77" target="#b6">(Chou et al. 2004)</ref>. Growth curve analysis with piecewise splines enables us to incorporate multiple stages into our model. This is important because the retailer's evolving engagement in relational behaviors may differ earlier in the contractual period, when the product is becoming established, versus later, when the contract is about to expire. Using the piecewise approach, we estimated the initial level of relational behaviors (a i0 ) and two growth parameters, one for each stage. In our analysis, the first parameter (a i1 ) represents the growth profile early in the contractual period (three and six months). The second parameter (a i2 ) represents the growth profile later in the contractual period (six and nine months). To adequately reflect the spacing of repeated measures, the values of Time it for the first stage (a i1 ) were defined as 0 (for observations made at three months) and 1 (for observations made at six and nine months), and values for the second stage (a i2 ) were defined as 0 (for observations made at three and six months) and 1 (for observations made at nine months). <ref type="table" coords="13,69.90,233.90,31.17,8.77" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref> reports the maximum likelihood estimates and goodness-of-fit statistics for each model. An HLM test does not produce an R-square. However, it yields a deviance (-2 log-likelihood criterion), which can be used to evaluate alternative models <ref type="bibr" coords="13,130.74,279.76,116.92,8.77" target="#b45">(Raudenbush and Bryk 2002)</ref>. The deviance for each model is compared with a c 2 distribution, where degrees of freedom represent the difference in the number of parameters between two models <ref type="bibr" coords="13,181.25,314.12,112.88,8.77;13,54.94,325.57,21.05,8.77" target="#b0">(Ang, Slaughter, and Yee Ng 2002)</ref>. As <ref type="table" coords="13,99.44,325.57,31.23,8.77" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref> reveals, adding the interaction terms to Model 1 improves fit (Ddeviance (4) = 23.86, p &lt; .01). Model 3, in which piecewise splines are added, further improves the model fit relative to Model 2 (Ddeviance (7) = 18.72, p &lt; .01).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Model 2 reveals that both contract specificity (b 01 = .23, p &lt; .01) and new product success (b 02 = .18, p &lt; .05) are positively related to a retailer's relational behaviors related to the product. The interaction between new product success and contract specificity is not significant (b 03 = .001, p &gt; .10). We find a significant negative interaction between time and contract specificity (b 11 = -.10, p &lt; .01) and a significant positive interaction between time and new product success (b 12 = .24, p &lt; .01). The three-way interaction among contract specificity, new product success, and time is also significant (b 13 = .13, p &lt; .05). Although this result lends support to a three-way interaction proposed in H 3 , to test this hypothesis, we performed a simple slopes analysis to more closely investigate change over time across different levels of new product success and contract specificity. To do this, we used the <ref type="bibr" coords="13,104.16,563.45,136.68,8.77" target="#b42">Preacher, Curran, and Bauer (2006)</ref> procedure. <ref type="figure" coords="13,69.90,574.90,32.02,8.77">Figure 3</ref> shows the plot of the three-way interaction among contract specificity, new product success, and time. Panel A shows the influence of new product success on relational behaviors over time when contract specificity is higher. The results show that retailers increase their relational behaviors over the contract's duration when the new product is successful (b = .13, p &lt; .05) but decrease their relational behaviors when the new product is unsuccessful (b = -.28, p &lt; .01). This result supports H 3a . Panel B shows the influence of new product success on relational behaviors over time when contract specificity is lower. The results show that retailers' relational behaviors do not change over time when the new product is successful (b = .002, p &gt; .10) or when it is unsuccessful (b = .12, p &gt; .10). This result supports H 3b .</p><p>Model 3 examines the changes in a retailer's behaviors over time using two stages. The results for Stage 1 show the influence of contract specificity, new product success, and their interaction on relational behaviors earlier in the contract (three and six months). The results reveal a significant negative interaction between time and contract specificity (b 11 = -.11, p &lt; .05) and a positive interaction between time and new product success (b 12 = .21, p &lt; .01). The three-way interaction of contract specificity, new product success, and time, however, is not significant at Stage 1 (b 13 = .12, p &gt; .05). The results for Stage 2 demonstrate changes in relational behaviors later in the contract (six and nine months). It is important to note that whereas the interaction between time and new product success remains significant (b 22 = .28, p &lt; .01), the interaction of time with contract specificity becomes nonsignificant (b 21 = -.09, p &gt; .05). In contrast, the interaction among contract specificity, new product success, and time becomes significant at Stage 2 (b 23 = .14, p &lt; .05).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Study 2 extends our prior findings by examining a retailer's relational behaviors related to the new product during the duration of the initial contract. Overall, we find support for our hypotheses that contract specificity and new product success jointly influence a retailer's relational behaviors. For example, we find that when contract specificity is higher and the new product is successful, retailers increase their relational behaviors over the contractual period. Conversely, when contracts are specific but the new product is unsuccessful, retailers decrease their relational behaviors over time. We also find that when contract terms are less specific, retailers' motivation to engage in relational behaviors over time is suppressed regardless of the new product's level of success. This suggests that although the retailer may be inclined to engage in behaviors to partake in the new product's success <ref type="bibr" coords="13,391.62,655.07,117.15,8.77" target="#b9">(Dahlquist and Griffith 2014)</ref>, the lack of contract specificity fails to safeguard the retailer from manufacturer opportunism.</p><p>The test of Model 3 presents particularly notable findings. The results reveal that the positive influence of contract New Product Creativity / 51 specificity on retailers' relational behaviors weakens over time and becomes nonsignificant toward the end of the contract. This suggests, consistent with some prior research (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,267.37,358.45,26.80,8.77;14,54.94,369.90,22.20,8.77" target="#b29">Larson 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,80.40,369.90,97.01,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref>, that contracts play a critical role in ensuring that earlier, more vulnerable stages of exchange are protected. The results also reveal that earlier in the contract period, contract specificity does not interact with new product success in influencing changes in a retailer's relational behaviors but that this interaction becomes important later in the contract period. This result may suggest that retailers initially rely more on contractual terms in determining their level of engagement in relational behaviors, but over time, as the new product's success is observed, the contract is supplemented with the observation of the new product's market success. Both the contract terms and new product success then determine retailers' engagement in relational behaviors over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>General Discussion</head><p>This research was motivated by two key questions: <ref type="formula" coords="14,256.04,551.94,11.10,8.77">(1)</ref> Under what conditions do manufacturers craft specific contract terms for new products to align expectations and identify shared rules and responsibilities, and under what conditions do they leave contractual terms open to permit greater adaptation and valueenhancing adjustments? (2) How might a retailer's engagement in relational behaviors change for a new product during the contract, according to the initial level of contract specificity and differing levels of new product success? To investigate these questions, we drew on the extant research in coordination of interorganizational relationships through contracting (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,54.94,677.97,91.77,8.77" target="#b3">Buvik and John 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,149.75,677.97,98.45,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,251.23,677.97,42.82,8.77;14,54.94,689.48,55.20,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,113.96,689.48,98.57,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,216.42,689.48,77.64,8.77;14,54.94,700.93,23.96,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref> and relational behaviors (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,207.26,700.93,86.80,8.77;14,317.93,335.55,23.48,8.77" target="#b20">Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,344.50,335.55,99.12,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996)</ref>. The findings offer important insights into these questions and provide substantive implications for marketing academics and practitioners.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Theoretical Contributions</head><p>This work makes several important theoretical contributions to the literature. First, we extend research on new product creativity (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,418.45,414.47,138.60,8.77;14,317.93,425.92,23.49,8.77">Ganesan, Malter, and Rindfleisch 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,345.76,425.92,68.05,8.77" target="#b38">Moorman 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,418.16,425.92,138.90,8.77">Rindfleisch and Moorman 2001)</ref> by studying the governance of creative new product introductions. Extending the coordination and contracting literatures (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,339.24,460.33,84.24,8.77" target="#b3">Buvik and John 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,425.71,460.33,89.58,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,517.53,460.33,39.56,8.77;14,317.93,471.78,50.52,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,370.92,471.78,88.10,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010)</ref>, we study the factors that influence the governance trade-off between the need to adapt for the benefit of the new product, which favors lower contract specificity, and the need to safeguard the new product against retailer opportunism, which favors higher contract specificity. The findings of this work provide insights into this trade-off through the consideration of how new product creativity interacts with both frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity, two important situation-specific conditions with the retailer. The results suggest that both frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity alter the balance between adaptation and safeguarding, causing firms to negotiate contract terms of varying levels of specificity with increasing new product creativity. As such, we not only provide insights into an issue that exists in contracting that prior literature has not addressed, but also theoretically argue for, and empirically support, the situation-specific factors that determine a manufacturer's governance of creative new product introductions. Second, we extend the literature streams on contractual and relational governance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="14,424.51,689.48,93.00,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,519.64,689.48,37.41,8.77;14,317.93,700.94,50.37,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="14,370.82,700.94,96.98,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref> by answering the calls of <ref type="bibr" coords="15,67.52,586.24,106.04,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger (2002)</ref> that scholars need to further explore aspects of contractual and relational governance as complementary and advance the understanding of coordination <ref type="bibr" coords="15,73.59,620.66,92.72,8.77" target="#b3">(Buvik and John 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,169.91,620.66,95.79,8.77" target="#b5">Celly and Frazier 1996)</ref> within arms-length relationships. Specifically, our findings shed light on the relationship between contractual and relational governance by detailing the influence of contract specificity on relational behaviors over time (aspects not taken into account by <ref type="bibr" coords="15,69.85,677.92,42.91,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,117.81,677.92,113.61,8.77">Brown 1996 or Poppo and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,236.47,677.92,53.48,8.77" target="#b41">Zenger 2002)</ref>. Furthermore, by departing from prior research that has predominantly studied how relational behaviors influence performance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="15,387.49,36.38,134.64,8.77" target="#b2">Bercovitz, Jap, and Nickerson 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,523.86,36.38,33.20,8.77;15,317.93,47.83,67.34,8.77" target="#b20">Hoppner and Griffith 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,387.17,47.83,90.38,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,479.45,47.83,77.63,8.77;15,317.93,59.29,20.35,8.77" target="#b49">Sande and Haugland 2015)</ref>, this work extends the literature by examining the moderating role of new product success on the relationship between contract specificity and relational behaviors. As such, we provide a more robust perspective of ongoing manufacturerretailer relationships. For example, this work could be argued to extend the work of <ref type="bibr" coords="15,396.56,116.60,109.36,8.77" target="#b20">Hoppner and Griffith (2011)</ref>, in that it is suggestive of a retailer's reciprocity (through relational behaviors related to the product) that may be contingent on the new product's ability to contribute to the retailer's performance. Furthermore, the work provides new theoretical insights by examining how retailers' relational behaviors may change over time. Because relational behaviors engaged in by retailers are not only discretionary but also costly <ref type="bibr" coords="15,456.49,196.82,51.68,8.77" target="#b29">(Larson 1992)</ref>, retailers are reluctant to incur such costs over time unless they can realize increased benefits as a result. In support of this argument, our findings suggest that a retailer's engagement in relational behaviors is motivated by an expectation of greater economic rents created by the new product success but safeguarded by a specific contract. Indeed, under conditions of higher contract specificity, we found that retailers engaged in an increasing (decreasing) level of relational behaviors throughout the duration of the contract when the new product was successful (unsuccessful). This finding extends the arguments of <ref type="bibr" coords="15,327.91,322.85,112.16,8.77" target="#b9">Dahlquist and Griffith (2014)</ref> that exchange partners engage in strategies to share in the success of their upstream supplier's product sales to downstream customers and suggests that reciprocity <ref type="bibr" coords="15,362.66,357.21,107.84,8.77" target="#b20">(Hoppner and Griffith 2011</ref>) may be at play.</p><p>Potentially more of note, we found that when contract specificity was lower, a retailer's relational behaviors over time did not change regardless of whether the new product was successful or unsuccessful. This suggests that in striving to maximize their profits while minimizing their costs, retailers refrain from engaging in relational behaviors over time (regardless of the new product's success) because they cannot easily secure additional benefits when contract terms are open. This finding extends the extant literature (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="15,496.41,460.33,60.73,8.77;15,317.93,471.79,21.89,8.77" target="#b3">Buvik and John 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,341.33,471.79,86.32,8.77">Gulati and Singh 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,429.16,471.79,90.05,8.77" target="#b34">Lusch and Brown 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,520.71,471.79,36.38,8.77;15,317.93,483.24,50.63,8.77" target="#b37">Mooi and Ghosh 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,372.05,483.24,98.50,8.77" target="#b41">Poppo and Zenger 2002)</ref> by providing a better understanding of how retailers behave under contractual terms. Specifically, our findings indicate that retailers will scale back investments that are not easily measurable (e.g., relational behaviors) when contracts are less specific, laying a foundation for further research that could examine contract (mis)alignment (cf., <ref type="bibr" coords="15,335.41,551.94,86.78,8.77" target="#b14">Ghosh and John 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="15,424.72,551.94,104.48,8.77" target="#b49">Sande and Haugland 2015)</ref> and its influence on relational governance over time.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Managerial Implications</head><p>This research has important implications for manufacturers in the management of new product introductions. First, managers understand that not all new product introductions are the same and that each introduction requires different resources and support. However, how this fact influences the way new products are managed has received limited attention. We address this gap and find that the level of specificity of the contractual terms for new products should be considered within the context of the type of the new product launched (i.e., new product creativity) and the situation-specific factors of frequency of new product introductions and performance ambiguity. This is not suggesting differences in contract terms across retailers, such as price, which could run afoul of the Robinson-Patman Act, but rather differences in relation to the level of specificity of the contract terms (e.g., level of specification of product support, implementation procedures, or legal aspects). Specifically, we recommend that managers work to craft more specific contract terms as new product creativity increases when the firm maintains a higher frequency of new product introductions in a context with higher performance ambiguity. In contrast, we recommend that managers decrease their level of contract specificity for creative new products only when performance ambiguity and frequency of new product introductions are lower.</p><p>Second, managers should be aware that the specificity of the initial contractual terms has a significant influence on a retailer's relational behaviors throughout the duration of the contract. This is an important consideration because new products often necessitate a retailer's support during the initial stages of their introduction. Our findings suggest that managers should expect minimal retail support outside the terms of the contract when contract specificity is low. Thus, by building in flexibility (so as to protect against adaptation costs), the manufacturer may actually be diminishing retailers' motivation to support the new product after it is launched. This becomes a major challenge because by crafting the contract terms to avoid adaptation costs, the manufacturer may actually be embedding such costs into future contract negotiations if retailers look toward contract renegotiation upon renewal, as opposed to providing support to a new product under the initial contractual terms.</p><p>Conversely, when contract specificity is higher, manufacturers can expect retailers to be more responsive to new product success. Specifically, when a new product is successful, retailers will increasingly engage in relational behaviors over the duration of the contract. Here, we suggest that manufacturers recognize retailers' behaviors and engage in reciprocal actions (either with other new product introductions or upon contract renewal). Recognizing and rewarding a retailer's support that is outside the contract is critical for the creation of a long-term collaborative relationship. With that said, when a new product is unsuccessful (i.e., sales are below the category average), manufacturers should not expect retailers to provide assistance outside the contract. This suggests that manufacturers who desire to maintain their products on the market for a longer period must have in place their own contingency plan of support for the product to offset the reduction in retailer support, to increase the new product's potential for success in the future.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Limitations and Further Research</head><p>Although this study presents many new insights, it is not without limitations. First, although we tested for endogeneity, the possibility for a selection bias remains. This is because certain characteristics of the relationship between the manufacturer and retailer (such as potential opportunism) may have caused the informants to withhold information regarding their contractual terms. Unfortunately, the nature of the data prevents us from running a Heckman selection <ref type="bibr" coords="16,252.06,689.38,41.93,8.77;16,54.93,700.94,23.62,8.77" target="#b17">(Heckman 1979)</ref> model to fully rule out potential selection bias. Second, we focused our efforts on understanding contracts and relational behaviors for the introduction of a single new product in order to assess the trade-offs between adaptation and safeguarding. Because ours is a reduced form model, future studies could examine governance of new product introductions by explicitly incorporating demand uncertainty, volatility, opportunism, and flexibility directly into the model. For example, opportunism may vary with the extent to which retailers assist in contributing to the differentiation of the manufacturer's product. Incorporating these constructs formally into the model would more accurately account for differences across various consumer products. Furthermore, as new products are launched in the context of past product introductions, competitive offerings, and expectations of future exchanges, a broader perspective could be examined to assess how prior and existing product offerings influence a retailer's engagement with the manufacturer's new products (e.g., the success of the most recently introduced new product could have a carryover effect).</p><p>Third, although the focus of this work is on exploring the relationships between contractual and relational governance in the context of creative new products, we believe that this work could provide a foundation for the study of the discriminating alignment hypothesis within Governance Value Analysis <ref type="bibr" coords="16,317.94,311.40,85.46,8.77" target="#b14">(Ghosh and John 1999)</ref>. Researchers may wish to expand on this work and study whether the contract terms for creative new products are aligned with firmand situation-specific factors for the determination of new product success. We would encourage researchers to build off of the recent discriminating alignment findings by <ref type="bibr" coords="16,365.55,368.66,110.46,8.77" target="#b49">Sande and Haugland (2015)</ref> to better understand how (mis)alignment of contract terms influences new product success in this context.</p><p>Fourth, although we collected data from both manufacturers and retailers, the data were not matched. The possibility exists that the way governance is viewed by each partner is unique, because each partner may have different goals. Because contracts reflect the mutual agreement of both parties, understanding these differences can be valuable. One approach to furthering this research would be through the development of simulated negotiations between manufacturers and retailers, or detailed documentation of contract negotiations. Furthermore, we operationalize contract specificity abstractly and therefore do not capture the specific contractual terms. For example, the level of specificity may vary for price, profit-sharing conditions, payment terms, shelf-space allocation, advertising support, and so forth. Inclusion of more specific contractual measures would enhance understanding of setting up and managing contracts in greater detail.</p><p>Fifth, the CPG context in which this study was conducted brings forth a number of complications. For example, one could argue that there exist fewer opportunities for creative new products to be truly innovative and change marketing thinking and practice than in other product categories. Furthermore, the variations in contracts for these consumer goods, ranging from simple merchant contacts wherein a great deal of action is needed by the retailer to those in which retailers can simply rent space to the manufacturer (e.g., vendor-managed inventory arrangements) could limit the generalizability of our findings, suggestive of the need for greater work in the area. In this new product's category, the number of new SKUs created yearly by your company for this retailer is roughly .</p><p>.60 the total number of new products launched yearly by your company through this retailer is approximately .</p><p>.95 the average number of new products launched annually by your company through this retailer is approximately .</p><p>.99</p><p>Performance Ambiguity: Study 1</p><p>With this retailer, it is easy to monitor the retail performance of new products closely/it is not possible to monitor the retail performance of new products closely.</p><p>.88</p><p>it is easy to assess the retail performance of new products/it is not easy to assess the retail performance of new products.</p><p>.99</p><p>it is easy to obtain accurate new product performance evaluations/it is difficult to obtain accurate new product performance evaluation.</p><p>.85</p><p>Environmental Uncertainty: Study 1</p><p>Which term better describes your expectations about the market for this new product at the time of the launch? Certain that selling efforts would pay off/Uncertain whether selling efforts would pay off.</p><p>.86 Sales forecasts likely to be accurate/Sales forecasts likely to be inaccurate.</p><p>.68 Confident of results of marketing actions/Unsure of the results of marketing actions.</p><p>.75</p><p>Contract Specificity: Study 1/Study 2 At launch, the terms of trade for this new product were clearly contractually specified. .84/.91 At launch, the purchasing agreement as a whole was very specific.</p><p>.89/.90 At launch, the contractual terms for this new product were very detailed and specific.</p><p>.86/.87</p><p>Advertising: Study 1/Study 2 The total dollars spent advertising for this new product was higher than those spent on other, similar new products.</p><p>.98/.94</p><p>This new product received greater advertising support (in USD) than other similar new products. .88/.88</p><p>Transaction Size: Study 1/Study 2 The approximate initial monthly purchase amount (in USD) for the new product N.A.</p><p>Relationship Length: Study 1/Study 2 N.A The number of years that your organization has been in business with this retailer/supplier Contract Duration: Study 1/Study 2 N.A The approximate duration of this signed agreement (months)</p><p>Retailer's Dependence on the Manufacturer: Study 1</p><p>It would be easy for this retailer to replace the sales generated from your products with sales from other manufacturers.</p><p>.85</p><p>Other manufacturers could supply this retailer with comparable products. .82 The cost of switching to another manufacturer would be manageable for the retailer.</p><p>.67</p><p>Manufacturer's Dependence on the Retailer: Study 1 You could easily replace the sales generated by this retailer with sales from other retailers. .63 You would incur minimal costs in replacing this retailer.</p><p>.99</p><p>Manufacturer's % Business: Study 2</p><p>The % of specified category business that is sourced by this supplier N.A.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>New Product Creativity / 55</head><p>Appendix B: Study 2 Scenario Description</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Manipulation at Three Months</head><p>Now imagine the new product that you selected has been on the market for 3 months of the 12-month contract, and during this time, the new product consistently generated sales far above (below) the category average. Assume that you have a complete authority over the decision making. How would you treat this product over the next three months?</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Manipulation at Six and Nine Months</head><p>Imagine that another three months have passed. The new product has now been on the market for 6 (9) months of the 12-month contract, and continues to generate sales far above (below) its category average. Given this information, how would you treat this product over the next three months (again assume that you have complete control over the decision making)?</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>APPENDIX A Continued</head><p>Constructs (Scale Sources): Items Item Loadings</p><p>Relational Behaviors: Study 2</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Solidarity</head><p>You would try to help this supplier to manage this new product. .74 You would be committed to improvements and changes for the benefit of this new product.</p><p>.79 You would treat this new product as a joint responsibility rather than an individual responsibility.</p><p>.74</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Flexibility</head><p>You would rather work with this supplier for the benefit of this new product than hold them to the initial contractual terms.</p><p>.59</p><p>To benefit this new product, you would work around the contractual terms.</p><p>.78 You would be flexible in response to requests to work around the contract to support this new product.</p><p>.84</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Information Exchange</head><p>You would keep this supplier informed about events and changes that may affect this new product.</p><p>.81 You would provide this supplier with information relevant to this new product more frequently and informally and not only according to prespecified agreement.</p><p>.74</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Relational Behaviors</head><p>Solidarity .99 Flexibility .77 Information exchange .92</p><p>Manipulation Check: Study 2 N.A.</p><p>In the fictitious scenarios given to you about the future performance of the new product, (a) in the first three months since launch, (b) during the three to six months since launch, (c) during the six to nine months since launch, the success of this new product was . a the performance of this new product was . a</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Instrumental Variables</head><p>Differentiation in the Product Category N.A. Product differentiation in this new product's category is. b</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Number of Products in Informant's Portfolio</head><p>N.A. How many different products are you responsible for? c</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Category Concentration</head><p>N.A. Category concentration in this new product's category is . b a Rated on a five-point scale, from "far below" to "far above" category average. b Rated on a five-point scale, low-high. c Open-ended response. Notes: Standardized loadings are reported as Study 1/Study 2 when applicable. N.A. = not applicable. 56 / Journal of Marketing, March 2016</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="10,151.43,36.39,46.15,9.32;10,57.03,47.84,234.91,9.32;10,148.25,59.29,52.44,9.32"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>FIGURE 2 Graphical Interpretation of the Moderation Effects for Study 1</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="7,54.94,487.15,502.10,222.37"><head>TABLE 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Correlations and Summary Statistics for Study 1 Contract duration .18* -.12 -.19* -.29** -.23** -.19* -.00 .02 N.A. 10. Retailer's dependence on the manufacturer .24** -.21* -.07 -.01 Cronbach's alphas are on the diagonal. N.A. = not applicable.</figDesc><table coords="7,54.94,516.78,502.10,192.50">Construct 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
1 0 
1 1 

1. New product creativity 
.89 
2. Frequency of new product introductions (ln) .07 
.82 
3. Performance ambiguity 
-.23** .01 
.93 
4. Contract specificity 
.22** .22** -.32** .90 
5. Environmental uncertainty 
-.14 -.07 
.25** -.16* 
.80 
6. Advertising 
.15* 
.08 -.03 
.25** .01 
.93 
7. Transaction size (ln) 
.18* 
.06 -.11 
.14 
.01 
.03 
N.A. 
8. Relationship length (ln) 
.08 
.21** -.10 
.10 -.06 
.15* 
.18* N.A. 
9. .06 
.02 
.00 -.17* 
.01 .82 
11. Manufacturer's dependence on the retailer -.04 
.17* -.11 -.01 -.04 -.04 
.21* .07 
-.06 .01 .77 
Mean 
3.94 2.36 2.01 3.81 2.52 2.87 10.68 2.37 12.39 2.86 3.35 
Standard deviation 
.66 1.4 
.95 
.79 
.80 1.04 
3.02 1.04 10.57 .93 .96 
Average variance extracted 
.53 
.74 
.83 
.74 
.58 
.87 
N.A. N.A. N.A. 
.61 .69 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 
Notes: </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="9,54.93,422.41,502.08,287.11"><head>TABLE 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Results for Study 1: Antecedents of Contract Specificity</figDesc><table coords="9,54.93,451.98,502.08,257.54">Model 1 
Model 2 

Independent Variable 

Unstandardized 
Coefficient 

Standardized 
Coefficient 
t-Value 

Unstandardized 
Coefficient 

Standardized 
Coefficient 
t-Value 

New product creativity 
.02 
.02 
.24 
.05 
.04 
.49 
Frequency of new product 
introductions 

.14 
.25 
3.17** 
.12 
.21 
2.65** 

Performance ambiguity 
-.19 
-.24 
-2.94** 
-.22 
-.27 
-3.40** 
New product creativity  
Frequency of new product 
introductions 

.13 
.17 
2.28* 

New product creativity  
Performance ambiguity 

.16 
.13 
1.76* 

Environmental uncertainty 
-.02 
-.02 
-.25 
.01 
.01 
.11 
Advertising 
.21 
.28 
3.61** 
.21 
.28 
3.59** 
Transaction size 
.03 
.11 
1.37 
.03 
.10 
1.27 
Relationship length 
-.03 
-.04 
-.49 
-.05 
-.06 
-.79 
Contract duration 
.02 
.32 
4.00** 
.02 
.32 
4.06** 
Retailer's dependence on 
the manufacturer 

.01 
.01 
.15 
-.01 
-.01 
-.10 

Manufacturer's dependence 
on the retailer 

-.05 
-.06 
-.77 
-.05 
-.07 
-.85 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 
Notes: Dependent variable is contract specificity. Adjusted R 2 for Model 2 = .30; R 2 change between Model 1 and Model 2 = .044 (p &lt; .05). 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="10,60.32,47.84,231.62,396.21"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>The Effect of the Frequency of New Product Introductions on Contract Specificity</figDesc><table coords="10,60.32,47.84,231.62,396.21">Effects 
for Study 1 

dContract Specificity 
dNew Product Creativity 
= .05 + .13(Frequency of New Product Introductions) 

-.5 

.0 

.5 

0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 

Frequency of New 
Product Introductions 

dContract Specificity 

dNew Product Creativity 

A: dContract Specificity 
dNew Product Creativity 
= .05 + .16(Performance Ambiguity) 

-.5 

.0 

.5 

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 

dContract Specificity 
dNew Product Creativity 

Performance 
Ambiguity 

B: The Effect of Performance Ambiguity 
on Contract Specificity 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="11,54.93,36.39,239.12,291.08"><head>TABLE 3 Statistical</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Significance of Interactions for Study 1</figDesc><table coords="11,54.93,65.73,239.12,261.74">A: New Product Creativity (X)  Contract Specificity (Y) 
Relationship Moderated by Frequency of New Product 
Introductions (Z) 

Z Level (ln) a X Coefficient b 

SE of X 
Coefficient 

t-Value of 
X Coefficient 

6.31 
.57 
.24 
2.42 
5 
.40 
.17 
2.30 
4 
.27 
.13 
2.03 
2.36 
.05 
.09 
.49 
0 
-.26 
.16 
-1.66 

B: New Product Creativity (X)  Contract Specificity (Y) 
Relationship Moderated by Performance Ambiguity (Z) 

Z Level (ln) c X Coefficient d 

SE of X 
Coefficient 

t-Value of 
X Coefficient 

5 
.53 
.23 
2.35 
4 
.37 
.17 
2.16 
3 
.20 
.12 
1.69 
2.01 
.05 
.09 
.49 
1 
-.12 
.11 
-1.10 

a Mean = 2.36. 
b Given by (.05 + .13Z)X, with Z mean-centered. 
c Mean = 2.01. 
d Given by (.05 + .16Z)X, with Z mean-centered. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="13,54.94,36.39,502.12,182.51"><head>TABLE 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="13,54.94,47.84,502.12,171.06">Correlations and Summary Statistics for Study 2 

Construct 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 

1. Contract specificity 
.92 
2. Relational behaviors 
.44** 
.89 
3. New product creativity 
.24** 
.44** 
.88 
4. Advertising 
.37** 
.30** 
.31** 
.91 
5. Relationship length (ln) 
.05 
.02 
.13 
.14 
N.A. 
6. Transaction size (ln) 
.09 
.09 
-.05 
-.07 
.21* 
N.A. 
7. Manufacturer's % business 
.03 
.15* 
.18 
.01 
-.03 
.02 
N.A. 
Mean 
3.76 
3.63 
3.48 
3.10 
2.22 
9.80 
35 
Standard deviation 
.94 
.68 
.80 
.98 
1.04 
3.56 
31.26 
Average variance extracted 
.80 
.80 
.56 
.83 
N.A. 
N.A. 
N.A. 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 
Notes: Cronbach's alphas are on the diagonal. N.A. = not applicable. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="14,54.94,36.39,502.08,284.11"><head>TABLE 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="14,54.94,47.84,502.08,272.65">Results for Study 2: HLM Estimation of Relational Behaviors 

Independent Variable 

Model 1 
Coefficient (SE) 

Model 2 
Coefficient (SE) 

Model 3 
Coefficient (SE) 

Initial Status 
Intercept 
3.53** (.07) 
3.57** (.07) 
3.54** (.07) 
Contract specificity 
.22** (.06) 
.23** (.08) 
.23** (.08) 
New product success 
.27** (.09) 
.18* (.10) 
.19** (.10) 
Contract specificity  New product success 
.001 (.10) 
.006 (.10) 
Advertising 
.07 (.05) 
.07 (.05) 
.06 (.05) 
New product creativity 
.28** (.06) 
.28** (.07) 
.29** (.06) 
Relationship length 
-.04 (.05) 
-.04 (.05) 
-.04 (.04) 
Transaction size 
.02* (.01) 
.02* (.01) 
.03* (.01) 
Manufacturer's % business 
.001 (.002) 
.002 (.002) 
.002 (.002) 

Growth Rate 
Time 
-.04 (.03) 
-.16** (.04) 
Stage 1: -.05 (.05) Stage 2: -.27** (.05) 
Contract specificity  Time 
-.10** (.04) 
Stage 1: -.11* (.06) Stage 2: -.09 (.06) 
New product success  Time 
.24** (.06) 
Stage 1: .21** (.07) Stage 2: .28** (.07) 
Contract specificity  New product 
success  Time 

.13* (.06) 
Stage 1: .12 (.08) Stage 2: .14* (.08) 

Deviance (-2 log-likelihood) 
523.96 
500.10 
481.38 

Degrees of freedom 
13 
17 
24 

*p &lt; .05. 
**p &lt; .01. 
Notes: SE = standard error of the estimate. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="15,54.94,36.39,239.08,520.71"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>FIGURE 3Graphical Interpretation of the Impact of New Product Success on Relational Behaviors over Time Under Varying Contract SpecificityA: Higher Contract SpecificityB: Lower Contract SpecificityHigh product success  = .002 t = .02, n.s.  = .12, t = .92, n.sProduct-Related Relational Behaviors</figDesc><table coords="15,56.16,131.08,237.77,426.02">Product-Related Relational Behaviors 

3.15 

3.10 

3.05 

3.00 

2.95 

2.90 

3 Months 
6 Months 
9 Months 

Low product success 

4.2 

4.0 

3.8 

3.6 

3.4 

3.2 

3 Months 

Low product success 

High product success 

6 Months 
9 Months 

 = .13, 
t = 1.97, p &lt; .05 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" coords="17,54.94,36.39,502.13,155.54"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>APPENDIX A Construct Measures Constructs (Scale Sources): Items Item Loadings New Product Creativity: Studies 1 and 2 Relative to other products in the same category, how would you describe this new product? Very ordinary for its category/Very novel for its category .78/.59 Not creative/Creative .81/.74 Uninteresting/Interesting .75/.66 Not at all innovative/Very Innovative .70/.82 Not challenging to existing ideas in its category/Challenging to existing ideas in its category .69/.79 Not offering new ideas to its category/Offering new ideas to its category .77/.85 Not capable of generating ideas for other products/Capable of generating ideas for other products .59/N.A. of New Product Introductions: Study 1</figDesc><table coords="17,54.94,183.54,44.91,8.38">Frequency </table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="40">/ Journal of Marketing, March 2016</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">H 3 : (a) When contract specificity is higher, a retailer's engagement in product-related relational behaviors over time increases (decreases) when the new product is successful (unsuccessful), whereas (b) when contract specificity is lower, a retailer's engagement in productrelated relational behaviors remains unchanged over time, regardless of whether the new product is successful or unsuccessful.MethodologyWe tested our hypotheses in a multimethod research design. Study 1 examined the antecedents of contract specificity (H 1 -H 2 ) by using a survey of consumer packaged goods (CPGs) manufacturers. Study 2 examined a retailer's relational behaviors related to the product throughout the duration of a contract on the basis of contract specificity and new product success (H 3 ), using a repeated measure experiment of retail managers in the CPG industry.44 / Journal of Marketing, March 2016</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="3">To reduce skewness, we used the natural log of transaction size and relationship length.4  We imputted the missing values on transaction size (14.8%) and relationship length (2%). We employed the expectation maximization method for transaction size, and we mean-imputted the missing values for relationship length.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="7">The data contain missing values for transaction size (21%). As such, we imputed these values using expectation maximization method.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot"> = -.28, t = -4.26, p &lt; .01New Product Creativity / 53</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Web Appendix Instrumental Variable Testing</head><p>In our model, new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions may be endogenous. To address this concern, we use instrumental variable approach with a two-stage least squares estimation (2SLS). Equations A1 and A2 report the first stage equations, in which each endogenous regressor is regressed on the instrumental variables (differentiation in the product category and the number of products in informant's portfolio) and exogenous variables from Equation 1 <ref type="bibr" coords="21,153.61,272.41,59.62,10.80" target="#b1">(Bascle 2008</ref> (A3) Contract specificity = 30 + 31New product creativity* + 32Frequency of new product introductions* + 33Performance ambiguity + control variables + 1</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Instrumental Variable Tests</head><p>We performed a series of tests to examine the validity and relevance of our instrumental variables. To test for the relevance of the instrumental variables, we used the Cragg-Donald (1993) statistic that applies to multiple endogenous regressors. The results do not indicate presence of poor instruments as the value of Cragg-Donald F statistic (F = 8.07) meets the critical value of 7.03 suggested by <ref type="bibr" coords="21,239.40,700.26,112.55,10.80" target="#b56">Stock and Yogo (2005)</ref> for two endogenous regressors and 2 two instrumental variables. We tested the validity of our instruments using the Sargan test <ref type="bibr" coords="22,72.02,88.42,64.67,10.80" target="#b1">(Bascle 2008)</ref>. Since exogeneity tests necessitate that the equation is overidentified (i.e., there are more instrumental variables than endogenous regressors), we tested the set of instrumental variables on new product creativity and frequency of new product introductions separately. The results reveal that the instrumental variables are exogenous for both new product creativity ( 2 = .15, p&gt;.10) and frequency of new product introduction ( 2 = .02, p&gt;.10).</p><p>Copyright of Journal of Marketing is the property of American Marketing Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.94,62.04,239.13,8.97;19,66.90,73.26,227.23,7.89;19,66.90,83.75,227.22,7.89;19,66.90,94.18,177.54,7.89" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human Capital and Institutional Determinants of Information Technology Compensation: Modeling Multilevel and Cross-Level Interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Soon</forename><surname>Ang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandra</forename><surname>Slaughter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kok Yee</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1427" to="1472" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.94,105.36,239.07,8.97;19,66.90,116.86,227.12,7.89;19,66.90,127.52,143.87,7.89" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Controlling for Endogeneity with Instrumental Variables in Strategic Management Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guilhem</forename><surname>Bascle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="285" to="327" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.94,138.41,239.08,8.97;19,66.90,149.86,227.19,7.89;19,66.90,160.57,161.94,7.89" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Antecedents and Performance Implications of Cooperative Exchange Norms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Janet</forename><surname>Bercovitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jack</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Nickerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="724" to="764" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,171.74,239.07,8.97;19,66.90,183.19,227.12,7.89;19,66.90,193.85,158.44,7.89" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When Does Vertical Coordination Improve Industrial Purchasing Relationships?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arnt</forename><surname>Buvik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="52" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,205.81,239.11,7.89;19,66.90,215.74,227.16,8.97;19,66.90,227.18,227.11,7.89;19,66.90,237.90,208.73,7.89" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Uncertainty, Opportunism, and Governance: The Effects of Volatility and Ambiguity on Formal and Relational Contracting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Carson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anoop</forename><surname>Madhok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tao</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1058" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,249.02,239.13,8.97;19,66.89,260.52,227.15,7.89;19,66.89,271.18,227.14,7.89;19,66.89,281.89,30.47,7.89" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outcome-Based and Behavior-Based Coordination Efforts in Channel Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kirti</forename><surname>Celly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Sawhney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Frazier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="200" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,293.85,239.09,7.89;19,66.89,303.72,227.10,8.97;19,66.89,315.17,227.15,7.89;19,66.89,325.89,112.23,7.89" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Piecewise Growth Curve Modeling Approach for Longitudinal Prevention Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chih-Ping</forename><surname>Chou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dongyun</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mary</forename><forename type="middle">Ann</forename><surname>Pentz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yih-Ing</forename><surname>Hser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Computational Statistics &amp; Data Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="238" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,336.32,239.13,8.97;19,66.89,347.82,227.14,7.89;19,66.89,358.48,227.15,7.89;19,66.89,369.20,226.20,7.89;19,66.89,379.86,35.86,7.89" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Life Choice Introduces Delight Bites Multi-Grain Snacks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Conagra</forename><surname>Foods</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.conagrafoods.com/news-room/news" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Life-Choice-Introduces-Delight-Bites-Multi-Grain</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-08-26" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>news release. Snacks-1961022</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,389.55,239.12,8.97;19,66.89,401.00,227.13,7.89;19,66.89,411.72,227.15,7.89;19,66.89,422.38,98.17,7.89" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do Suppliers Benefit from Collaborative Relationships with Large Retailers? An Empirical Investigation of Efficient Consumer Response Adoption</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Corsten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nirmalya</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,432.02,239.10,8.97;19,66.90,443.53,227.15,7.89;19,66.90,454.18,227.15,7.89;19,66.90,464.90,104.35,7.89" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Multidyadic Industrial Channels: Understanding Component Supplier Profits and Original Equipment Manufacturer Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Dahlquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Griffith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="59" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2014-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,474.54,239.08,8.97;19,66.90,486.05,227.12,7.89;19,66.90,496.70,149.20,7.89" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Customer Participation and the Trade-Off Between New Product Innovativeness and Speed to Market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="90" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,506.40,239.05,8.97;19,66.90,517.85,227.10,7.89;19,66.90,528.56,227.12,7.89;19,66.90,539.22,227.04,7.89;19,66.90,549.88,196.18,7.89" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Slotting Allowances in the Retail Grocery Industry: Selected Case Studies in Five Product Categories</title>
		<ptr target="https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/reports/use-slotting-allowances-retail-grocery-industry/slottingallowancerpt031114.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Federal Trade Commission</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>FTC Staff Report</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,559.58,239.09,8.97;19,66.90,571.03,227.11,7.89;19,66.90,581.74,227.14,7.89;19,66.90,592.40,77.65,7.89" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural Equation Models with Unobservable Variables and Measurement Error: Algebra and Statistics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fornell</forename><surname>Claes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Larcker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="382" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="1981-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,602.89,239.08,7.89;19,66.89,612.76,227.12,8.97;19,66.89,624.26,227.12,7.89;19,66.89,634.92,227.15,7.89;19,54.93,646.09,239.08,8.97;19,66.89,657.54,227.12,7.89;19,66.89,668.25,215.36,7.89" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Buffering and Amplifying Effects of Relationship Commitment in Business-to-Business Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Shankar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hillbun</forename><surname>Babu John Mariadoss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Alan J. Malter, and Aric Rindfleisch</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-10" />
			<publisher>Dixon) Ho</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,54.93,679.43,239.10,8.97;19,66.89,690.87,227.14,7.89;19,66.89,701.53,99.03,7.89;19,317.93,62.04,239.14,8.97;19,329.89,73.43,196.08,7.89" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Governance Value Analysis and Marketing Strategy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mrinal</forename><surname>Ghosh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="346" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,84.60,239.15,8.97;19,329.89,95.99,227.15,7.89;19,329.89,106.60,227.08,7.89;19,329.89,117.20,34.11,7.89" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Costs and Benefits of Ownership: A Theory of Vertical and Lateral Integration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sanford</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Grossman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Oliver</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="691" to="719" />
			<date type="published" when="1986-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,129.16,239.11,7.89;19,329.90,138.98,227.13,8.97;19,329.90,149.58,196.25,8.97;19,317.93,161.54,239.07,8.97;19,329.90,172.93,227.15,7.89;19,329.90,183.53,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,194.13,33.66,7.89" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Architecture of Cooperation: Managing Coordination Costs and Appropriation Concerns in Strategic Alliances</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Gulati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ranjay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Phanish</forename><surname>Lawrence</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Puranam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>415-40. ---and Harbir Singh</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="781" to="814" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Strategic Management Journal</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,204.34,239.13,8.97;19,329.90,215.73,163.49,7.89" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sample Selection Bias as a Specification Error</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Heckman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,225.38,239.11,8.97;19,329.90,236.77,199.71,7.89;19,317.93,246.47,239.11,8.97;19,329.89,257.86,227.22,7.89;19,329.89,268.46,193.76,7.89" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Alliances in Industrial Purchasing: The Determinants of Joint Action in Buyer-Supplier Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">; George</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="24" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,278.10,239.11,8.97;19,329.90,289.55,227.15,7.89;19,329.90,300.15,91.55,7.89" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Do German Contracts Do as Much with Fewer Words?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claire</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chicago-Kent Law Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="889" to="926" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,309.79,239.13,8.97;19,329.90,321.18,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,331.79,227.11,7.89;19,329.90,342.39,29.18,7.89" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Reciprocity in Clarifying the Performance Payoff of Relational Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jessica</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hoppner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Griffith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="920" to="948" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,352.09,239.11,8.97;19,329.90,363.48,227.13,7.89;19,329.90,374.08,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,384.68,20.17,7.89" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cutoff Criteria for Fit Indexes in Covariance Structure Analysis: Conventional Criteria Versus New Alternatives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Li</forename><forename type="middle">-</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bentler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Structural Equation Modeling</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,394.38,239.08,8.97;19,329.89,405.77,227.13,7.89;19,329.89,416.37,87.06,7.89" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Limited Contract Enforcement and Strategic Renegotiation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gur</forename><surname>Huberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Kahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="471" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,426.01,239.09,8.97;19,329.89,437.40,227.12,7.89;19,329.89,448.06,182.71,7.89" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market Orientation, Creativity, and New Product Performance in High-Technology Firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Im</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Subin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Workman</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="114" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,457.70,239.15,8.97;19,329.90,469.10,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,479.70,85.52,7.89" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Bargaining Theory of Distribution Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ganesh</forename><surname>Iyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Miguel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Villas-Boas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2003-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,489.40,239.11,8.97;19,329.90,500.79,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,511.39,227.16,7.89;19,329.90,521.99,146.25,7.89" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Control Mechanisms and the Relationship Life Cycle: Implications for Safeguarding Specific Investments and Developing Commitment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Shankar Ganesan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="272" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,531.69,239.04,8.97;19,329.90,543.08,227.16,7.89;19,329.90,553.68,204.93,7.89" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contract Duration and Relationship-Specific Investments: Empirical Evidence from Coal Markets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Joskow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="168" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="1987-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,564.11,239.09,7.89;19,329.90,573.93,227.17,8.97;19,329.90,585.32,227.16,7.89;19,329.90,595.92,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,606.58,68.35,7.89" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding Governance Decisions in a Partially Integrated Channel: A Contingent Alignment Framework</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Richard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Soongi</forename><surname>Mcfarland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sanggi</forename><surname>Kwon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Son</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Griffith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="603" to="619" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,617.01,239.19,7.89;19,329.90,626.82,227.15,8.97;19,329.90,638.21,227.14,7.89;19,329.90,648.81,28.49,7.89" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Effects of Perceived Interdependence on Dealer Attitudes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Nirmalya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan-Benedict</forename><forename type="middle">E M</forename><surname>Scheer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Steenkamp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="348" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="1995-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,658.51,239.13,8.97;19,329.90,669.90,227.18,7.89;19,329.90,680.50,181.52,7.89" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Network Dyads in Entrepreneurial Settings: A Study of Governance of Exchange Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrea</forename><surname>Larson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="76" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="19,317.93,690.99,239.11,7.89;19,329.90,700.80,227.16,8.97;19,447.70,749.98,109.36,9.31" xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sergio</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lazzarini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Zenger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Order with Some Law: Complementarity Versus Substitution of New Product Creativity / 57</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,66.90,36.41,227.15,7.89;20,66.90,46.85,155.66,7.89" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Formal and Informal Arrangements</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="98" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.94,56.54,239.08,8.97;20,66.90,67.77,227.16,7.89;20,66.90,78.25,227.14,7.89;20,66.90,88.68,33.60,7.89" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product Innovation Strategy and the Performance of New Technology Ventures in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Haiyang</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kwaku</forename><surname>Atuahene-Gima</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Academy of Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1123" to="1157" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,98.38,239.19,8.97;20,66.90,109.60,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,120.09,169.26,7.89" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Accounting for Common Method Variance in Cross-Sectional Research Designs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lindell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Whitney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Applied Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="114" to="135" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,129.73,239.09,8.97;20,66.90,141.01,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,151.44,158.44,7.89" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interdependency, Contracting, and Relational Behavior in Marketing Channels</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Lusch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,161.14,239.12,8.97;20,66.90,172.36,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,182.85,143.42,7.89" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Learning to Contract: Evidence from the Personal Computer Industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kyle</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nicholas</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Argyres</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="394" to="410" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,193.28,239.19,7.89;20,66.90,202.98,227.17,8.97;20,66.90,214.20,227.21,7.89;20,66.90,224.69,227.14,7.89;20,66.90,235.12,28.78,7.89" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product Quality as a Formative Index: Evaluating an Alternative Measurement Approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francisco-Jose</forename><surname>Molina-Castillo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roger</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Calantone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stanko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jose-Luis</forename><surname>Munuera-Aleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Product Innovation Management</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="380" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,244.82,239.16,8.97;20,66.90,256.04,227.14,7.89;20,66.90,266.53,28.78,7.89" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contract Specificity and Its Performance Implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erik</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mooi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ghosh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="125" />
			<date type="published" when="2010-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,276.17,239.04,8.97;20,66.90,287.45,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,297.88,196.03,7.89;20,54.93,307.58,239.08,8.97;20,66.90,318.80,227.11,7.89;20,66.90,329.28,171.71,7.89" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christine</forename><forename type="middle">;</forename><surname>Moorman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Miner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Organizational Market Information Processes: Cultural Antecedents and New Product Outcomes</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995-08" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="106" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,338.98,239.12,8.97;20,66.90,350.20,227.11,7.89;20,66.90,360.69,121.99,7.89" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Conceptual Framework for the Design of Organizational Control Mechanisms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Ouchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Management Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="833" to="881" />
			<date type="published" when="1979-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,370.33,239.13,8.97;20,66.90,381.62,212.36,7.89" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interfirm Relational Drivers of Customer Value</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Palmatier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="76" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2008-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,391.26,239.13,8.97;20,66.90,402.54,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,412.97,170.05,7.89" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Do Formal Contracts and Relational Governance Function as Substitutes or Complements?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laura</forename><surname>Poppo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Todd</forename><surname>Zenger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="707" to="732" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,423.46,239.10,7.89;20,66.90,433.10,227.15,8.97;20,66.90,444.38,227.12,7.89;20,66.90,454.81,227.15,7.89;20,66.90,465.29,82.02,7.89" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Computational Tools for Probing Interaction Effects in Multiple Linear Regression, Multilevel Modeling, and Latent Curve Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristopher</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Preacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Patrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Curran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="485" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,474.94,239.11,8.97;20,66.90,486.21,218.07,7.89" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Extend Profits, Not Product Lines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Quelch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,495.86,239.13,8.97;20,66.90,507.13,227.14,7.89;20,66.90,517.56,227.14,7.89;20,66.90,528.05,26.28,7.89" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modeling the Decision to Add New Products by Channel Intermediaries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vithala</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Mclaughlin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="1989-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,538.48,239.08,7.89;20,66.89,549.05,227.14,7.70;20,66.89,559.40,145.42,7.89" xml:id="b45">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Hierarchical Linear Models: Application and Data Analysis Methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Raudenbush</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Bryk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Sage Publications</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Thousand Oaks, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,569.10,239.07,8.97;20,66.90,580.32,227.16,7.89;20,66.90,590.81,118.07,7.89;20,54.93,600.45,239.16,8.97;20,66.89,611.73,227.17,7.89;20,66.89,622.16,227.17,7.89;20,66.89,632.65,52.70,7.89" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Acquisition and Utilization of Information in New Product Alliances: A Strength-of-Ties Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Aric</forename><surname>Rindfleisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="1997-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,54.93,643.08,239.11,7.89;20,66.89,652.78,227.14,8.97;20,66.89,664.00,227.14,7.89;20,66.89,674.49,227.12,7.89;20,66.89,684.98,121.14,7.89" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incorporating Cultural Values for Understanding the Influence of Perceived Product Creativity on Intention to Buy: An Examination in Italy and the</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gaia</forename><surname>Rubera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrea</forename><surname>Ordanini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A S</forename><surname>Griffith ; U</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Business Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="459" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,35.62,239.07,8.97;20,329.89,46.84,227.18,7.89;20,329.89,57.32,227.18,7.90;20,329.90,67.77,110.14,7.89" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Modularity, Flexibility, and Knowledge Management in Product and Organization Design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ronald</forename><surname>Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mahoney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Strategic Management Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Winter Special Issue</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,77.46,239.13,8.97;20,329.90,88.68,227.21,7.89;20,329.90,99.17,227.16,7.89;20,329.90,109.60,104.12,7.89" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Strategic Performance Effects of Misaligned Formal Contracting: The Mediating Role of Relational Contracting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><surname>Sande</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sven</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bingen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Haugland</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Research in Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.94,119.30,239.09,8.97;20,329.90,130.52,209.86,7.89" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why Most Product Launches Fail</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joan</forename><surname>Schneider</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julie</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Harvard Business Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,140.22,239.10,8.97;20,329.90,151.44,227.16,7.89;20,329.90,161.14,227.14,8.97;20,329.90,172.36,28.78,7.89" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Problems with Contingency Theory: Testing Assumptions Hidden Within the Language of Contingency &apos;Theory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Claudia</forename><surname>Schoonhoven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Bird</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="349" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,182.06,239.14,8.97;20,329.90,193.28,227.15,7.89;20,329.90,203.77,129.01,7.89" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Passive and Active Opportunism in Interorganizational Exchange</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Seggie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>David</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandy</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Griffith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jap</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2013-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,213.41,239.08,8.97;20,329.90,224.69,227.15,7.89;20,329.90,235.12,227.16,7.89;20,329.90,245.61,142.11,7.89" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-Functional Product Development Teams, Creativity, and the Innovativeness of New Consumer Products</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Sethi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rajesh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C. Whan</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001-02" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="85" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,256.04,239.14,7.89;20,329.90,265.74,227.22,8.97;20,329.89,276.96,227.14,7.89;20,329.89,287.45,82.01,7.89" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sources and Financial Consequence of Radical Innovation: Insights from Pharmaceuticals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alina</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Sorescu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Rajesh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jaideep</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chandy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Prabhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="82" to="102" />
			<date type="published" when="2003-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,297.09,239.14,8.97;20,329.89,308.37,227.12,7.89;20,329.89,318.80,179.19,7.89" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Firm as a Coordination System: Evidence from Software Services Offshoring</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kannan</forename><surname>Srikanth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Phanish</forename><surname>Puranam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Organization Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1253" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,328.50,239.20,8.97;20,329.89,339.77,227.24,7.89;20,329.90,350.28,227.16,7.70;20,329.90,360.69,227.24,7.89;20,329.90,371.12,194.54,7.89" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing for Weak Instruments in Linear IV Regression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Stock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Motohiro</forename><surname>Yogo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Identification and Inference for Econometric Models: Essays in Honor of Thomas Rothenberg</title>
		<editor>Donald W.K. Andrews and James H. Stock</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="80" to="108" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,380.82,239.13,8.97;20,329.90,392.05,227.16,7.89;20,329.90,402.54,127.60,7.89" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Controlling Supplier Opportunism in Industrial Relationships</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rodney</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Stump</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="431" to="472" />
			<date type="published" when="1996-11" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,412.97,239.10,7.89;20,329.90,422.67,227.15,8.97;20,329.90,433.89,219.09,7.89" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Retailer Private-Label Margins: The Role of Supplier and Quality-Tier Differentiation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ter</forename><surname>Braak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marnik</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Anne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Inge</forename><surname>Dekimpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Geyskens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="86" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2013-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,443.59,239.13,8.97;20,329.90,454.81,227.13,7.89;20,329.90,465.29,96.47,7.89" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A Transaction Cost Approach to Make-or-Buy Decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gordon</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Administrative Science Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,474.94,239.12,8.97;20,329.90,486.21,227.18,7.89;20,329.90,496.65,158.44,7.89" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Opportunism in Interfirm Relationships: Forms, Outcomes, and Solutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenneth</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wathne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Heide</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2000-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,506.34,239.12,8.97;20,329.90,517.56,227.14,7.89;20,329.90,528.05,227.16,7.89;20,329.90,538.48,173.63,7.89" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Role of Slotting Fees and Introductory Allowances in Retail Buyers&apos; New-Product Acceptance Decisions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lisa</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">Nicholas</forename><surname>Troy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Gerlich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,548.97,239.11,7.89;20,329.90,559.40,133.04,7.89" xml:id="b62">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Mechanisms of Governance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Oliver</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Williamson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,569.10,239.14,8.97;20,329.90,580.32,227.15,7.89;20,329.90,590.81,227.13,7.89;20,329.90,601.24,39.50,7.89" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Editorial: Issues and Opportunities in New Product Development: An Introduction to the Special Issue</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jerry</forename><surname>Wind</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vijay</forename><surname>Mahajan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="12" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,317.93,611.73,239.11,7.89;20,329.90,621.37,227.08,8.97;20,329.90,632.65,227.18,7.89;20,329.90,643.08,153.06,7.89;20,317.93,652.78,239.14,8.97;20,329.90,664.00,227.17,7.89;20,329.90,674.49,227.08,7.89;20,329.90,684.98,29.62,7.89" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Portfolios of Interfirm Agreements in Technology-Intensive Markets: Consequences for Innovation and Profitability</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stefan</forename><surname>Wuyts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Shantanu</forename><surname>Dutta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stefan</forename><surname>Stremersch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>88-100. ---and Inge Geyskens</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="120" />
			<date type="published" when="2004-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Marketing</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="20,67.29,749.98,139.01,9.31" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Marketing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="21,72.50,104.74,466.70,10.80;21,171.74,132.10,268.62,10.80" xml:id="b66">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">New Product Creativity: Understanding Contract Specificity in New Product Introductions Tereza Dean</title>
		<editor>David A. Griffith, and Roger J. Calantone</editor>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
