<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">The Limit of Equality Projects: Public-Sector Expansion, Sectoral Conflicts, and Income Inequality in Postindustrial Economies</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cheol-Sung</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Young-Bum</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Hallym University</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jae-Mahn</forename><surname>Shim</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Sociology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Chicago</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1126 E. 59th Street</addrLine>
									<postCode>60637</postCode>
									<settlement>Chicago</settlement>
									<region>IL</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">The Limit of Equality Projects: Public-Sector Expansion, Sectoral Conflicts, and Income Inequality in Postindustrial Economies</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0003122410396195</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:07+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>public-sector employment</term>
					<term>sectoral productivity gap</term>
					<term>sectoral conflicts</term>
					<term>cross-class alliances</term>
					<term>income inequality</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>In this study, we investigate how structural economic changes constrain an equality project, the public-sector expansion strategy. First, we describe a three-stage process in which a growing productivity gap between the private-manufacturing and public-service sectors disrupts traditional class solidarity. We contend that emerging conflicts between private and public sectors due to public-sector expansion and a growing inter-sectoral productivity gap eventually lead to employment and budget crises, as well as the weakening of coordinated wagesetting institutions. Furthermore, political, institutional, and economic transformations originating from sectoral cleavages and imbalance lead to increased income inequality. We test this argument using an unbalanced panel dataset on 16 advanced industrial democracies from 1971 to 2003. We find that public-sector employment has a strong negative effect on income inequality when the productivity gap between sectors is low. In such situations, public-sector employment fulfills its promise of equality and full employment. However, as the inter-sectoral productivity gap increases, the negative effect of public-sector expansion on income inequality evaporates. The findings suggest that severely uneven productivity gaps due to different degrees of technological innovations significantly weaken and limit the effectiveness of left-wing governments' policy interventions through public-service expansion.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Recent studies on income inequality in advanced industrial countries follow two trends. One strand emphasizes the role of domestic political and institutional mechanisms in reducing inequality. Previous studies of the welfare state highlight ways in which social policies have successfully reduced income and wealth gaps among citizens. In particular, scholars of power resource theory emphasize the role of traditional social democratic class politics in developing public provisions for social a University of Chicago b Hallym University welfare and achieving more equal distributions of income. This work shows that welfare states led by left-wing governments and sponsored by strong labor unions have consciously employed redistributive tax and income transfer policies that (controlling for popular measures of globalization) greatly reduced income inequality <ref type="bibr" coords="2,137.62,151.71,95.46,8.74" target="#b40">Hicks and Swank 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.31,163.67,107.94,8.74">Huber and Stephens 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,163.66,163.67,69.44,8.74;2,51.31,175.64,22.45,8.74" target="#b52">Korpi and Palme 1998)</ref> and poverty <ref type="bibr" coords="2,144.54,175.64,53.17,8.74" target="#b14">(Brady 2005</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,211.18,175.64,17.54,8.74" target="#b14">(Brady , 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,51.31,187.60,67.48,8.74" target="#b50">Kenworthy 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,121.14,187.60,70.24,8.74" target="#b58">Moller et al. 2003)</ref>. Research also demonstrates that corporatist wagebargaining institutions arranged among the state, strong unions, and employers have played decisive roles in decreasing wage inequality in northern and continental Europe <ref type="bibr" coords="2,181.19,247.37,51.89,8.74;2,51.31,259.34,93.59,8.74" target="#b19">(Checchi and Garcia-Penalosa 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,154.57,259.34,78.59,8.74;2,51.31,271.30,20.46,8.74" target="#b29">Garrett and Way 2000)</ref>. More specifically, the level of wagesetting, the concentration of unions, and the share of the labor force covered by collective bargaining play important roles in accounting for pay differentials across countries <ref type="bibr" coords="2,205.47,319.16,27.56,8.74;2,51.31,331.07,80.86,8.74" target="#b74">(Rueda and Pontusson 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,135.21,331.07,67.38,8.74" target="#b84">Wallerstein 1999)</ref>.</p><p>The second strand of research identifies globalization as the driving force behind increasing income inequality <ref type="bibr" coords="2,174.78,366.96,58.32,8.74;2,51.31,378.93,53.74,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002)</ref>. Some proponents of economic globalization argue that it benefits all income groups <ref type="bibr" coords="2,81.24,402.86,78.85,8.74" target="#b17">(Burtless et al. 1998</ref>), or at least lowincome groups, by providing basic commodities at lower prices <ref type="bibr" coords="2,135.31,426.73,66.33,8.74" target="#b9">(Bhagwati 2004)</ref>. Many other scholars, however, agree that globalization has had detrimental effects on the poor and the working classes in advanced industrial countries <ref type="bibr" coords="2,91.73,474.59,109.59,8.74" target="#b45">(Hurrell and Woods 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,205.89,474.59,27.20,8.74;2,51.31,486.55,22.31,8.74" target="#b73">Rodrik 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,76.82,486.55,60.83,8.74" target="#b81">Tonelson 2000)</ref>.</p><p>However, these studies fail to detect or explain the increase in income inequality during the past few decades in advanced industrial countries in the context of the contradictions generated by the welfare state itself in its interaction with deep structural changes. We propose an explanatory model that emphasizes the roles of domestic sectoral conflicts and structural imbalance between sectors in limiting a traditional component of left-wing governance: the egalitarian effects of publicsector employment.</p><p>The structural imbalances and concomitant political conflicts between private and public sectors, as <ref type="bibr" coords="2,296.04,92.06,69.53,8.74" target="#b61">O'Connor (1977)</ref> pointed out, are deeply rooted in the capitalist economy, especially with the development of the modern welfare state. Cleavages between the private and public sectors received a great deal of attention in liberal countries, such as the United States, Canada, Britain, and Ireland during the 1970s and 1980s, when deep economic crises brought to the surface the fundamentally different economic and political conditions between sectors <ref type="bibr" coords="2,355.52,211.65,77.34,8.74;2,251.03,223.62,45.20,8.74" target="#b10">(Blais, Blake, and Dion 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,299.44,223.62,91.83,8.74" target="#b22">Edgell and Duke 1986)</ref>.</p><p>Building on this literature, we argue that sectoral divisions play a critical role in explaining the recent growth in income inequality, not only in liberal and continental European countries, but also in the heart of social democratic countries. By highlighting the role of sectoral politics and structural imbalance between sectors, we hope to explore the structural and political dynamics underlying the previously suggested determinants for income inequality, such as ''the decline of wage-setting coordination'' <ref type="bibr" coords="2,323.98,379.05,84.89,8.74">Nielsen 2002:1285)</ref> and ''decreased employment'' <ref type="bibr" coords="2,364.45,391.01,68.37,8.74;2,251.03,402.98,97.87,8.74">(Kenworthy and Pontusson 2005:453-54)</ref>. We argue that an interactive process of public-sector expansion and a growing productivity gap between sectors results not only in employment and budget crises, but also in the weakening of coordinated wage-setting institutions, which, in turn, leads to increased income inequality.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>THEORETICAL DISCUSSION</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Stage I. The Link between Public-Service Expansion and Income Inequality: A Traditional Model</head><p>In postwar advanced industrial democracies, public-sector employment, along with generous social transfers, has effectively reduced income inequality through two mechanisms: increased job opportunities for former labor market outsiders, and generous pay scales underpinned by coordinated wage bargaining.</p><p>First, public-sector employment has reduced income inequality by providing socially and economically marginalized populations with greater employment opportunities. Public-sector expansion absorbs not only the redundant labor force but also socially marginalized populations (e.g., women) and other labor market outsiders into the public delivery of health, education, and social services <ref type="bibr" coords="3,129.32,211.53,105.52,8.74;3,53.01,223.50,22.31,8.74" target="#b34">(Gustaffson and Johansson 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,79.15,223.50,107.82,8.74" target="#b43">Huber and Stephens 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,190.80,223.50,44.15,8.74;3,53.01,235.41,21.10,8.74" target="#b50">Kenworthy 2008)</ref>. When the formerly unemployed or non-employed enter the labor market, income inequality will drop.</p><p>This public employment strategy has been the most effective tool for achieving full employment and equality, not only in social democratic countries but also, to a more moderate degree, in some continental European and liberal countries, such as Austria, <ref type="bibr" coords="3,217.87,331.07,12.69,8.74;3,53.01,343.03,157.86,8.74">Belgium, Canada, Ireland (in the 1980s)</ref>, and the United Kingdom (in the 1970s). Partisan governments that use this supply-side ''human capital creation'' strategy <ref type="bibr" coords="3,156.45,378.93,47.64,8.74" target="#b12">(Boix 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,207.02,378.93,27.75,8.74;3,53.01,390.89,18.26,8.74" target="#b28">Garrett 1998</ref>) have generated numerous jobs in public-service areas such as daycare, eldercare, afterschool programs, and job training programs <ref type="bibr" coords="3,92.86,426.73,137.80,8.74" target="#b8">(Benner and Bundgaard Vad 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Second, welfare states, as employers in public-sector services, reduce income (mainly wage) inequality by providing employees with higher pay than they would receive on the market and by maintaining this generous wage policy through coordinated wage-bargaining institutions. In this politicalinstitutional process of public-service expansion, four actors-public-sector workers, private-sector workers, public-sector employers (government), and private-sector employersformulate class-based coalitions based on their economic interests. The traditional publicsector expansion strategy should be economically and politically viable as long as all four parties regard it as beneficial. Private-sector unions, especially in manufacturing sectors, will likely remain in the solidaristic wagesetting arrangement as long as productivity gaps between public and private sectors are low, because the unions can reduce wage gaps in and between sectors through coordinated wage bargaining. In addition, privatesector employers prefer to remain in coordinated wage bargaining, provided (1) their competitive advantage is substantially guaranteed by wage restraint and (2) sound macro-economic environments provide them with a satisfactory level of demand. Public-sector workers prefer to remain with coordinated wage bargaining because governments guarantee them relatively higher wages and fringe benefits than the free market could provide.</p><p>The Stage I column in <ref type="figure" coords="3,363.79,259.45,34.80,8.74">Figure 1</ref> summarizes this process of political and institutional compromise. At this stage, the productivity gap between manufacturing sectors and public-service sectors is relatively small. During this period, centralized blue-collar union confederations in Northern Europe and leading industrial unions in other advanced democracies marshaled coordinated wage bargaining with private-sector business associations. The results of this bargaining became a reference point for white-collar unions, including public-sector unions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,376.75,402.98,57.71,8.74;3,252.74,414.94,35.29,8.74" target="#b31">(Gourevitch et al. 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,291.40,414.94,48.61,8.74" target="#b38">Hicks 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,343.39,414.94,61.08,8.74" target="#b77">Stephens 1979;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,407.85,414.94,26.80,8.74;3,252.74,426.85,21.10,8.74" target="#b79">Swank 1999)</ref>. 1 With small wage differentials within and between sectors, public-sector expansion under a coordinated wage policy remains effective in reducing overall income inequality. Based on this discussion, we predict the following:</p><p>Hypothesis 1: Public-service expansion will have a strong negative effect on income inequality.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Stage II. Increasing Productivity Gaps and the Emergence of Sectoral Conflicts</head><p>Notwithstanding Hypothesis 1, we find that when countries pursue a high employment strategy via public-sector employment, it generates conflict between the private and public sectors. Private-sector workers become increasingly discontented with public-sector workers' wage and job security. Union leaders and members in the private sector consider public-sector unions' close relationships with left-party or coalition governments to be unfair, because private-sector unions have to endure more hostile environments (e.g., lay-offs or wage-cut threats). Private-sector workers likely see public-sector workers' privileges as luxurious working conditions sponsored by their tax money <ref type="bibr" coords="4,136.08,509.40,62.11,8.74" target="#b27">(Furåker 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,202.21,509.40,25.75,8.74;4,51.30,521.36,41.73,8.74" target="#b61">O'Connor 1977)</ref>. Private-sector employers may become increasingly critical of public-sector expansion, because they assume a growth in government employment will decrease profits and investment. These kinds of conflicts between the public and private sectors were salient in liberal countries such as the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, and the United States in the 1970s and 1980s, as well as in some social democratic countries in the 1990s and 2000s, during times of economic crisis. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,355.64,363.62,3.39,5.94">2</ref> The fundamental division between the public and private sectors is based on different rates of productivity growth, 3 different levels of organizational and bargaining capacity against employers, and different levels of exposure to world markets. First, the majority of jobs created through public-sector employment are low-productivity service jobs, for which increases in productivity over time are nearly impossible <ref type="bibr" coords="4,322.57,485.46,57.70,8.74" target="#b5">(Baumol 1967)</ref>. When these jobs' wages are determined only by productivity, service-sector workers suffer from extreme poverty, as is often the case in the United States <ref type="bibr" coords="4,307.54,533.32,91.87,8.74" target="#b23">(Esping-Andersen 1990</ref>.</p><p>Second, as public-sector employment increases, so does the power of public-sector unions. Public-sector unions, with strong bargaining power based on high memberships and a close relationship with their employers (i.e., left-wing or coalition governments), often attempt to launch independent wage bargaining efforts, regardless of wage bargaining in the private sector. Although pay raises without increases in productivity lead to the exit of services from the market in principle, well-organized public-sector unions and labor-friendly, left-wing governments jointly allowed the low-productivity/high-wage public sector to persist for decades. Third, public-sector workers are not exposed to increasingly competitive world markets; they therefore have more freedom to increase their wages with greater militancy, without being punished by lower employment. More productive private manufacturing-sector workers who are highly invested and trained are unable to seek higher wages, because the coordinated bargaining system suppresses wage increases in private sectors. Higher wages often lead to failure to conform to a world market price, loss of competitiveness, and a consequent decline in employment <ref type="bibr" coords="5,53.01,307.20,94.62,8.74" target="#b29">(Garrett and Way 2000)</ref>.</p><p>Some private-sector unions, witnessing the durable solidarity between public-sector unions and incumbent left-wing or coalition governments, become increasingly disenchanted with their traditional partners. In particular, private manufacturing-sector firms are faced with increasing pressure to accomplish higher levels of production flexibility and quality <ref type="bibr" coords="5,88.84,414.82,74.33,8.74" target="#b70">(Pontusson 1992;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,171.82,414.82,62.98,8.74;5,53.01,426.73,59.77,8.74" target="#b72">Pontusson and Swenson 1996)</ref>. Employers' needs for higher flexibility weaken existing coalitions based on solidaristic union movements. This decline in intra-class solidarity fosters new firm-or industry-level cross-class alliances between workers and employers. In the early 1970s in Sweden, for example, white-collar unions, including public-sector unions, formed an organization for independent wage bargaining <ref type="bibr" coords="5,53.01,534.35,56.70,8.74" target="#b25">(Flucher 1991</ref>) that paved the way toward decentralized wage bargaining in the 1980s and 1990s.</p><p>Public-sector expansion, accompanied by a growing productivity gap between the manufacturing and public-service sectors, places two major sectoral actors of coordinated wage bargaining in completely different positions: (1) manufacturing sectors are forced to accept wage constraints that result from intensified competition in the global market and the coordinated wage-bargaining system, and (2) sheltered public-service sectors enjoy wage increases based on their strong bargaining capacity <ref type="bibr" coords="5,303.84,127.96,56.04,8.74" target="#b47">(Iversen 1999)</ref>. Workers in competitive manufacturing industries are likely to perceive that they are relatively deprived of their right to secure higher wages and benefits, relative to workers in the public sector, because the public sector's high wages reduce the real wage in the private sector (because wages in the public sector are drawn from taxpayers in the private sector). Being increasingly dissatisfied with the lack of remuneration for their international competitiveness, private manufacturing-sector workers put pressure on their union leaders to leave the coordinated wage bargaining. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,370.32,280.91,3.39,5.94">4</ref> To summarize, public-sector expansion accompanied by productivity gaps between sectors will lead to a weakening of traditional coordinated wage-bargaining institutions, because employers and workers in the manufacturing sector will withdraw their support (due to their increased discontent with the public-sector's expansion and strength, the concomitant tax burden, and their own desires for wage flexibility and higher wages). 5 The Stage II column in <ref type="figure" coords="5,328.99,414.75,33.22,8.74">Figure 1</ref> summarizes these processes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Stage III. Increasing Productivity Gap and Increasing Income Inequality</head><p>We argue that the public-service expansion strategy effectively reduced income inequality in advanced industrial economies only until the 1980s; since the 1990s, it has failed to deliver its promised goals. This striking difference across time is due to growing productivity gaps between sectors, the concomitant emergence of sectoral conflicts and cross-class alliances in the 1980s, and the rearrangement of the economic-political solidarity structure between the public and private sectors in the 1990s and afterward. In this section, we describe how a growing productivity gap nullifies the economic and political/institutional links between public-sector expansion and distributional outcomes.</p><p>First, an increasing productivity gap sets limits on the public sector's employment capacity and its contribution to total employment. As the productivity gap between sectors grows, manufacturing sectors will shed increasingly more labor; the public-or private-service sectors should absorb the redundant labor force. However, most public-sector jobs are concentrated in administration or delivery of public services, while redundant workers likely have specific skills that are not easily transferrable across firms or industries (Estevez-Abe, <ref type="bibr" coords="6,163.46,283.27,65.33,8.74;6,51.31,295.23,41.07,8.74" target="#b24">Iversen, and Soskice 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,94.78,295.23,89.80,8.74" target="#b36">Hall and Soskice 2001)</ref>. This structural imbalance, or mismatch in skills between sectors <ref type="bibr" coords="6,83.69,319.16,113.92,8.74" target="#b49">(Jackman and Roper 1987;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,202.92,319.16,30.32,8.74;6,51.31,331.07,118.04,8.74" target="#b55">Layard, Nickell, and Jackman 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,173.40,331.07,55.30,8.74" target="#b82">Turvey 1977)</ref>, makes it difficult for unemployed workers to find alternative jobs, even in expanding public-service sectors. With a lack of jobs in the private-service sector (which is also due to the development of the public-service sector), redundant workers become longterm unemployed and rely on welfare state transfers. 6 This increasing financial burden on welfare states contributes to governmental budget crises, 7 which eventually makes it difficult for governments to behave as generous employers for redundant workers and their own employees. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,141.05,484.15,3.39,5.94">8</ref> We therefore expect that an increasing productivity gap sets limits on the public sector's employment capacity and its contribution to total employment (and its virtuous effects on distributional outcomes).</p><p>Second, a public-sector employment strategy may foster inter-sectoral conflicts and cross-class alliances more severely in an economy with large productivity gaps between sectors. In highly competitive private manufacturing industries, unions and employers will achieve high productivity growth.</p><p>They will have greater incentive to bargain at the firm or industry level, rather than the national level, so that their co-investment in highly productive organizational routines and firm-or industry-specific skills can be more directly rewarded on the basis of their own performance criteria. These unions and employers will prefer independent firm-or industry-based bargaining over centralized wage bargaining, so that they do not have to tolerate lower wages than (they believe) they deserve or the high wages that public-sector workers earn relative to their low productivity.</p><p>Employers in the highly competitive and productive manufacturing or high-tech sectors will also have greater incentives to avoid traditional collective wage-bargaining and to establish their own wage and benefit structures to enhance their employees' commitment levels <ref type="bibr" coords="6,300.76,295.26,124.67,8.74" target="#b72">(Pontusson and Swenson 1996)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,429.45,292.87,3.39,5.94">9</ref> In addition, some employers at the highest levels of productivity and competitiveness can afford to pay for their employees' intensive investment in firm-or industry-level skills without being concerned about wage levels. Therefore, at Stage III in <ref type="figure" coords="6,394.77,366.91,34.47,8.74">Figure 1</ref>, both workers and employers in private manufacturing sectors will walk away from traditional solidaristic wage policy and form alliances based on industry-or firm-specific skill investment <ref type="bibr" coords="6,322.97,426.68,109.91,8.74">(Esteves-Abe et al. 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,251.04,438.64,92.35,8.74" target="#b36">Hall and Soskice 2001)</ref>.</p><p>In addition, left-wing governments will feel constrained by new structural limits and thus be more likely to relinquish their longheld policy priority-equality-in favor of budget restraint. For incumbent governments, pushing down wages or allowing pay differentiation in the public sector is politically less costly than reducing generous social transfers. Lowering pay for the public sector applies only to a small segment of the population with whom governments can bargain directly (e.g., part-time female employees in publicservice jobs), while existing social transfers (e.g., social insurance) benefit large segments of the population. Because voters will be displeased with losing benefits <ref type="bibr" coords="6,380.28,629.96,52.55,8.74;7,53.01,68.01,54.18,8.74" target="#b16">(Brooks and Manza 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,112.27,68.01,55.50,8.74" target="#b69">Pierson 1996)</ref>, politicians are more likely to cut and differentiate pay for public-sector workers than to reduce existing social welfare programs. During budget crises, left-wing governments will voluntarily cut back spending on wages for public-sector employees and ''increase pay differentiation in the public sector to reduce budget deficits'' <ref type="bibr" coords="7,53.01,163.67,80.13,8.74">(Swenson 1991:385)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,137.20,161.40,6.77,5.94">10</ref> As the productivity gap widens and sectoral conflicts increase, manufacturing sectors begin industry-or firm-level wage bargaining with requests for high wage increases, and public sectors are forced to cut wages or differentiate their wage scales. In this way, the (negative) effect of public-service expansion on income inequality disappears in some advanced industrial economies. Fundamental structural changes weaken traditional coordinated wage-bargaining institutions and foster wage flexibility in the manufacturing and public sectors. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,130.96,316.79,6.85,5.94">11</ref> To summarize, increasing productivity gaps transform the traditional fabric of leftwing governance via two mechanismsdecreasing total employment and weakening coordinated wage-bargaining institutions -and thereby change the proposed negative relationship between public-sector employment and income inequality, at least to a lesser or non-negative relationship at the highest levels of the productivity gap. 12 This leads to the main hypothesis of this study:</p><p>Hypothesis 2: The size of the negative effect of public-service expansion on income inequality will diminish and eventually evaporate as the productivity gap between the private manufacturing and publicservice sectors increases.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>DATA</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent Variable</head><p>Our dependent variable is the Gini coefficient of post-tax, post-transfer (disposable) income inequality. 13 Previous studies using OECD wage inequality data (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="7,209.24,630.07,25.50,8.74;7,252.73,68.02,84.85,8.74" target="#b74">Rueda and Pontusson 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,341.05,68.02,72.85,8.74" target="#b84">Wallerstein 1999)</ref> cannot address an overall picture of income distribution in a society because the data not only ''fail to capture the distributive effects of unemployment, underemployment, and labor force exit'' <ref type="bibr" coords="7,324.66,127.85,109.88,8.74;7,252.73,139.75,40.99,8.74">(Kenworthy and Pontusson 2005:452)</ref> or the effects of total employment increases, but they also fail to consider income from self-employment and other sources such as property (e.g., interest and dividends). 14 In addition, wage inequality data do not take into account welfare states' progressive taxation and social transfers, which are an important element of variations we will explain in this study. We ultimately concur with <ref type="bibr" coords="7,278.48,259.31,102.86,8.74">Kenworthy's (2010:411)</ref> claim that ''the distribution of disposable income among households is what researchers and policy makers should be most interested in understanding.' <ref type="bibr" coords="7,312.44,307.17,3.98,8.74">'</ref> We draw the post-tax and post-transfer income inequality data from the World Income Inequality Database (WIID) version 2.0c built by World Institute for Development Economics Research of the United Nations University (UNU-WIDER 2008a). The UNU-WIDER WIID database version 2 replaces WIID1 by adding ''the new data of <ref type="bibr" coords="7,412.22,402.83,17.92,8.74;7,252.73,414.79,86.47,8.74" target="#b21">Deininger &amp; Squire (2004)</ref>, the unit record data of the Luxembourg Income Study (LIS), the Transmonee data by UNICEF/ICDC, <ref type="bibr" coords="7,413.85,438.66,20.66,8.74">[and]</ref> Central Statistical Offices and research studies'' (UNU-WIDER 2008b:8). The database aims to maximize longitudinal and cross-sectional comparability by increasing the precision of the definitions underlying the inequality estimates and by updating the documentation of data sources. Reflecting the purpose of this study and the recommendations of UNU-WIDER, we define and select quality estimates of income inequality as follows: (1) estimates scored 1 (the highest quality) in the quality rating of WIID2; (2) estimates based only on disposable income or disposable monetary income; and (3) estimates with the income sharing unit being household or family. 15 With respect to (1), WIID2 rates the quality of a data-point highest when the underlying concepts are known and the quality of the income concept and survey can be judged (for more specific criteria, see <ref type="bibr" coords="8,51.31,115.87,122.26,8.74">UNU-WIDER [2008b:13-14]</ref>). Regarding (2), we include only disposable income, not only because it fully takes into consideration welfare state efforts (i.e., delivery of social services mainly through public-sector employment as well as taxation and transfers), but also because it maximizes the sample size, as countries more frequently report income data on the basis of disposable income. 16</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Main Independent Variables</head><p>Public-sector employment rate captures welfare states' efforts as employers to achieve full employment and equality. This variable plays the role of igniter of sectoral conflicts, depending on the size of the productivity gap between sectors. We calculate it as the size of general government employment as a percentage of the total population age 15 to 64 years. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,74.83,364.76,6.77,5.94">17</ref> We draw general government employment data primarily from the OECD (2009a). The data include ''those employed in all departments, establishments and other bodies of central, state and local governments, which engage in such activities as administration, defense, health, educational and social services and the promotion of economic growth. . . . Included are social security schemes in respect of large sections of the community, imposed, controlled or financed by government non-profit institutions entirely or mainly financed and controlled by general government'' <ref type="bibr" coords="8,208.31,522.49,24.78,8.74;8,51.31,534.46,39.13,8.74">(OECD 1986:541)</ref>. Although this measure does not include individuals employed in state-owned companies, it embraces all other employees in health, education, public administration, the legal system, and social welfare activities. Over-time variations of this measure are predominantly driven by welfarestate-related sectors. We use Scharpf and Schmidt's (2000) data on a supplementary basis for the country-years not reported in the OECD electronic database.</p><p>Sectoral labor productivity difference measures structural imbalance between sectors within a national economy. We hypothesize that the productivity gap between sectors will play the role of a conditional factor, by which public-service-sector expansion will have different effects on income inequality. We define this variable as the rate of labor productivity of the manufacturing sector and of the community, social, and personalservice sectors. We compute sectoral productivity as the ratio of value added in a sector to the employment size in the sector. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,388.97,233.12,6.77,5.94">18</ref> We assume these measures will largely capture the labor-productivity gap between the private manufacturing sector and the public-service sector, because ''community, social and personal services (ISIC 75-99) include mainly non-market activities such as public administration, education, and health'' <ref type="bibr" coords="8,251.03,331.03,70.36,8.74">(OECD 2006:36)</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="8,321.22,328.76,6.77,5.94">19</ref> and the welfare state is the key employer for the bulk of the labor force in these sectors. This measure ''reflects the joint influence of changes in capital, as well as technical, organizational efficiency change within and between firms, the influence of economies of scale, varying degrees of capacity utilization and measurement errors'' <ref type="bibr" coords="8,284.59,426.67,68.37,8.74">(OECD 2001:15)</ref>. Data on employment and value added by sectors are from the OECD STAN database (2005b), which uses ''a standard industry list (ISIC Rev. 3) for all countries to facilitate international comparisons.''</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control Variables: Internal Development Model and Labor Market Structural Changes</head><p>Based on <ref type="bibr" coords="8,295.03,570.31,64.03,8.74" target="#b53">Kuznets (1955)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="8,383.13,570.31,49.73,8.74;8,251.04,582.28,66.01,8.74" target="#b60">Nielsen and Alderson (1995)</ref>, we introduce three measures to capture the effects of labor force composition and shift on income inequality. The first two measures, agricultural labor force and sector dualism, represent a structural shift from traditional to industrial society. We expect the former to be negatively associated with income inequality, because a greater share of agricultural employment typically leads to more equal income distribution <ref type="bibr" coords="9,82.15,127.84,60.19,8.74" target="#b59">(Nielsen 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,146.04,127.84,88.72,8.74;9,53.01,139.74,21.44,8.74" target="#b60">Nielsen and Alderson 1995)</ref>. We measure agricultural employment as the size of employment in agriculture as reported in the OECD (2005b). We calculate sector dualism by the formula jp-Lj, where p is the proportion of the labor force in agriculture and L is agriculture's share of GDP. This measure captures differences in average income between sectors <ref type="bibr" coords="9,154.20,223.50,58.80,8.74" target="#b59">(Nielsen 1994)</ref>. We draw all estimates of p and L from the OECD (2005b). We expect sector dualism to affect income inequality positively.</p><p>We introduce the third measure, labor force in financial sector, to capture the effects of labor force composition on inequality in postindustrial, finance-dominant economies <ref type="bibr" coords="9,53.01,319.16,135.64,8.74" target="#b33">(Greenwood and Jovanovic 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,192.15,319.16,42.77,8.74;9,53.01,331.07,60.61,8.74" target="#b56">Li, Squire, and Zou 1998)</ref>. We expect that the greater the size of the financial labor force, the higher income inequality will be. Controlling for this variable is essential because the recent upturn in income inequality is often attributed to the financial sector's explosive growth and their ''over-paid'' CEOs and employees. We measure financial labor force as the size of employment in the financial sector as a percentage of total employment. Employment data are from the OECD (2005b).</p><p>We expect the unemployment rate to increase income inequality. With rapid deindustrialization, high unemployment will be concentrated in low-skill jobs because employers are less likely to lay off more skilled workers. Therefore, high unemployment will disproportionally affect the unskilled, low-paid working class and contribute to higher income inequality. We measure the unemployment rate as the size of total unemployment as a percentage of the total labor force as reported in the OECD <ref type="formula" coords="9,203.16,594.18,24.47,8.74">(2008)</ref>.</p><p>Female labor force participation rate may either reduce or increase income inequality. Some scholars contend that a higher female presence in the labor market captures the rising share of female-led households, which will lead to higher inequality (especially in the United States) <ref type="bibr" coords="9,328.47,104.03,106.16,8.74;9,252.74,115.99,21.10,8.74" target="#b30">(Gottschalk and Smeeding 1997)</ref>. Other researchers, however, note that higher rates of female participation serves as a proxy for women-friendly social and labormarket policies and therefore will be negatively associated with inequality <ref type="bibr" coords="9,387.96,163.79,46.61,8.74;9,252.74,175.76,65.38,8.74" target="#b74">(Rueda and Pontusson 2000)</ref>. We calculate this measure as the size of the female labor force as a percentage of the female population age 15 to 64 years. We draw data from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,370.33,211.65,60.40,8.74;9,252.74,223.62,58.77,8.74">Huber and colleagues (2004)</ref> and the OECD (2005a). 20</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control Variables: Internal Political and Institutional Factors</head><p>We control for two political variables: left party share and Christian democratic party share in government cabinets, both of which prove to have negative effects on post-tax and post-transfer reduction in inequality . We code these variables as 1 when a single party forms the entire cabinet; when these parties have coalition partners in a cabinet, they are scored between 0 and 1 (a fraction of their share in the entire cabinet). We cumulate these scores from 1950 to the corresponding year of Gini index being used; data come from <ref type="bibr" coords="9,370.44,438.81,55.29,8.74" target="#b79">Swank (2009)</ref>.</p><p>We introduce a measure of welfare state effort, the welfare benefit generosity index <ref type="bibr" coords="9,252.75,474.71,60.50,8.74" target="#b76">(Scruggs 2004)</ref>, which not only revises but updates Esping-Andersen's (1990) decommodification index. We also employ union density, measured as the size of net union members (i.e., total union members reported minus self-employed, retired, and unemployed members) as a ratio of the total dependent labor force, which includes employees and the total unemployed labor force. Data are from Golden and <ref type="bibr" coords="9,335.70,582.33,77.78,8.74">Wallerstein (2006)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" coords="9,252.75,594.24,53.65,8.74" target="#b83">Visser (2006)</ref>. We expect all four variables to have negative effects on inequality . Because they are highly correlated with each other (see the correlation coefficient table in Part D of the online supplement) and with our main independent variable (i.e., public-sector employment), we introduce two political variables and two institutional variables separately.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Control Variables: Globalization</head><p>We control for four measures of globalization: net migration rate, outward foreign direct investment, southern import penetration, and capital market openness. We expect all of these variables to contribute to recent upward trends in inequality in advanced industrial countries. International migration should increase inequality by increasing the low-skill, low-wage labor force <ref type="bibr" coords="10,193.25,271.45,39.82,8.74;10,51.31,283.41,74.17,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002)</ref>. We measure this by net migration rate, that is, the total number of immigrants minus the annual number of emigrants, in the total population (per 1,000 people). We use population data from the World Bank's World Development Indicators (Various Years) to compute this variable.</p><p>We also expect trade with developing countries, especially manufactured imports, to seriously lower domestic workers' wages <ref type="bibr" coords="10,51.32,402.94,52.90,8.74" target="#b86">(Wood 1994)</ref>. We measure southern import penetration as manufactured imports (in current U.S. dollars as a percentage of GDP) from countries other than the 23 advanced industrial countries. Import data are from OECD International Trade by Commodities Statistics (OECD 2009b).We define manufactured imports as Standard International Trade Classification (Revision 2) groups 5, 6, 7, and 8 in the statistics.</p><p>Outward investment should affect inequality positively because it decreases domestic demands for labor, especially in manufacturing industries. This contributes to deindustrialization, higher unemployment <ref type="bibr" coords="10,175.91,570.40,57.20,8.74;10,51.32,582.36,54.95,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002)</ref>, and diminished union power. We calculate foreign direct investment as the size of direct investment abroad in a given year divided by the size of the total labor force (log base 10). Direct investment data are from the IMF's Balance of Payments Yearbook (Various Years). Total labor force data come from <ref type="bibr" coords="10,275.20,92.04,121.40,8.74">Huber and colleagues (2004)</ref> and the OECD (2005a).</p><p>We expect financial openness to worsen domestic distributional outcomes by increasing investment opportunities for high-income groups and limiting governments' macroeconomic policy choices to fight for unemployment <ref type="bibr" coords="10,277.64,175.74,120.08,8.74">(Huber and Stephens 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,404.55,175.74,28.30,8.74;10,251.05,187.70,21.02,8.74" target="#b57">Mahler 2004)</ref>. The variable is expressed as <ref type="bibr" coords="10,408.90,187.70,24.07,8.74;10,251.05,199.67,14.23,8.74" target="#b20">Chinn and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,271.57,199.67,78.56,8.74" target="#b20">Ito's (2006, 2008)</ref> financial openness index, which measures a country's degree of capital account openness. This index takes on higher values as a country is more open to cross-border capital transactions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>METHODS</head><p>The dataset is an unbalanced panel dataset that contains 239 observations for 16 advanced industrial countries over 33 years between 1971 and 2003. Under this panel structure, errors are likely to be correlated with each other within each unit. When these unmeasured time-invariant components are not systematically represented by appropriate methodological treatments, such as in ordinary least squares (OLS), they will transfer to the error term, causing heterogeneity bias and underestimated standard errors for regression coefficients <ref type="bibr" coords="10,346.73,450.78,58.89,8.74" target="#b32">(Greene 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,409.59,450.78,23.22,8.74;10,251.04,462.74,22.72,8.74" target="#b41">Hsiao 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,277.12,462.74,57.44,8.74" target="#b78">Stimson 1985)</ref>.</p><p>The most popular approaches employed for this data structure are the random effects model (REM) and the fixed effects model (FEM). The REM and the FEM differ from each other in many respects. The REM represents the unmeasured time-invariant factors by systemizing the random error terms, a i (i = 1, 2,.,N; N = number of units), while the FEM achieves the same goal by systemizing unit-specific intercepts with N -1 indicator variables. The REM has an important advantage over the FEM: the REM can accommodate time-invariant and slowly time-varying institutional factors, while the FEM cannot deal with such variables because of the perfect correlation between the timeinvariant variables and the unit-specific indicator variables. Given that even a slowly time-varying covariate often loses its meaningful level of statistical significance in the FEM context, it may be highly problematic to employ the FEM for cross-national studies that aim to analyze historically time-invariant factors.</p><p>In spite of this advantage, the REM does not have any safeguard in case the key assumption of the REM (i.e., the random effect error term, a i , is uncorrelated with the existing covariates) is violated. In such a case, the REM estimation will result in inconsistent parameter estimates <ref type="bibr" coords="11,203.48,259.30,31.43,8.74;11,53.00,271.27,22.16,8.74" target="#b32">(Greene 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,79.01,271.27,48.68,8.74" target="#b35">Halaby 2004</ref>). The FEM, on the other hand, does not have the strict assumption, which allows regressors to be correlated with the country-specific indicator variables. As a result, in spite of its conservative (inefficient) approach, the FEM tends to generate more consistent and unbiased estimates when researchers suspect there may be systematic correlations between existing covariates and unmeasured time-invariant components. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,210.50,376.55,6.77,5.94">21</ref> Scholars typically find that income inequality data contain more variations between units than within units <ref type="bibr" coords="11,195.75,414.75,39.10,8.74;11,53.01,426.66,76.33,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="11,134.31,426.66,64.04,8.74" target="#b6">Beckfield 2006)</ref>. In this particular study, however, the proposed interaction model hypothesizes that a publicsector-expansion strategy interacting with an emerging productivity gap between sectors will generate sectoral conflicts and structural imbalance, leading to higher income inequality over time. Therefore, our substantive logic is primarily dependent on within-unit variations. Considering the advantages and disadvantages of each estimation strategy (including the potential violation of the REM assumption), and more importantly, the implications of our theoretical framework relying on over-time variations, we report the results from the FEM in the text and the results from the REM in the online supplement.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Descriptive Statistics</head><p>Figure 2-1 shows income inequality trends (Gini based on household disposable income) in Nordic countries. The figure illustrates strikingly similar over-time trajectories of inequality: income inequality declined during the 1970s and 1980s in Denmark, Finland, and Norway (Sweden is the exception). After some stagnant years during the 1980s, however, income inequality began to increase from the early 1990s onward in all four countries. Public-sector employment steadily increased in all Nordic countries during the 1970s and 1980s; it then maintained considerably high levels compared with other countries since the 1990s, with the exception of Finland (see <ref type="table" coords="11,305.06,295.22,29.28,8.74" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>). Although Sweden suffered a slight decline in the 1990s, it still maintains the largest public-sector among advanced industrial democracies. Productivity gaps between sectors are pronounced in Sweden (1.89) and Finland (1.81), where productivity in the manufacturing sector is roughly twice as high as that in the public-service sector. However, relatively low levels and growth rates of the productivity gap between sectors in Denmark suggest there might be less serious sectoral conflicts. Therefore, high levels of public-sector employment are not likely to contribute to serious declines in total employment or wage-setting institutions. The descriptive statistics in Nordic countries suggest there could be a high level of interactive effects between public-sector employment and productivity growth on income inequality.</p><p>Income inequality trends in liberal countries diverge (see <ref type="figure" coords="11,326.21,534.34,33.11,8.74" target="#fig_0">Figure 2</ref>-2). New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States suffered substantial increases in inequality. In Canada, income inequality slightly decreased in the 1980s but has increased since the 1990s, although at a slow rate. In Australia in the 1990s, distributional outcomes improved slightly compared with the 1970s. With the exception of the United Kingdom, which curtailed public-sector employment significantly in the 1980s through privatization, other liberal countries maintained relatively small (New Zealand \ 10) to moderate (United States, Canada, and Australia . 10) public sectors. The productivity gap increased most dramatically in Canada and Ireland, but other countries also experienced increased productivity gaps between sectors.</p><p>Income inequality trajectories in continental European countries are more diverse than those in Nordic countries. <ref type="figure" coords="12,161.80,529.35,42.70,8.74" target="#fig_0">Figure 2-3</ref> shows that Belgium and the Netherlands experienced slight increases, while inequality remained stable (Italy) or decreased considerably (Austria) or slightly (France and Germany) in other countries. The size of the public sector in these countries went through neither substantial gains nor significant losses, but most countries experienced substantial increases in the productivity gap (overall, though, the productivity gap in these countries remained narrow).</p><p>In general, descriptive statistics for liberal and continental European countries suggest that in some of these countries (e.g., Belgium, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada), medium-sized public-sector employment may have interacted with medium to high levels of the productivity gap. In these countries, although wage-bargaining institutions either functioned effectively (mainly at the industry level in continental Europe) or did not play a critical role in wage restraint (liberal countries), the descriptive trends suggest that structural imbalances and sectoral cleavages may have evolved and contributed to increased income inequality (mainly through employment and budget crises).</p><p>Overall, descriptive results suggest that the proposed public sector-productivity gap interaction effect on distributional outcomes is most salient in some Nordic countries (i.e., Finland and Sweden), but it is also observable in some liberal countries (and Belgium). Next, our multivariate regression analyses test whether the proposed interaction effect contributes to the ineffectiveness of public-sector-expansion strategies in advanced industrial democracies.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Multivariate Analyses</head><p>In Model 1 of <ref type="table" coords="13,131.74,570.31,34.35,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 2</ref>, we introduce public-sector employment in the presence of the simplest set of control variables: two period indicator variables and five indicator variables describing different income definitions. Model 1 shows that, as expected, public-sector employment has a strong negative effect on income inequality. This suggests that a public-service-expansion strategy is generally effective in reducing income inequality. The period indicators are positive and highly significant, suggesting that inequality increased continuously over time during the past two decades, compared to the 1970s (i.e., 1971 to 1982). Models 2 to 4 tell a different story. We separately tested the effect of public-sector employment on inequality by splitting the original sample into two groups, one covering 1971 to 1992 (N = 120) and the other 1993 to 2003 (N = 119). In Model 2, public-sector employment still has a very strong negative effect on inequality, but the effect becomes statistically nonsignificant in Model 3 when more recent data are tested. The results  <ref type="bibr" coords="13,153.92,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,158.80,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,185.62,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,190.44,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,217.26,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,222.14,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,248.96,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,253.78,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,280.60,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,285.48,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,312.30,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,317.12,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,343.94,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,348.82,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,375.64,113.50,27.29,7.48;13,380.46,123.42,17.60,7.48;13,407.28,113.50,17.60,7.48">1971 to 1982 1983 to 1992 1993 to 2003 1971 to 1982 1983 to 1992 1993 to 2003 1971 to 1982 1983 to 1992 1993</ref>  The size of general government employment as a percentage of the total working age population (ages 15 to 64 years). c The rate of the productivity of the manufacturing sector to that of the community, social, and personal service sectors. We compute sectoral productivity as the ratio of the value added in a sector to the employment size in the sector.</p><p>suggest that fundamental changes occurred during the past couple of decades that rendered the formerly effective equality project dysfunctional.</p><p>Model 4 re-merges the split samples and introduces two interaction terms between public-sector employment and two period indicators, which turn out to be positive and significant. The results suggest that the strong negative effects of public-sector employment on income inequality are significantly moderated for both the 1983 to 1992 and 1993 to 2003 periods; the larger size of the coefficient for the second interaction term (.262) relative to the first one (.151) suggests that the positive effects of the interaction term become stronger over time. Overall, results in <ref type="table" coords="14,183.15,617.41,30.27,8.74" target="#tab_3">Table 2</ref> support the baseline predictions of Hypotheses 1 and 2. Models 1 and 2 demonstrate that public-sector expansion was an effective policy tool that achieved full employment and equality. Models 3 and 4, however, suggest that some fundamental structural changes encroached on the traditional basis of leftwing politics in advanced industrial democracies throughout the 1980s. In the 1990s, these changes dismantled the mechanism by which left-wing governments intervened in economies to achieve full employment and more equal income distribution.</p><p>To investigate why the public-serviceexpansion strategy lost its effectiveness over time, Model 6 introduces an interaction variable between public-sector employment and the productivity gap. The interaction term tests Hypothesis 2, that is, sectoral conflicts Note: Absolute value of t statistics in parentheses. *p .05; ** p .01 (two-tailed tests).</p><p>originating from growth in the productivity gap will change the proposed negative causal link between public-service expansion and income inequality into a lesser or nonnegative one. Results in Model 6 lend credence to our theoretical prediction: the two main terms and the interaction term are highly significant and the signs of relevant variables are all consistent with our expectations. The highly significant, positive effect of the interaction term suggests that a public-service-expansion strategy is effective only when productivity gaps between the private-manufacturing and the public-service sectors are small. At this stage, coordinated wage bargaining flattens wage gaps between and within sectors, while formerly marginalized populations gain access to market income thanks to the high level of total employment sustained by public-sector expansion. However, when the productivity gap widens, public-service expansion leads to sectoral conflicts and to poorer employment performance. In turn, this eventually leads to higher income inequality due to wage dispersion within sectors and employment/budget crises. 22 <ref type="figure" coords="15,64.91,390.82,32.77,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 3</ref>-1 illustrates how the slopes of the government employment variable differ depending on the level of the productivity gap. When the rate measure of sectoral productivity difference is fixed at ''K'' for Model 6, the coefficient of public-sector employment is determined by (-1.55 1 .56 3 K). As the productivity gap changes from a low (-2 standard deviations below the mean) to a high level (12 standard deviations above the mean), the public-sector employment coefficient approaches from -1.55 to nearly zero (when K = 2.77). This suggests that, at the highest level of productivity gap between sectors, the negative effects of public-sector expansion on inequality completely evaporate (as shown in the second panel of 3-1). 23 <ref type="figure" coords="15,64.91,594.07,35.95,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 3</ref>-2 presents the marginal effect <ref type="bibr" coords="15,53.01,606.03,146.71,8.74" target="#b15">(Brambor, Clark, and Golder 2006)</ref> of public-sector employment on income inequality as productivity difference changes. The graph shows that the size of the marginal effect decreases continuously as productivity difference increases. Ninety-five percent confidence intervals around the solid line suggest that the marginal effects of public-sector employment on income inequality are statistically significant when the productivity difference changes from 0 to 2.3 (without controls) or 1.8 (with controls). Within the range, the upper and lower bounds of the confidence intervals remain below the zero line. The negative marginal effect disappears, however, when the productivity difference changes between 2 and 3 for both graphs in <ref type="figure" coords="15,252.74,235.41,32.64,8.74" target="#fig_2">Figure 3</ref>-2.</p><p>Overall, the results support our key argument that a fundamental structural change rendered the conventional left-wing strategy of public-sector expansion ineffective. Our findings show that in countries with high levels of sectoral productivity differences, public-sector expansion does not effectively reduce income inequality.</p><p>The variables introduced in Models 7 to 11 in <ref type="table" coords="15,264.58,355.00,31.57,8.74" target="#tab_4">Table 3</ref> test whether the proposed public sector-productivity gap model is robust in the presence of other domestic structural, institutional, political, and international factors. Model 7 controls for five factors related to internal development and structural changes: labor force in agricultural sector, sector dualism, labor force in financial sector, unemployment rate, and female labor force participation rate. The results show that the main model is robust in the presence of these five variables.</p><p>The next two models test whether the proposed interaction model survives after controlling for political and institutional factors. Model 8 introduces two political partisan cabinet effects-cumulative left party and Christian Democratic party cabinet shares-that research has found to play critical roles in reducing income inequality in advanced industrial democracies . The results show that the main model is not affected by the inclusion of these variables; both variables are (incorrectly) positive-signed (presumably due to high multi-collinearity). We believe that the main term of public-sector employment (which also captures the effects of wage-setting level on income inequality) captures the egalitarian role of left-party incumbency or cabinet participation. Model 9 includes union density and the welfare benefit generosity index. The welfare generosity (decommodification index) score captures the effects of more generous social benefits and entitlements on income inequality trends. As expected, welfare generosity has a strong negative effect on income inequality, but the coefficients of our main interaction model are largely consistent and robust. This suggests that our public sector-productivity interaction model represents independent causal effects on inequality that cannot be captured by conventional welfare states' redistributive effects. Insignificant effects of union density are largely attributable to its multi-collinearity with other variables (i.e., government employment, the welfare generosity index, and female labor force participation).</p><p>Model 10 introduces popular measures of globalization that have been tested in previous studies: southern import penetration <ref type="bibr" coords="16,401.39,617.27,31.56,8.74;16,251.04,629.24,70.22,8.74" target="#b45">(Hurrell and Woods 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,324.18,629.24,48.13,8.74" target="#b86">Wood 1994)</ref>, foreign direct  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>. Presentation of Interaction Effects</head><p>Note: The first panel in 3-1 shows the diminishing effects of public-sector employment on income inequality as the sectoral productivity gap changes from -2 to 12 standard deviations. The second panel in 3-1 shows the same changing slopes as the productivity gap increases from a minimum to a maximum value. Both panels are based on Model 6 in <ref type="table" coords="16,219.29,414.03,26.74,7.48" target="#tab_3">Table 2</ref>. The first panel in 3-2 is based on Model 6 with decade and income definition indicator variables only. The second panel in 3-2 is based on Model 11 with all control variables. Note: Absolute value of t statistics in parentheses. *p .05; ** p .01 (two-tailed tests).</p><p>investment outflows, net migration rates <ref type="bibr" coords="18,51.31,79.98,119.21,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002)</ref>, and financial openness <ref type="bibr" coords="18,89.58,91.94,55.11,8.74" target="#b57">(Mahler 2004)</ref>. Of these four globalization variables, only financial openness is positive and significant. All three terms of the proposed public sector-productivity gap interaction model are still significant and robust in the presence of the four globalization factors.</p><p>Model 11 drops cumulative left-party incumbency and union density (again due to multi-collinearity concerns), which were statistically non-significant in previous models, but includes all other control variables. The results show that our main model remains intact in the presence of currently known popular predictors of income inequality.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONCLUSIONS</head><p>This study investigates the politicalstructural mechanism of increasing income inequality trends in advanced industrial democracies. By focusing on deep structural changes in an economy and their interaction with traditional class politics, we substantiate our claim that an increasing inter-sectoral productivity difference alters the negative relationship between public-sector expansion and income inequality.</p><p>We proposed two important intervening theoretical links between the public-sector expansion-sectoral productivity gap interaction model and income inequality: total employment performance and the role of coordinated wage bargaining. First, we suggested that the role of public-service expansion in decreasing income inequality by providing job opportunities for the economically and socially marginalized has been significantly diminished by an increasing inter-sectoral productivity gap and structural imbalance between sectors.</p><p>Second, we argued that when increasing productivity differences arise between privatemanufacturing and public-service sectors, a public-sector-expansion strategy could disrupt an important institutional mechanism of wage restraint-coordinated wage bargaining -that had undergirded the dominance of corporatist politics after the postwar period <ref type="bibr" coords="18,394.87,92.01,37.99,8.74;18,251.04,103.98,21.62,8.74" target="#b18">(Cameron 1984;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,279.33,103.98,54.93,8.74" target="#b28">Garrett 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,340.92,103.98,91.94,8.74;18,251.04,115.94,21.63,8.74" target="#b39">Hicks and Kenworthy 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,278.26,115.94,57.50,8.74" target="#b85">Western 1997)</ref>. Once the coordinated wage-setting institutions are weakened, wage flexibility in highly competitive sectors severely worsens distributional outcomes. We conclude that a decline in employment potential and wage coordination leads to increased income inequality. Our findings demonstrate that our public sector-sectoral productivity gap interaction model accounts for the variations in within-country income inequality over the past three decades.</p><p>Overall, we revisited the conventional wisdom stating that public-sector employment will decrease income inequality. This idea has been taken for granted as a formal, macro-economic formula for equality projects in many countries. We found that the effect of equality projects based on public-service expansion is conditional on a structural factor: the inter-sectoral productivity gap. In a sense, our findings are consonant with <ref type="bibr" coords="18,402.41,355.07,30.44,8.74;18,251.04,367.03,26.16,8.74" target="#b11">Block's (1977)</ref> classic dictum that (welfare) state managers' opportunities and capacity to rationalize the economy and integrate (working-class) electorates through employment and redistribution will be structurally constrained and adjusted by the confidence of business communities. It is not a coincidence that publicsector reform projects become central policy agendas for both left-and right-wing parties in many advanced industrial countries <ref type="bibr" coords="18,401.90,474.66,31.05,8.74;18,251.04,486.62,63.12,8.74" target="#b29">(Garrett and Way 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="18,318.11,486.62,114.73,8.74;18,251.04,498.59,21.02,8.74" target="#b71">Pontusson, Rueda, and Way 2002)</ref>. Whereas the United States under Reagan and Britain under Thatcher provide classic stories of the privatization of public firms, Britain's Labour Party under Blair and Germany's Christian Democratic Party add new examples of reform projects that aim to introduce greater competition and liberalization of public-service sectors. We are skeptical, however, whether these right-wing and center-left governments' renewed drive for privatization and liberalization of formerly state-owned firms and monopolies will ameliorate the sectoral conflicts originating from the intersectoral productivity gap. As <ref type="bibr" coords="19,175.70,79.98,59.22,8.74" target="#b47">Iversen (2005)</ref> notes, reforms targeting telecommunications and postal services are not likely to affect social and community services-which constitute the majority of the public sector and are therefore responsible for the bulk of employment-and thus an inter-sectoral productivity gap (and sectoral conflicts) will persist and even increase in postindustrial economies.</p><p>Our findings are not limited to the impressive strength of the public sector-productivity gap interaction model. The strong negative effect of welfare benefit generosity on inequality reconfirms the role of generous welfare regimes in fighting for equality through progressive taxation and generous social transfers <ref type="bibr" coords="19,117.35,283.27,117.43,8.74" target="#b1">(Alderson and Nielsen 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="19,53.01,295.23,77.94,8.74" target="#b13">Bradley et al. 2003)</ref>. This has been the single most important determinant for reducing inequality across advanced industrial democracies, even since the 1980s, when the public-sector employment strategy began to show its adverse effects in some liberal and social-democratic countries. Welfare states' role in protecting citizens vulnerable to rapid technological innovations and intensified global competition through generous transfers and entitlements should not be discounted. If the public-sector-expansion strategy becomes increasingly ineffective in achieving egalitarian agendas, leftist and reformist governments may resort to more generous social spending in areas such as non-insurance assistance programs <ref type="bibr" coords="19,80.34,486.55,93.06,8.74" target="#b71">(Pontusson et al. 2002)</ref> or job training programs <ref type="bibr" coords="19,95.07,498.52,49.79,8.74" target="#b12">(Boix 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="19,150.00,498.52,55.17,8.74" target="#b28">Garrett 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="19,210.26,498.52,24.53,8.74;19,53.01,510.48,77.04,8.74">Huber and Stephens 2001)</ref>.</p><p>Furthermore, these findings do not suggest the complete failure of the traditional equality project focusing on job creation in the public sector. The public-service-expansion strategy, although it recently resulted in worse macroeconomic performance and distributional outcomes in some countries, has achieved its promise for gender equality <ref type="bibr" coords="19,169.47,606.14,61.39,8.74;19,53.01,618.05,52.51,8.74" target="#b43">(Huber and Stephens 2000)</ref>, income equality, and full employment at a large scale for several decades. Despite the limitations of this strategy, for some liberal and continental European countries in which public-sector employment has not reached its limit, an increasing supply of human capital formation <ref type="bibr" coords="19,412.20,115.99,22.33,8.74;19,252.74,127.96,22.82,8.74" target="#b12">(Boix 1998)</ref> in such areas as childcare and preschool services, formal education, job training, and employment services through public employment should remain a vital policy alternative for achieving ''a high-employment and highequality society'' <ref type="bibr" coords="19,324.46,187.72,88.84,8.74">(Kenworthy 2008:279)</ref>.</p><p>As long as public-sector expansion has not ''coincided with (too rapidly) increasing exposure to the global economy'' <ref type="bibr" coords="19,383.68,223.62,50.86,8.74;19,252.74,235.52,62.45,8.74">(Garrett and Way 2000:289)</ref>, it will remain one of the most attractive policy choices for reformist parties. In the same vein, when reformist governments are faced with incentives to buffer populations vulnerable to increasing globalization <ref type="bibr" coords="19,284.60,295.35,56.68,8.74" target="#b73">(Rodrik 1997)</ref>, policymakers should be aware that pursuing a public-serviceexpansion strategy could generate unintended consequences-that is, encroachment on their institutional bases. This study suggests that policymakers, under increasing structural constraints, need to consider not only the positive effects of public-service expansion, such as expanding the electoral base to new sectors of the population, but also its negative effects, such as alienating traditional bases of support.</p><p>2. For similar points, see <ref type="bibr" coords="20,139.52,67.35,55.26,6.99" target="#b37">Hardiman (2002)</ref> for Ireland; <ref type="bibr" coords="20,66.22,77.33,92.34,6.99">Blais and colleagues (1990)</ref> for the United States; <ref type="bibr" coords="20,66.22,87.31,53.74,6.99" target="#b54">Langford (1996)</ref> for Canada; and <ref type="bibr" coords="20,177.91,87.31,55.18,6.99;20,66.22,97.23,21.25,6.99" target="#b22">Edgell and Duke (1986)</ref> for Britain. These authors note that cleavages in liberal countries between the public and private sectors grew on the basis of different employer-employee relationships, union strengths, political significance/influences, and attitudes toward taxation. 3. A reviewer pointed out that ''an enormous increase in the scope of information technology'' may bring about productivity growth in ''record-keeping and routine administration,'' which leads to questions about whether productivity growth in the public sector actually has been slow for the past few decades. Our investigation of this matter shows that productivity in the public-service sector steadily increased along with the manufacturing sector until the 1970s, but its upward trend flattened out since the mid-1980s; the manufacturing sector maintained a stunningly steady growth pattern. The productivity gap between the manufacturing and public sectors has greatly widened since the 1980s, especially in countries with highly competitive private manufacturing industries (for average and countryspecific trends of sectoral productivity, see Part A in the online supplement [http://asr.sagepub.com/ supplemental]). 4. For instance, in 1983, Swedish Metal Workers (Metall) decided to make separate agreements with their employers outside the conventional LO-SAF bargaining <ref type="bibr" coords="20,120.30,376.24,45.95,6.99" target="#b47">(Iversen 1996)</ref>. 5. In countries such as Canada and the United States (primarily in the 1980s), where wage bargaining institutions were not formalized, sectoral conflicts between the private and public sectors may have contributed to more frequent changes in the ruling party-from liberal to conservative-which, in turn, led to radical reductions in the welfare state and public-sector size in the interest of business and exacerbated distributional outcomes <ref type="bibr" coords="20,211.86,465.88,21.23,6.99;20,66.22,475.86,17.16,6.99" target="#b68">(Olsen 2002)</ref>. Because this political process model (as an intervening mechanism) through partisan politics is not universally observable beyond liberal countries (i.e., in continental European and Nordic countries, right-wing parties did not necessarily reduce welfare states, and left-wing parties did not necessarily protect welfare states, during times of economic crisis), we do not pursue this causal path as our main explanatory model. 6. The unemployed involved in this structural mismatch are predominantly male workers who are not likely to take jobs in women-dominant public services. This gender-based division may have contributed to the increasing sectoral conflicts between the private and public sectors.</p><p>7. Many neoclassical economists contend that higher income and corporate taxes to expand the public sector results in less profits and investment and more redundant workers in private sectors <ref type="bibr" coords="20,410.68,97.28,18.99,6.99;20,266.01,107.26,34.79,6.99" target="#b26">(Friedman 1979)</ref>. In turn, this leads to bigger burdens for the public sector because redundant workers must be absorbed by the public sector or supported by welfare state transfers. These scholars argue that this inefficiency eventually leads to a combination of government budget crises, higher unemployment, and lower economic growth. 8. A reviewer pointed out that as relative prices in the fast-growth sector fall, consumers will buy more products from the fast-growth sector and fewer products from the slow-growth sector. The lack of demand for services and goods from the public sector will eventually put governments under pressure to cut services or keep wages down. This mechanism of relative price-demand change may also contribute to governmental budget crises. 9. Under coordinated wage bargaining, firms in internationally competitive manufacturing industries suffer a shortage of skilled labor and a serious decline in workers' morale and commitment. For instance, Volvo and other leading firms with high productivity had severe absenteeism from the late 1970s <ref type="bibr" coords="20,286.99,326.46,54.52,6.99" target="#b70">(Pontusson 1992)</ref>. The decline in high-skilled workers' morale led employers in the high-tech, export-led industries to bring coordinated wage bargaining to an end <ref type="bibr" coords="20,329.55,356.34,43.87,6.99" target="#b0">(Ahlén 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,377.01,356.34,55.86,6.99;20,266.01,366.32,40.63,6.99" target="#b2">Alexopoulos and Cohen 2004)</ref>. 10. In this way, welfare states maintain all three policy goals-generous transfers, full employment, and budget restraint-but sacrifice the equality principle, the most essential policy goal for left-wing governments <ref type="bibr" coords="20,297.98,416.16,80.53,6.99" target="#b48">(Iversen and Wren 1998)</ref>. 11. Not all rich democracies follow this coordinated wage-bargaining route. Increases in income inequality in some rich democracies (e.g., liberal countries) are more attributable to the other causal route, the decline (or limit) in total employment capacity due to structural imbalance and government budget crises. 12. Tables S-B1 and S-B2 in the online supplement test the roles of two intervening theoretical links: coordinated wage bargaining and total employment capacity. <ref type="table" coords="20,296.57,525.75,36.53,6.99" target="#tab_1">Table S-B1</ref> shows the significant moderating effects of an increasing productivity gap on the linkage between public-sector employment and the level of wage bargaining and the linkage between public-sector employment and total employment capacity. <ref type="table" coords="20,296.73,575.54,24.32,6.99">Table S</ref>-B2 shows that both wage bargaining and total employment capacity have substantial negative effects on income inequality. 13. Our theoretical framework highlighting sectoral conflicts and ensuing wage flexibility within private sectors requires a measure that is more sensitive to change near the middle of the income distribution than at the tails. Therefore, we use the Gini rather than other common measures of income inequality such as the decile9/decile1 ratio. 14. The former aspect is critically important because one important causal link between public-sector employment and income inequality is the activation of a formerly nonactive labor force, which is not likely to be captured in wage inequality data. In addition, the exclusion of non-wage-earner asset holders at the highest level of the income bracket is another crucial drawback of wage inequality data, given that the recent upward income inequality trends in advanced industrial countries are attributable to this group's increasing share of wealth and income. 15. Out of a maximum 1,387 unbalanced observations for the 18 OECD countries, we selected 262 quality observations from 1970 to 2003 using a set of criteria for maximum coverage and consistency. After an additional reduction of the sample due to 23 cases missing values in the key independent variables, our analyses include an unbalanced total of 239 observations on 16 OECD countries from 1971 to 2003 (see Part C in the online supplement for descriptive statistics of income inequality before and after the list-wise deletion). 16. We introduce several indicator variables for different income sharing units to provide a conservative safeguard against potential bias resulting from the unmeasured unit effects of different income sources and from measurement errors. (Some of these indicator variables are automatically dropped from regression analyses using Stata 10, due to high multi-collinearity.) Introducing indicator variables is a conservative strategy because they absorb the effects of the main independent variables of which causal mechanisms are correlated with the different definitions of income sources. To resolve remaining skepticism about the quality of WIDER data regarding its mixture of different sources of inequality data <ref type="bibr" coords="21,86.97,485.84,55.77,6.99" target="#b3">(Atkinson 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,148.43,485.84,86.34,6.99;21,67.92,495.76,18.18,6.99" target="#b4">Atkinson and Brandolini 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,89.46,495.76,49.81,6.99" target="#b18">Cameron 2010)</ref>, we test our models on the subsample composed solely of cases with the same income definitions in terms of income sharing units and equivalence scale used (see <ref type="table" coords="21,189.63,525.70,24.50,6.99">Table S</ref>-B3 in the online supplement). The results show that our main model remains highly significant even with this smaller subsample (N = 181). 17. Because another conventional denominator-total labor force (or total employees)-is heavily influenced by female labor force participation (which tends to increase the numerator and denominator together), recent studies use working-age population as the denominator of total, sectoral, or government employment measures (see <ref type="bibr" coords="21,195.99,625.32,38.80,6.99;21,267.72,67.40,49.47,6.99">Huber and Stephens 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,319.75,67.40,44.20,6.99" target="#b47">Iversen 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,366.47,67.40,68.08,6.99;21,267.72,77.38,17.16,6.99">Scharpf and Schmidt 2000)</ref>. With this denominator, public-sector size in continental European countries, in which women's labor force participation is traditionally discouraged by culture and institutions, will be smaller than if we used total labor force or employees as the denominator. 18. Although employment size in the sector is not the most ideal measure of labor input, data with further adjustments made for part-time work and hours worked per worker are not available for all countries and years <ref type="bibr" coords="21,321.12,177.00,45.27,6.99">(OECD 2006)</ref>. Therefore, we use another OECD-recommended measure of industrylevel labor productivity, value added per person employed in a sector <ref type="bibr" coords="21,338.75,206.88,41.33,6.99">(OECD 2001</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="21,386.31,206.88,13.72,6.99">(OECD , 2006</ref>. 19. According to International Standard Industrial Classification (ISIC Rev. 3), this sector includes public administration and defense; compulsory social security; primary, secondary, higher, or other education; health or social work activities; other community, social, and personal service activities such as sewage and sanitation; membership organizations; activities of private households with employed persons; and extraterritorial organizations and bodies. Not all of these activities (e.g., private households with employed persons) are necessarily considered the public sector, but we assume these personal household-related activities, if underestimated, represent a miniscule fraction of the entire amount of value added in the sector (e.g., .6 percent in the United States in 2000 or not even measured at all in many other countries, being recorded as 0). 20. We tested other variables as controls: natural population increase, secondary school enrollment, income per capita (and its squared term), government expenditures, government consumption, total government social expenditures, social security transfers (instead of welfare generosity), and the size of the elderly population (over 65 years). These are mostly statistically nonsignificant, and our main theoretical model is not affected by including these additional controls. 21. We conducted a Hausman test to see if REM and FEM produce any systematic differences in their estimates of coefficients. Our test for the full model (Model 11) rejects the null hypothesis that there is no systematic difference (Chi-square [dif = 15] = 105.63 and Prob [.Chi-square] = .000), which suggests that FEM should be preferred. However, as results in the text and <ref type="table" coords="21,339.14,555.63,24.61,6.99">Table S</ref>-B4 in the online supplement show, there are few substantial differences in the effects of the main theoretical model across the two estimation strategies. 22. Because all three terms are significant, some might think it would be possible to interpret public-sector employment as a conditional factor and treat the productivity gap-income inequality relationship as the main causal link, but we do not develop such an interpretation. The productivity gap, when introduced alone in Model 5, is statistically nonsignificant. Therefore, the negative (significant) coefficients of the variable in the subsequent models should not be interpreted independently. They are significant only as a conditional factor that converts the effects of public-sector employment on income inequality from negative to less or non-negative; they merely contribute to the decreased size of the constant. 23. None of these minimum or maximum values are identified as influential outliers in our regression diagnostics based on Cook's D, DFITS, Welsch's W, or DFBETA <ref type="bibr" coords="22,122.51,206.83,110.60,6.99" target="#b7">(Belsley, Kuh, and Welsch 1980)</ref> (see Part E in the online supplement), which means the regression model fits these cases reasonably.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="12,51.31,366.34,182.28,8.42"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Over-Time Inequality Trajectories</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="16,76.45,157.47,4.55,5.47;16,76.45,139.71,4.55,5.47;16,76.45,121.92,4.55,5.47;16,76.45,104.15,4.55,5.47;16,76.45,86.26,4.55,5.47;16,76.45,68.49,4.55,5.47;16,68.22,124.53,4.55,8.75;16,68.22,99.91,4.55,23.25;16,83.88,165.87,2.74,4.55;16,112.74,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,142.98,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,173.21,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,203.44,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,233.68,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,131.24,172.01,57.72,4.55;16,129.34,180.41,74.82,4.55;16,129.34,191.55,51.29,4.55;16,129.34,185.70,75.37,4.55;16,305.66,180.41,72.07,4.55;16,305.66,191.55,51.28,4.55;16,305.66,185.70,73.44,4.55;16,252.96,158.33,4.55,5.47;16,252.96,140.53,4.55,5.47;16,252.96,122.73,4.55,5.47;16,252.96,104.94,4.55,5.47;16,252.96,87.14,4.55,5.47;16,252.96,69.34,4.55,5.47;16,247.18,124.70,4.55,8.75;16,247.18,100.08,4.55,23.25;16,260.41,165.87,2.74,4.55;16,289.26,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,319.48,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,349.69,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,379.91,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,410.13,165.87,5.47,4.55;16,316.84,171.98,57.72,4.55;16,76.22,305.56,4.55,4.38;16,76.22,284.96,4.55,4.38;16,76.22,265.17,4.55,2.74;16,76.22,244.56,4.55,2.74;16,76.22,223.95,4.55,2.74;16,68.22,296.33,4.55,18.87;16,68.22,282.37,4.55,12.59;16,68.22,276.90,4.55,4.11;16,68.22,262.13,4.55,13.40;16,68.22,246.54,4.55,14.22;16,68.22,217.82,4.55,27.35;16,85.12,314.14,2.74,4.55;16,122.44,314.14,2.74,4.55;16,159.66,314.14,2.74,4.55;16,196.88,314.14,2.74,4.55;16,234.20,314.14,2.74,4.55;16,126.21,320.06,68.66,4.55;16,121.20,329.39,97.38,4.55;16,121.20,335.66,53.62,4.55;16,253.33,305.97,4.55,4.37;16,253.33,285.25,4.55,4.38;16,253.33,265.34,4.55,2.74;16,253.33,244.61,4.55,2.74;16,253.33,223.89,4.55,2.74;16,244.72,297.90,4.63,19.17;16,244.72,283.72,4.63,12.79;16,244.72,278.16,4.63,4.17;16,244.72,263.16,4.63,13.62;16,244.72,247.32,4.63,14.45;16,244.72,218.28,4.63,27.65;16,261.39,314.50,2.74,4.55;16,298.88,314.50,2.74,4.55;16,336.27,314.50,2.74,4.55;16,373.66,314.50,2.74,4.55;16,411.15,314.50,2.74,4.55;16,303.13,320.59,68.66,4.55;16,297.83,329.93,97.58,4.55;16,297.83,336.22,53.82,4.55;16,87.78,204.52,313.86,4.63;16,123.10,347.12,234.27,4.63"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Lines Predicting Income Inequality from Public-Sector Employment, Conditioned by Different Levels of Productivity Differences 3-2 Marginal Effect of Public-Sector Employment on Income Inequality as Productivity Difference Changes</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="16,51.31,371.50,182.50,8.42"><head>Figure 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Figure 3. Presentation of Interaction Effects</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,51.31,70.92,381.56,264.71"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Figure 1. Three-Stage Process: Increasing Productivity Gap, Decline in Total Employment and Wage Bargaining, and Increased Income Inequality in Advanced Industrial Democracies a All nations do not follow the stages of wage bargaining; some countries (e.g., liberal countries) lack such institutions. b With an increasing productivity gap, wage restraint in manufacturing sectors, and a wage increase in public sectors. c A wage increase in manufacturing sectors, but relative wage restraint in public sectors.</figDesc><table coords="4,68.81,70.92,345.43,172.93">Stage I 
Stage II 
Stage III 

Sectors 
Private 
Manufacturing 

Public 
Service 

Private 
Manufacturing 

Public 
Service 

Private 
Manufacturing 

Public 
Service 

Productivity 
Gap 
Low 
Increasing 
High 

Total 
Employment 
High 
Stagnant 
Stagnant/Decreasing 

Wage 
Bargaining a 

Coordinated 
Wage 
Bargaining 

Terms 
Set Up 
Follow 
Bargaining 
Results in 

Manufacturing 
Sectors 

Wage 
Restraint 
due to 
Intensified 
Competitions 

Conflicts 
Wage 
Increase 
Based on 
Strong 
Bargaining 
Power 

Industry or 
Firm-Level 
Wage 
Bargaining 

Conflicts 

Wage 
Restraint 
due to 
Government 
Budget 
Crisis 

→ 
← → 
←→ 

Between-
Sector 
Inequality 

Low 
High b 
Low c 

Within-
Sector 
Inequality 

Low 
Low 
Low 
Low 
High 
High 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="13,53.01,68.93,369.00,61.97"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Over-Time Changes in the Average Values of the Key Variables by Decades</figDesc><table coords="13,100.35,87.87,321.66,43.03">Income 
Inequality (Gini) a 

Public-Sector 
Employment b 

Sectoral 
Productivity Gap c 

Country 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="13,53.01,113.50,381.62,236.34"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Note: All figures are average values of available observations for correspondingperiods, 1971 to 1982,  1983 to 1992, and 1993 to 2003.    Gini based on post-tax, post-transfer (disposable) income. Different sources of income definitions are not adjusted.</figDesc><table coords="13,53.01,113.50,381.62,236.34">to 
2003 

Nordic 
Sweden 
20.1 
21.4 
26.1 
24.1 
27.2 
23.4 
1.35 
1.63 
1.89 
Norway 
28.9 
24.2 
27.7 
16.8 
20.6 
23.4 
1.30 
1.43 
1.51 
Finland 
21.0 
20.0 
23.4 
13.6 
17.0 
16.5 
1.37 
1.42 
1.81 
Denmark 
23.9 
22.3 
21.6 
20.9 
22.7 
23.3 
1.05 
1.18 
1.27 
Continental Belgium 
23.2 
28.3 
11.2 
11.0 
1.47 
1.64 
Netherlands 
24.5 
25.3 
26.5 
8.6 
8.3 
8.1 
1.11 
1.46 
1.60 
Italy 
31.1 
31.3 
8.9 
9.1 
1.34 
1.32 
Austria 
26.7 
14.1 
1.22 
France 
31.6 
32.8 
28.9 
12.4 
13.5 
14.2 
1.47 
1.57 
1.63 
Germany 
30.1 
27.2 
27.3 
9.2 
9.9 
9.6 
1.07 
1.28 
1.30 
Liberal 
UK 
24.9 
30.5 
32.2 
18.5 
15.8 
13.0 
1.27 
1.61 
1.69 
US 
35.1 
37.3 
39.7 
10.6 
10.9 
11.1 
1.53 
1.57 
1.78 
New Zealand 
31.3 
33.7 
9.4 
8.7 
1.44 
1.52 
Canada 
31.2 
28.6 
29.4 
14.6 
14.6 
13.6 
1.21 
1.39 
1.74 
Australia 
31.0 
33.0 
29.8 
10.7 
11.4 
10.0 
.97 
1.27 
1.39 
Ireland 
31.9 
8.3 
2.56 

a 

b 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="14,51.27,68.93,381.57,311.68"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Unstandardized Coefficients from the Fixed Effects Models of Income Inequality (the Gini) on Selected Independent Variables: 16 Countries, 1971 to 2003</figDesc><table coords="14,51.27,98.03,381.57,282.58">Model 1 

Model 2 
(1971 to 1992) 

Model 3 
(1993 to 2003) Model 4 Model 5 Model 6 

Decade Indicator 1983 to 1992 
1.217 
1.699 
-1.410 
.499 
.568 
(3.18)** 
(4.22)** 
(1.04) 
(.99) 
(1.26) 
Decade Indicator 1993 to 2003 
2.551 
-1.562 
2.032 
1.749 
(6.28)** 
(1.08) 
(3.16)** (3.09)** 
Unit of Analysis -Family 
2.240 
1.300 
1.242 
2.795 
.909 
(2.58)* 
(.94) 
(1.35) 
(2.86)** (1.00) 
Unit of Analysis -Household 
3.237 
.880 
5.378 
2.584 
.496 
3.253 
(3.23)** 
(.66) 
(2.92)** 
(2.54)* 
(.47) 
(3.34)** 
Equivalence Scale -Household 
.896 
1.175 
-.148 
-.558 
1.777 
-.433 
(1.19) 
(.92) 
(.13) 
(.62) 
(2.12)* 
(.54) 
Equivalence Scale -Household per Capita 
3.281 
2.446 
3.584 
3.193 
3.501 
3.171 
(5.96)** 
(3.12)** 
(2.25)* 
(5.89)** (5.66)** (5.91)** 
Income Definition -Monetary Income 
1.328 
2.625 
.051 
.995 
.968 
1.136 
(2.06)* 
(3.29)** 
(.03) 
(1.53) 
(1.34) 
(1.80) 
Public-Sector Employment 
-.728 
-1.018 
.489 
-.902 
-1.551 
(7.72)** 
(7.67)** 
(1.17) 
(7.87)** 
(6.55)** 
Productivity Gap 
2.022 
-6.839 
(1.76) 
(3.02)** 
Interaction Term 
.556 
Public Sector 3 Productivity Gap 
(3.83)** 
Interaction Term 
.151 
Public Sector 3 Decade 1983 to 1992 
(2.00)* 
Interaction Term 
.262 
Public Sector 3 Decade 1993 to 2003 
(3.00)** 
Constant 
35.304 
40.278 
21.063 
39.514 
21.080 
47.194 
(21.40)** 
(17.78)** 
(3.24)** 
(18.00)** (13.70)** (11.63)** 
Total Observations 
239 
120 
119 
239 
239 
239 
Number of Countries 
16 
14 
16 
16 
16 
16 
R-squared 
.48 
.48 
.20 
.51 
.35 
.52 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="17,52.98,68.93,381.54,552.79"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Unstandardized Coefficients from the Fixed Effects Models of Income Inequality (the Gini) on Selected Independent Variables: 16 Countries, 1971 to 2003</figDesc><table coords="17,52.98,98.36,381.54,523.35">Model 7 
Model 8 
Model 9 Model 10 Model 11 

Decade Indicator 1983 to 1992 
.392 
.484 
.713 
.365 
.822 
(.66) 
(.81) 
(1.19) 
(.61) 
(1.42) 
Decade Indicator 1993 to 2003 
.763 
.768 
.743 
.743 
.945 
(.90) 
(.91) 
(.86) 
(.89) 
(1.18) 
Unit of Analysis -Family 
-.151 
-.315 
-.387 
.776 
.482 
(.16) 
(.32) 
(.42) 
(.77) 
(.50) 
Unit of Analysis -Household 
3.328 
3.444 
3.216 
2.778 
2.791 
(3.49)** 
(3.47)** 
(3.40)** 
(2.92)** 
(3.05)** 
Equivalence Scale -Household 
-2.810 
-3.043 
-3.892 
-2.462 
-3.805 
(3.07)** 
(2.96)** 
(4.15)** 
(2.65)** 
(4.05)** 
Equivalence Scale -Household per Capita 
3.409 
3.545 
3.716 
3.468 
3.878 
(6.58)** 
(6.38)** 
(7.25)** 
(6.78)** 
(7.73)** 
Income Definition -Monetary Income 
.719 
.608 
.821 
.520 
.575 
(1.17) 
(.93) 
(1.36) 
(.86) 
(.98) 
Public-Sector Employment 
-1.337 
-1.404 
-1.208 
-1.230 
-1.126 
(5.17)** 
(5.35)** 
(4.76)** 
(4.79)** 
(4.44)** 
Productivity Gap 
-7.277 
-7.575 
-7.553 
-6.366 
-6.140 
(3.07)** 
(3.10)** 
(3.13)** 
(2.72)** 
(2.72)** 
Interaction Term 
.510 
.540 
.520 
.453 
.442 
Public Sector 3 Productivity Gap 
(3.41)** 
(3.48)** 
(3.39)** 
(3.04)** 
(3.05)** 
Labor Force in Agriculture 
-.002 
-.002 
-.001 
-.002 
-.002 
(1.59) 
(1.79) 
(1.35) 
(1.61) 
(1.51) 
Sector Dualism 
86.409 
102.841 
84.327 
104.080 
118.956 
(2.68)** 
(3.01)** 
(2.67)** 
(3.22)** 
(3.55)** 
Labor Force in Financial Sector 
57.274 
52.087 
67.608 
38.167 
46.468 
(2.87)** 
(2.25)* 
(3.45)** 
(1.64) 
(2.05)* 
Unemployment Rate 
-.070 
-.081 
-.025 
-.114 
-.091 
(1.14) 
(1.31) 
(.41) 
(1.68) 
(1.29) 
Female Labor Force Participation 
-.160 
-.166 
-.149 
-.138 
-.122 
(2.54)* 
(2.62)** 
(2.39)* 
(2.20)* 
(2.01)* 
Left-Party Cabinet Share (Cumulative) 
.007 
(.08) 
Christian Democratic Party Cabinet 
Share (Cumulative) 

.161 
(1.49) 

.152 
(1.35) 
Union Density 
-3.553 
(.79) 
Decommodification 
-.259 
-.270 
(3.69)** 
(3.80)** 
Net Migration Rate 
.089 
.080 
(1.21) 
(1.07) 
FDI per Capita (log 10) 
-.098 
-.120 
(.15) 
(.19) 
Southern Import Penetration 
-.165 
-13.015 
(.01) 
(.63) 
Financial Openness 
.663 
.769 
(3.09)** 
(3.65)** 
Constant 
52.891 
53.853 
58.522 
50.357 
54.101 
(10.79)** 
(10.88)** (10.30)** (10.30)** 
(11.36)** 
Total Observations 
239 
239 
239 
239 
239 
Number of Countries 
16 
16 
16 
16 
16 
R-squared 
.57 
.58 
.60 
.60 
.63 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">. For example, in Sweden until the mid-1960s, Tjänstemännens Centralorganisation-Swedish Confederation of Professional Employees (TCO) and Sverigers Akademikes Centraloganisation-Swedish Confederation of Professional Association (SACO) accepted the rate of wage increase determined by bargaining between Landsorganisationen-Swedish Trade Union Confederation (LO) and Svenska arbetsgivareföreningen-Swedish Employer Association (SAF) as the reference point for their own rate of wage increase<ref type="bibr" coords="19,325.38,631.23,77.36,6.99" target="#b31">(Gourevitch et al. 1984)</ref>.</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank Art Alderson, Jason Beckfield, David Brady, Alexander Hicks, Stephanie Moller, Jong-Hee Park, and several anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Notes</head></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Copyright of American Sociological Review is the property of American Sociological Association and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,276.72,181.77,6.99;22,63.27,286.69,169.85,6.99;22,63.27,296.67,169.84,6.99;22,63.27,306.65,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Swedish Collective Bargaining Under Pressure: Inter-Union Rivalry and Income Policies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristina</forename><surname>Ahlén</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Industrial Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="330" to="376" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,316.16,181.78,8.23;22,63.27,326.55,169.81,6.99;22,63.27,336.53,169.83,6.99;22,63.27,346.51,87.17,6.99" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Globalization and the Great U-Turn: Income Inequality Trends in 16 OECD Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arthur</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Alderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Franc Xois Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1244" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,356.43,181.75,6.99;22,63.27,366.41,169.82,6.99;22,63.27,376.39,169.84,6.99;22,63.27,386.31,169.85,6.99;22,63.27,396.29,169.87,6.99;22,63.27,406.27,167.91,6.99;22,63.27,416.25,55.68,6.99" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lessons from the Past: What Can We Learn from the History of Centralized Wage Bargaining?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michelle</forename><surname>Alexopoulos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.riksbanken.eu/pagefolders/15932/ER04_01.pdf#page=62" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Sveriges Riksbank Economic Review. Stockholm: Lars Heikensten, Governor of Sveriges Riksbank</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="92" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,426.17,181.81,6.99;22,63.27,436.15,169.85,6.99;22,63.27,446.13,92.57,6.99" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Luxembourg Income Study (LIS): Past, Present and Future</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Atkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Socio-Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,456.11,181.78,6.99;22,63.27,466.03,169.77,6.99;22,63.27,476.01,169.81,6.99;22,63.27,485.99,169.83,6.99;22,63.27,495.97,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Promise and Pitfalls in the Use of &apos;Secondary&apos; Data-Sets: Income Inequality in OECD Countries as a Case Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Atkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrea</forename><surname>Brandolini</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Literature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="771" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,505.89,181.82,6.99;22,63.27,515.87,169.80,6.99;22,63.27,525.85,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Macroeconomics of Unbalanced Growth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Baumol</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="415" to="441" />
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,535.77,181.78,6.99;22,63.27,545.75,169.80,6.99;22,63.27,555.73,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">European Integration and Income Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><surname>Beckfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="964" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,565.71,181.75,6.99;22,63.27,575.63,169.82,6.99;22,63.27,585.61,169.85,6.99;22,63.27,595.59,48.55,6.99" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Regression Diagnostics: Identifying Influential Data and Sources of Collinearity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Belsley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edwin</forename><surname>Kuh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roy</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Welsch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>John Wiley &amp; Sons</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,51.31,605.57,181.82,6.99;22,63.27,615.49,169.85,6.99;22,63.27,625.47,169.82,6.99;22,263.00,67.38,169.86,6.99;22,263.00,77.36,169.86,6.99;22,263.00,87.33,139.95,6.99" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sweden and Denmark: Defending the Welfare State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mats</forename><surname>Benner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Torben</forename><surname>Bundgaard Vad</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Welfare and Work in the Open Economy</title>
		<editor>F. W. Scharpf and V. A. Schmidt</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">II</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="399" to="466" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Diverse Responses to Common Challenges</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,97.26,181.82,6.99;22,262.99,107.24,119.71,6.99" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jagdish</forename><surname>Bhagwati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Defense of Globalization</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.02,117.22,181.83,6.99;22,262.99,127.14,169.84,6.99;22,262.99,137.12,169.86,6.99;22,262.99,147.10,29.89,6.99" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Public/Private Sector Cleavage in North America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andre</forename><surname>Blais</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Blake</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephane</forename><surname>Dion</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Political Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="381" to="403" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.02,157.07,181.80,6.99;22,262.99,167.00,169.85,6.99;22,262.99,176.98,65.51,6.99" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Ruling Class Does not Rule: Notes on the Marxist Theory of the State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fred</forename><surname>Block</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Socialist Revolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,186.95,181.80,6.99;22,263.00,196.93,169.88,6.99;22,263.00,206.86,169.82,6.99;22,263.00,216.83,55.08,6.99" xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Political Parties, Growth, and Equality: Conservative and Social Democratic Strategies in the World Economy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carles</forename><surname>Boix</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,226.81,181.79,6.99;22,263.00,236.32,169.85,8.23;22,263.00,246.72,169.80,6.99;22,263.00,256.69,111.76,6.99" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Distribution and Redistribution in Postindustrial Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evelyne</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephanie</forename><surname>Moller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Franc Xois Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="228" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,266.67,181.76,6.99;22,263.00,276.60,169.88,6.99;22,263.00,286.57,113.01,6.99;22,251.04,296.55,181.81,6.99;22,263.00,306.53,169.82,6.99;22,263.00,316.45,32.92,6.99" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Welfare State and Relative Poverty in Rich Western Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Brady</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Forces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1329" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Rich Democracies, Poor People: How Politics Explain Poverty</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.04,326.43,181.82,6.99;22,263.00,336.41,169.85,6.99;22,263.00,346.39,169.85,6.99;22,263.00,356.31,32.13,6.99" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding Interaction Models: Improving Empirical Analyses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Brambor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">Roberts</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matt</forename><surname>Golder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="63" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.04,366.29,181.78,6.99;22,263.00,376.27,169.84,6.99;22,263.00,386.19,169.84,6.99" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Why Welfare States Persist: The Importance of Public Opinion in Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clem</forename><surname>Brooks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeff</forename><surname>Manza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.04,396.17,181.79,6.99;22,263.00,406.15,169.85,7.00;22,263.00,416.07,169.83,7.06;22,263.00,425.99,86.68,6.99" xml:id="b17">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Globaphobia: Confronting Fears about Open Trade</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Burtless</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Gary</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lawrence</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Robert</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Litan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Brookings Institution</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.04,435.97,181.82,6.99;22,263.00,445.95,169.83,6.99;22,263.00,455.93,169.85,6.99;22,263.00,465.85,169.81,6.99;22,263.00,475.83,169.87,6.99;22,263.00,485.81,82.59,6.99;22,251.04,495.73,181.80,6.99;22,262.99,505.71,169.84,6.99;22,262.99,515.69,169.89,6.99;22,262.99,525.67,59.28,6.99" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Democracy, Corporatism, Labor Quiescence, and the Representation of Economic Interest in Advanced Capitalist Society.&apos;&apos; Pp. 143-78 in Order and Conflict in Contemporary Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Cameron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Politics</title>
		<editor>Vicki L. Birchfield</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="696" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Clarendon Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>A Book Review of Income Inequality in Capitalist Democracies: The Interplay of Values and Institutions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,535.59,181.82,6.99;22,262.99,545.57,169.83,6.99;22,262.99,555.55,115.84,6.99" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Labour Market Institutions and Income Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniele</forename><surname>Checchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cecilia</forename><surname>Garcia-Penalosa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="601" to="649" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="22,251.03,565.52,181.82,6.99;22,262.99,575.45,169.85,6.99;22,262.99,585.43,169.81,6.99;22,262.99,595.40,73.81,6.99;22,251.03,605.33,181.82,6.99;22,262.99,615.31,169.85,6.99;22,262.99,625.28,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What Matters for Financial Development? Capital Controls, Institutions, and Interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Menzie</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Chinn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hiro</forename><surname>Ito</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Comparative Policy Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="322" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Development Economics</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.01,67.35,181.74,6.99;23,64.92,77.33,169.86,6.99;23,64.92,87.31,105.33,6.99" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Unpublished data provided by World Bank based on unit record data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Klaus</forename><surname>Deininger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lyn</forename><surname>Squire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.01,97.23,181.79,6.99;23,64.92,107.21,169.89,6.99;23,64.92,117.19,135.12,6.99" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Radicalism, Radicalization and Recession: Britain in the 1980s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Edgell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vic</forename><surname>Duke</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The British Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="512" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.02,127.11,181.80,6.99;23,64.92,137.09,169.86,6.99;23,64.92,147.07,18.75,6.99;23,53.01,157.04,181.74,6.99;23,64.91,166.97,148.34,6.99" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Three Worlds of Welfare Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gøsta</forename><surname>Esping-Andersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Social Foundations of Postindustrial Economies</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Princeton; Oxford</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,176.95,181.81,6.99;23,64.91,186.93,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,196.90,169.89,6.99;23,64.91,206.83,169.85,6.99;23,64.91,216.81,169.88,6.99;23,64.91,226.78,169.87,6.99;23,64.91,236.71,55.15,6.99" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social Protection and the Formation of Skills: A Reinterpretation of the Welfare State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margarita</forename><surname>Estevez-Abe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Torben</forename><surname>Iversen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Soskice</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Varieties of Capitalism: The Institutional Foundations of Comparative Advantage</title>
		<editor>P. Hall and D. Soskice</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="83" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,246.69,181.73,6.99;23,64.91,256.66,169.87,6.99;23,64.91,266.64,126.30,6.99" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Labor Movements, Employers, and the State: Conflict and Co-operation in Britain and Sweden</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Flucher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Clarendon Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,276.57,181.80,6.99;23,64.90,286.54,150.91,6.99" xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Employment Outlook and Insights. Geneva: International Labour Office</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Friedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,296.52,181.72,6.99;23,64.91,306.50,169.89,6.99;23,64.91,316.42,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,326.40,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,336.38,145.56,6.99" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Future of the Intelligentsia under Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bengt</forename><surname>Furåker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">in Intellectuals, Universities, and the State in Western Modern Societies</title>
		<editor>R. Eyerman, L. Svensson, and T</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Berkeley</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of California Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="94" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,346.36,181.81,6.99;23,64.91,356.28,166.65,6.99" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Partisan Politics in the Global Economy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Geoffrey</forename><surname>Garrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,366.26,181.74,6.99;23,64.91,376.24,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,386.16,169.88,6.99;23,64.91,396.14,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,406.12,169.88,6.99;23,53.00,416.10,181.78,6.99;23,64.91,426.02,169.96,6.99;23,64.91,436.00,169.88,6.99;23,64.91,445.98,57.71,6.99" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Union Centralization among Advanced Industrial Societies: Update to</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Geoffrey</forename><surname>Garrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Way</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.golden.polisci.ucla.edu/" />
		<editor>T. Iversen, J. Pontusson, and D. Soskice</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="89" />
			<pubPlace>New York; Golden, Miriam and Michael Wallerstein</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Public Sector Unions, Corporatism, and Wage Determination</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,455.96,181.78,6.99;23,64.91,465.88,169.88,6.99;23,64.91,475.86,169.83,6.99;23,64.91,485.84,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross National Comparisons of Earnings and Income Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Gottschalk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Timothy</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Smeeding</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Literature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="633" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,495.76,181.76,6.99;23,64.91,505.74,169.98,6.99;23,64.91,515.72,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,525.70,169.40,6.99" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Unions and Economic Crisis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Gourevitch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><surname>Ross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Bornstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrei</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Allen &amp; Unwin</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Britain, West Germany and Sweden. London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,535.62,181.78,6.99;23,64.91,545.60,127.73,6.99" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Greene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Econometric Analysis</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>NJ</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Prentice-Hall</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>4th ed. Upper Saddle River</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,555.58,181.78,6.99;23,64.91,565.56,169.83,6.99;23,64.91,575.48,169.84,6.99;23,64.91,585.46,44.08,6.99" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Financial Development, Growth, and the Distribution of Income</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeremy</forename><surname>Greenwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Boyan</forename><surname>Jovanovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1076" to="107" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,53.00,595.44,181.76,6.99;23,64.91,605.36,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,615.34,169.86,6.99;23,64.91,625.32,108.64,6.99" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In Search of Smoking Guns: What Makes Income Inequality Vary over Time in Different Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bjorn</forename><surname>Gustaffson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mats</forename><surname>Johansson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="585" to="605" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.73,67.40,181.78,6.99;23,264.70,77.38,169.84,6.99;23,264.70,87.36,70.30,6.99" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Panel Models in Sociological Research: Theory into Practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Halaby</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="507" to="551" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.73,97.28,181.81,6.99;23,264.70,107.26,169.80,6.99;23,264.70,117.24,169.75,6.99;23,264.70,127.16,169.83,6.99;23,264.70,137.14,140.47,6.99" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An Introduction to Varieties of Capitalism.&apos;&apos; Pp. 1-68 in Varieties of Capitalism: The Institutional Foundations of Comparative Advantage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Soskice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>P. Hall and D. Soskice</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.73,147.12,181.79,6.99;23,264.70,157.10,169.81,6.99;23,264.70,167.02,169.83,6.99;23,264.70,177.00,28.14,6.99" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Conflict to Coordination: Economic Governance and Political Innovation in Ireland</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Niamh</forename><surname>Hardiman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">West European Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.73,186.98,181.77,6.99;23,264.70,196.96,169.86,6.99;23,264.70,206.81,106.22,7.06" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social Democracy and Welfare Capitalism: A Century of Income Security Policies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><surname>Hicks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Cornell University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Ithaca</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.74,216.79,181.81,6.99;23,264.70,226.77,169.81,6.99;23,264.70,236.69,169.84,6.99;23,264.70,246.67,78.27,6.99" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cooperation and Political Economic Performance in Affluent Democratic Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><surname>Hicks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lane</forename><surname>Kenworthy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1631" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.74,256.65,181.82,6.99;23,264.70,266.63,169.81,6.99;23,264.70,276.55,134.43,6.99" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Governmental Redistribution in Rich Capitalist Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><surname>Hicks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Duane</forename><surname>Swank</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Policy Studies Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="265" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.74,286.53,181.80,6.99;23,264.71,296.51,93.30,6.99" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Analysis of Panel Data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cheng</forename><surname>Hsiao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.74,306.49,181.80,6.99;23,264.71,316.41,169.81,6.99;23,264.71,326.39,169.83,6.99;23,264.71,336.37,169.84,6.99;23,264.71,346.35,49.45,6.99" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Comparative Welfare States Data Set</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evelyne</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Ragin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Brady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jason</forename><surname>Beckfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Northwestern University, University of North Carolina, Duke University, and Indiana University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.74,356.27,181.77,6.99;23,264.71,366.25,169.82,6.99;23,264.71,376.23,169.82,6.99;23,264.71,386.15,61.91,6.99" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Partisan Governance, Women&apos;s Employment, and the Social Democratic Service State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evelyne</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="323" to="365" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,396.13,181.78,6.99;23,264.72,406.11,169.87,6.99;23,264.72,416.09,113.70,6.99" xml:id="b44">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Development and Crisis of the Welfare State: Parties and Policies in Global Markets</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,426.01,181.78,6.99;23,264.72,435.99,169.81,6.99;23,264.72,445.97,91.16,6.99" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Globalisation and Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrew</forename><surname>Hurrell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ngaire</forename><surname>Woods</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of International Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="447" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,455.95,181.81,6.99;23,264.72,465.87,169.84,6.99;23,264.72,475.85,32.03,6.99" xml:id="b46">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Various Years. Balance of Payments Statistics Yearbook</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>IMF</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>International Monetary Fund (IMF)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,485.83,181.80,6.99;23,264.72,495.75,169.82,6.99;23,264.72,505.73,169.85,6.99;23,264.72,515.71,147.25,6.99;23,252.75,525.69,181.82,6.99;23,264.72,535.61,118.64,6.99;23,252.75,545.59,181.82,6.99;23,264.72,555.57,133.72,6.99" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Power, Flexibility, and the Breakdown of Centralized Wage Bargaining: The Cases of Denmark and Sweden in Comparative Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Torben</forename><surname>Iversen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Capitalism, Democracy, and Welfare</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge; Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="399" to="436" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Contested Economic Institutions</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,565.55,181.78,6.99;23,264.72,575.47,169.82,6.99;23,264.72,585.45,169.83,6.99;23,264.72,595.43,40.10,6.99" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Equality, Employment and Budgetary Restraint: The Trilemma of the Service Economy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Torben</forename><surname>Iversen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anne</forename><surname>Wren</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="507" to="546" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="23,252.75,605.35,181.79,6.99;23,264.72,615.33,169.85,6.99;23,264.72,625.31,59.66,6.99" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural Unemployment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Jackman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Roper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.31,67.35,181.78,6.99;24,63.27,77.33,169.84,6.99;24,63.27,87.31,87.55,6.99;24,51.31,97.23,181.78,6.99;24,63.27,107.21,43.13,6.99;24,51.31,117.19,181.79,6.99;24,63.27,127.11,169.82,6.99;24,63.27,137.09,169.80,6.99;24,63.27,147.07,169.82,6.99;24,63.27,157.04,160.14,6.99" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Institutions, Wealth and Inequality.&apos;&apos; Pp. 399-420 in Oxford Handbook of Comparative Institutional Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lane</forename><surname>Kenworthy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Crouch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Pedersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Whitley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Jobs with Equality. Oxford: Oxford University Press</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1119" to="1158" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Do Social-Welfare Policies Reduce Poverty? A Cross-National Assessment</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.31,166.97,181.76,6.99;24,63.27,176.95,169.81,6.99;24,63.27,186.93,165.92,6.99" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rising Inequality and the Politics of Redistribution in Affluent Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lane</forename><surname>Kenworthy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonas</forename><surname>Pontusson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.31,196.90,181.75,6.99;24,63.27,206.83,169.77,6.99;24,63.27,216.81,169.83,6.99;24,63.27,226.78,169.79,6.99;24,63.27,236.71,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Paradox of Redistribution and Strategies of Equality: Welfare State Institutions, Inequality, and Poverty in the Western Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Walter</forename><surname>Korpi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joakim</forename><surname>Palme</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="661" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.31,246.69,181.80,6.99;24,63.27,256.66,164.21,6.99" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Economic Growth and Income Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Simon</forename><surname>Kuznets</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="1955" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,266.64,181.78,6.99;24,63.28,276.57,169.81,6.99;24,63.28,286.54,169.80,6.99;24,63.28,296.52,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Politics of the Canadian New Middle Class: Public/Private Sector Cleavage in the 1980s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tom</forename><surname>Langford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,306.50,181.76,6.99;24,63.28,316.42,169.82,6.99;24,63.28,326.40,169.82,6.99;24,63.28,336.38,32.92,6.99" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Unemployment: Macroeconomic Performance and the Labour Market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Layard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephen</forename><surname>Nickell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Jackman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,346.36,181.78,6.99;24,63.28,356.28,169.84,6.99;24,63.28,366.26,169.83,6.99;24,63.28,376.24,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Explaining International and Intertemporal Variations in Income Inequality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hongyi</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lyn</forename><surname>Squire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Heng-Fu</forename><surname>Zou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="26" to="43" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,386.16,181.77,6.99;24,63.28,396.14,169.84,6.99;24,63.28,406.12,169.84,6.99;24,63.28,416.10,140.44,6.99" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Economic Globalization, Domestic Politics, and Income Inequality in the Developed Countries: A Cross-National Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Vincent</forename><surname>Mahler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Political Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1025" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,426.02,181.78,6.99;24,63.28,436.00,169.81,6.99;24,63.28,445.98,169.82,6.99;24,63.28,455.96,169.82,6.99;24,63.28,465.88,57.93,6.99" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of Relative Poverty in Advanced Capitalist Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephanie</forename><surname>Moller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Evelyne</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francois</forename><surname>Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="22" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,475.45,181.79,8.23;24,63.29,485.84,169.80,6.99;24,63.29,495.76,104.60,6.99" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Income Inequality and Industrial Development: Dualism Revisited</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Franc</forename><surname>Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Xois</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="654" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,505.33,181.78,8.23;24,63.29,515.72,169.81,6.99;24,63.29,525.70,169.84,6.99;24,63.29,535.62,142.26,6.99" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Income Inequality, Development, and Dualism: Results from an Unbalanced Cross-National Panel</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Franc</forename><surname>Nielsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arthur</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Xois</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Alderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="674" to="701" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,51.32,545.60,181.82,6.99;24,63.28,555.58,99.08,6.99;24,51.32,565.56,181.74,6.99;24,63.28,575.48,169.86,6.99;24,63.28,585.46,47.11,6.99;24,51.32,595.44,181.79,6.99;24,63.28,605.36,169.83,6.99;24,63.28,615.34,169.75,6.99;24,63.28,625.32,59.35,6.99" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;connor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/4/22/37574961.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Measuring Productivity-OECD Manual: Measurement of Aggregate and Industry-level Productivity Growth</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York; Paris</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>St. Martin&apos;s Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Fiscal Crisis of the State</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.05,67.40,181.85,6.99;24,263.00,77.38,96.40,6.99" xml:id="b62">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Labor Force Statistics</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.sourceoecd.org/" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,87.36,181.83,6.99;24,263.00,97.28,169.85,6.99;24,263.00,107.26,50.17,6.99" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/5/30/40729523.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">OECD STAN Industry</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,117.24,181.81,6.99;24,263.00,127.16,169.76,6.99;24,263.00,137.14,33.20,6.99" xml:id="b64">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/4/22/37574961.pdf" />
		<title level="m">OECD Compendium of Productivity Indicators</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,147.12,181.82,6.99;24,263.01,157.10,74.58,6.99" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="http://www.sourceoecd.org/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">OECD Health Data</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.05,167.02,181.79,6.99;24,263.01,177.00,114.99,6.99" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="http://www.sourceoecd.org/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">OECD Economic Outlook Database</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.05,186.98,181.82,6.99;24,263.00,196.96,143.97,6.99" xml:id="b67">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.sourceoecd.org/" />
		<title level="m">OECD International Trade by Commodities Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,206.81,181.83,7.06;24,263.00,216.79,169.85,6.99;24,263.00,226.77,80.76,6.99" xml:id="b68">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Politics of the Welfare State: Canada, Sweden, and the United States</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gregg</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Olsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,236.69,181.80,6.99;24,263.00,246.67,111.34,6.99" xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The New Politics of the Welfare State</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Pierson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,256.65,181.82,6.99;24,263.00,266.63,133.99,6.99" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">At the End of the Third Road</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonas</forename><surname>Pontusson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Politics and Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="332" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,276.55,181.80,6.99;24,263.01,286.53,169.86,6.99;24,263.01,296.51,169.88,6.99;24,263.01,306.49,169.85,6.99;24,263.01,316.41,97.53,6.99" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative Political Economy of Wage Distribution: The Role of Partisanship and Labour Market Institutions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonas</forename><surname>Pontusson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Rueda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Way</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="281" to="308" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,326.39,181.78,6.99;24,263.01,336.37,169.80,6.99;24,263.01,346.35,169.82,6.99;24,263.01,356.27,169.87,6.99;24,263.01,366.25,61.85,6.99" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Labor Markets, Production Strategies, and Wage Bargaining Institutions: The Swedish Employer Offensive in Comparative Perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonas</forename><surname>Pontusson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Swenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Political Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,376.23,181.81,6.99;24,263.01,386.15,169.81,6.99;24,263.01,396.13,37.50,6.99" xml:id="b73">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Has Globalization Gone Too Far?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dani</forename><surname>Rodrik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Institute for International Economics</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,406.11,181.80,6.99;24,263.01,416.09,169.85,6.99;24,263.01,426.01,52.16,6.99" xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Wage Inequality and Varieties of Capitalism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Rueda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonas</forename><surname>Pontusson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">52</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="350" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,435.99,181.83,6.99;24,263.01,445.97,169.85,6.99;24,263.01,455.95,169.84,6.99;24,263.01,465.87,80.76,6.99" xml:id="b75">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Welfare and Work in the Open Economy</title>
		<editor>Scharpf, Fritz W. and Vivien A. Schmidt</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="volume">I</biblScope>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,475.85,181.81,6.99;24,263.00,485.83,169.87,6.99;24,263.00,495.75,169.82,6.99;24,263.00,505.73,75.42,6.99" xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Welfare State Entitlements Data Set: A Comparative Institutional Analysis of Eighteen Welfare States, Version</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lyle</forename><surname>Scruggs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://sp.uconn.edu/~scruggs/wp.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,515.71,181.79,6.99;24,263.00,525.69,110.99,6.99" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Transition from Capitalism to Socialism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<publisher>Macmillan</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,535.61,181.78,6.99;24,263.01,545.59,169.84,6.99;24,263.01,555.57,93.55,6.99" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Regression in Time and Space: A Statistical Essay</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Stimson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="914" to="961" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="24,251.04,565.55,181.81,6.99;24,263.01,575.47,169.83,6.99;24,263.01,585.45,169.87,6.99;24,263.01,595.43,169.86,6.99;24,263.01,605.35,142.32,6.99;24,251.04,615.33,181.81,6.99;24,263.01,625.31,169.85,6.99;25,64.91,67.35,169.86,6.99;25,64.91,77.33,169.83,6.99;25,64.91,87.31,94.49,6.99" xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electoral, Legislative, and Government Strength of Political Parties by Ideological Group in Capitalist Democracies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Duane</forename><surname>Swank</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.marquette.edu/polisci/faculty_swank.shtml" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Global Markets, National Institutions, and the Public Economy in Developed Democracies.&apos;&apos; Paper presented at the Eleventh Annual Meeting of the Society for the Advancement of Socio-Economics</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Madison, WI</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999-07-08" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1950" to="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,97.23,181.79,6.99;25,64.91,107.21,169.87,6.99;25,64.91,117.19,169.88,6.99;25,64.91,127.11,134.87,6.99" xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Labor and the Limits of the Welfare State: The Politics of Intraclass Conflict and Cross-Class Alliances in Sweden and West Germany</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Swenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comparative Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,137.09,181.78,6.99;25,64.91,147.07,169.85,6.99;25,64.91,157.04,169.86,6.99;25,64.91,166.97,72.86,6.99" xml:id="b81">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Race to the Bottom: Why a World Worker Surplus and Uncontrolled Free Trade are Sinking American Living Standards</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><surname>Tonelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<pubPlace>New York; Westview</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,176.95,181.76,6.99;25,64.91,186.93,169.85,6.99;25,64.91,196.90,44.08,6.99" xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structural Change and Structural Unemployment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ralph</forename><surname>Turvey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Labour Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">116</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="215" />
			<date type="published" when="1977" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,206.83,181.78,6.99;25,64.91,216.81,166.71,6.99" xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Union Membership Statistics in 24 Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jelle</forename><surname>Visser</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Monthly Labor Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="49" />
			<date type="published" when="2006-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,226.78,181.74,6.99;25,64.91,236.71,169.85,6.99;25,64.91,246.69,169.82,6.99;25,64.91,256.66,36.11,6.99" xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Wage-Setting Institutions and Pay Inequality in Advanced Industrial Societies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Wallerstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,266.64,181.77,6.99;25,64.91,276.57,137.39,6.99" xml:id="b85">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Between Class and Market</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bruce</forename><surname>Western</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,286.54,181.75,6.99;25,64.91,296.52,160.42,6.99;25,53.01,306.50,181.81,6.99;25,64.91,316.42,113.08,6.99" xml:id="b86">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Bank. Various Years. World Development Indicators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrian</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford; Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>CD-ROM</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>North-South Trade, Employment, and Inequality</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,53.01,326.40,181.76,6.99;25,64.91,336.38,169.81,6.99;25,64.91,346.36,169.89,6.99;25,264.70,67.37,169.81,6.99;25,264.70,77.35,149.29,6.99;25,252.74,87.33,181.79,6.99;25,264.69,97.25,169.85,6.99;25,264.69,107.23,151.46,6.99" xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">World Income Inequality Database (WIID), Version 2.0c</title>
		<ptr target="http://62.237.131.23/wiid/wiid-documentation1.php" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">User Guide and Data Sources</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-05" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>World Institute for Development Economics Research of the United Nations University</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>UNU-WIDER)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,252.73,147.08,181.78,6.99;25,252.73,157.06,181.80,6.99;25,252.73,166.98,181.80,6.99;25,252.73,176.96,181.80,6.99;25,252.73,186.94,181.76,6.99;25,252.73,196.92,181.78,6.99;25,252.73,206.84,181.77,6.99;25,252.73,216.82,181.80,6.99;25,252.73,226.80,173.53,6.99" xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">His current research interests explore governance and welfare states, focusing on the effects of the organizational configuration of civil society on institutional changes and social policy outcomes. His recent published works include &apos;&apos;Income Inequality, Democracy, and Public Sector Size</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Sociological Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Cheol-Sung Lee is Assistant Professor of Sociology at the University of Chicago</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>American Sociological Review) and &apos;&apos;Labor Unions and Good Governance</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,252.73,246.70,181.79,6.99;25,252.73,256.68,181.82,6.99;25,252.73,266.66,181.81,6.99;25,252.73,276.58,76.13,6.99" xml:id="b89">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">His research focuses on changes in welfare states and social gerontology</title>
		<imprint/>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Young-Bum Kim is Research Professor of Hallym University Institute of Aging in Hallym University, South Korea</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="25,252.73,296.54,181.74,6.99;25,252.73,306.52,181.79,6.99;25,252.73,316.44,181.75,6.99;25,252.73,326.42,181.78,6.99;25,252.73,336.40,181.77,6.99;25,252.73,346.38,148.67,6.99" xml:id="b90">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Shim is a PhD candidate in the Department of Sociology at the University of Chicago. He studies cultural and institutional conditions and consequences of global social interactions. His doctoral research aims to comprehend globalization, institutionalism (institutional diversity), medicine, and health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jae-Mahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
