<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Attention Goes Both Ways: Shifting Attention Influences Lexical Decisions</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Mills</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Boychuk</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alison</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chasteen</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jay</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Toronto</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Depart-ment of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Toronto</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Toronto</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>100 Street George Street</addrLine>
									<postCode>M5S 3G3</postCode>
									<settlement>Toronto</settlement>
									<region>ON</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Attention Goes Both Ways: Shifting Attention Influences Lexical Decisions</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1037/xge0000388</idno>
					<note>BRIEF REPORT</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:10+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>spatial attention, conceptual cueing, congruency effects, embodied cognition, polite, rude</term>
					<term>Meier &amp; Robinson, 2004), time-related concepts (eg, tomorrow, yesterday</term>
					<term>Weger &amp; Pratt, 2008), concepts of number (Fischer, Castel, Dodd, &amp; Pratt, 2003) and letter (Dodd, Van der Stigchel, Adil Leghari, Fung, &amp; Kingstone, 2008), words referring to concrete concepts with a typical location in space (eg, hat, boot</term>
					<term>Estes, Verges, &amp; Barsa- lou, 2008), as well as abstract religious (eg, god, devil</term>
					<term>Chasteen, Burdzy, &amp; Pratt, 2010) and political (eg, liberal, conservative</term>
					<term>Mills, Smith, Hibbing, &amp; Dodd, 2015) concepts</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Spatial components of concepts can influence the speed with which peripheral targets are responded to (e.g., the word God speeds responses to targets presented above fixation; devil speeds responses to targets presented below fixation). The basic premise underlying these conceptual cueing effects is that thinking of a spatial metaphor activates an internal spatial representation which in turn influences the allocation of attention in the visual field. An important step forward in understanding conceptual cues is determining whether the underlying process is bidirectional: Do shifts of attention facilitate activation of corresponding conceptual information? To test this, a peripheral cue was used to induce shifts of attention to a peripheral location, and the effect of this shift on concept processing was measured with a standard lexical-decision task in which participants made word/nonword responses to a letter string presented at fixation (Experiments 1 and 3), or with a modified lexical-decision task in which participants made English/Dutch judgments of a word presented auditorily (Experiment 2). If shifts of attention activate spatially compatible concepts, then shifting attention to a peripheral location should speed lexical decisions for spatially compatible concepts such that leftward shifts lead to faster lexical decisions of left relative to right concepts (and likewise for rightward, upward, and downward shifts). Our results support this prediction, suggesting that behaviors in the visual field can influence the activation of internal representations.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Conceptual cueing of visual attention refers to an effect of conceptual processing on the allocation of attention in the visual field. The most concrete example of this is the use of explicit directional cues. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="1,158.38,441.04,129.66,7.91;1,48.00,452.04,23.99,7.91" target="#b14">Hommel, Pratt, Colzato, and Godijn (2001)</ref> presented a centrally located directional arrow (Ͻ, Ͼ) or word (left, right) which was followed by a peripheral target requiring a simple detection response. Targets were detected faster when appearing at locations indicated by the cue (compatible condition) than at another location (incompatible condition). This occurred even though these cues were entirely irrelevant to the detection task and observers were explicitly told that the cues did not predict the location of the target, suggesting that processing concepts involves automatic activation of corresponding sensorimotor spatial components. Similar results have been observed for a myriad of concepts, including those with implicit spatial meaning such as valenced concepts (e.g., polite, rude; , time-related concepts (e.g., tomorrow, yesterday; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,254.51,584.04,33.54,7.91;1,48.00,595.04,41.52,7.91" target="#b24">Weger &amp; Pratt, 2008)</ref>, concepts of number <ref type="bibr" coords="1,171.47,595.04,116.58,7.91;1,48.00,606.04,21.00,7.91" target="#b10">(Fischer, Castel, Dodd, &amp; Pratt, 2003)</ref> and letter <ref type="bibr" coords="1,109.51,606.04,178.54,7.91;1,306.00,408.04,63.01,7.91" target="#b6">(Dodd, Van der Stigchel, Adil Leghari, Fung, &amp; Kingstone, 2008)</ref>, words referring to concrete concepts with a typical location in space (e.g., hat, boot; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,457.68,419.04,84.44,7.91;1,306.00,430.04,35.51,7.91" target="#b8">Estes, Verges, &amp; Barsalou, 2008)</ref>, as well as abstract religious (e.g., god, devil; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,510.80,430.04,35.24,7.91;1,306.00,441.04,86.89,7.91" target="#b5">Chasteen, Burdzy, &amp; Pratt, 2010)</ref> and political (e.g., liberal, conservative; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,306.00,452.04,141.98,7.91" target="#b21">Mills, Smith, Hibbing, &amp; Dodd, 2015)</ref> concepts.</p><p>The implicit assumption underlying these studies is that conceptual cues invoke shifts of visual attention. That is, the processing of a concept activates a corresponding internal spatial representation that in turn causes attention to be oriented to the spatially compatible region of the visual field. An important step forward in understanding conceptual cues is examining the directionality of their association with space. So far, studies of conceptual cueing have been unidirectional: A conceptual cue is centrally presented and the effect of that cue on some measure of peripheral attention is examined. If, however, concepts cause shifts of attention, then it may be possible for shifts of attention to activate spatially compatible concepts (e.g., shifting attention up should activate upper regions of the visual field, which in turn should facilitate lexical access to concepts explicitly or implicitly associated with up). That is, the relationship between conceptual cues and space in the visual field may be bidirectional. If so, then moving attention leftward should improve processing for spatially compatible concepts in much the same way as processing a concept improves attentional performance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Experiment 1</head><p>To test whether the relationship between conceptual cues and space in the visual field is bidirectional, a classic peripheral cue (i.e., flash of light) is used to induce shifts attention to a peripheral location in the visual field, and the effect of this shift on concept processing is measured with a standard lexical-decision task. Thus, participants oriented to a peripheral cue and then performed a word/nonword judgment of a letter string presented at fixation. If shifts of attention activate spatially compatible concepts, then shifting attention to a peripheral location should lead to faster word/nonword judgments of spatially compatible concepts. For example, leftward shifts of attention should lead to faster word/ nonword judgments of left relative to right concepts (and likewise for rightward, upward, and downward shifts).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants. Participants were required to be English-first speakers and to have normal or corrected-to-normal vision. During data collection, however, we discovered that although all participants were English-first speakers, more than half were multilingual. As such, we doubled our target sample size to evaluate multilingualism as a potential between-subjects covariate. Accordingly, 48 undergraduates from the University of Toronto participated in exchange for course credit (see <ref type="table" coords="2,199.58,294.04,28.16,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> for demographics), each of which was naïve to the purpose of the experiment and was informed of their rights of participation according to the Research Ethics Board at the University of Toronto.</p><p>Apparatus. Testing took place in a dimly lit, sound attenuated room. Participants were seated 48 cm from a 60-Hz CRT monitor (1,024 ϫ 768 resolution), with chin/forehead rests to maintain their viewing position and distance. An IBM compatible Pentiumequipped PC running Experiment-Builder 1.10.1241 (SR Research Ltd., Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) controlled stimulus presentation. All stimuli were displayed on a black background (1.25 cd/m 2 ).</p><p>Stimuli and procedure. Appendices A and B lists the word and nonword lexical decision stimuli, respectively. <ref type="figure" coords="2,236.15,437.04,30.70,7.91" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref> illustrates the procedure. Each trial started with a gray fixation cross (45.6 cd/m 2 , 1°ϫ 1°with 0.04°thickness) in the center of the display along with two gray peripheral placeholders (45.6 cd/m 2 , 4°ϫ 4°with 0.04°thickness) for 750, 1,000, or 1,250 ms. The distance between fixation and the center of each placeholder was 8°of visual angle. Subsequently, one of the placeholders was brightened and thickened (87.7 cd/m 2 with 0.32°thickness). Participants were instructed to fixate the location of this peripheral cue, which could appear along either the vertical or horizontal axis. Vertical and horizontal cues were blocked, with block order counterbalanced across participants. After 100 ms, the display was cleared and a lexical decision stimulus was presented in the center of the display. Lexical decision stimuli were letter strings and consisted of pronounceable nonwords (e.g., jur, ryped, scrorched) and four different conceptual word categories: words associated with up (e.g., bird, lord, ceiling), down (e.g., ants, hell, basement), left (e.g., enter, birth, before), and right (e.g., exit, death, after). 1 Letters were capitalized (Times New Roman font), gray in color (45.6 cd/m 2 ), and measured 0.80°of visual angle. By pressing the "F" or "J" key on a keyboard, participants made speeded word/ nonword judgments (response key mappings were counterbalanced across participants). Letter strings were presented for 4,000 ms or until a response was registered, after which the display was cleared. The intertrial interval was 1,500 ms.</p><p>Design. Each participant completed two blocks of 200 trials. One block contained vertical peripheral cues and up/down conceptual words, whereas the other contained horizontal peripheral cues and left/right conceptual words. Within each block there were 100 nonwords and 100 conceptual words (50 conceptual words per dimension). In each trial within a block, the peripheral cue location (above, below/left, right) and type of letter string (word, nonword) were equally likely. Within the word condition, each word category (up, down/left, right) was equally likely.</p><p>1 Pronounceable nonwords were generated as follows. First, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,509.20,607.70,36.82,7.03;2,306.00,616.70,50.86,7.03" target="#b19">Medler and Binder's (2005)</ref> online tool MCWord was used to compute the word length (number of characters in a letter string), number of orthographic neighbors (number of different words that can be generated by changing only a single letter), and summed frequency of orthographic neighbours (how often an orthographic neighbor is used in speech/text per 1,000,000 words) for each conceptual word. Next, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,386.67,661.70,140.90,7.03" target="#b22">Rastle, Harrington, and Coltheart's (2002)</ref> ARC Nonword Database was used to generate pronounceable nonwords that matched the conceptual words on the parameters above. Thus, words and nonwords were matched on word length (M ϭ 5.8 ϩ/Ϫ 2.1 letters), number of orthographic neighbors (M ϭ 4.2 ϩ/Ϫ 5.6 neighbors), and summed frequency of orthographic neighbors (M ϭ 176.4 ϩ/Ϫ 2007.1 occurrences).  This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>Incorrect responses (5.12%) and responses less than 250 ms or greater than 2,000 ms (1.17%) were discarded. Correct response times (RTs) were analyzed with a 2 (block: vertical, horizontal) ϫ 3 (cue-word compatibility: compatible, incompatible, nonword) ϫ 2 (language: unilingual, multilingual) linear mixed effects model with crossed random intercepts for subjects and words and random subject slopes for the effects of block, cue-word compatibility, and their interaction <ref type="bibr" coords="3,109.20,172.04,141.00,7.91" target="#b0">(Barr, Levy, Scheepers, &amp; Tily, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,253.30,172.04,34.74,7.91;3,48.00,183.04,19.37,7.91" target="#b13">Hoffman, 2014)</ref>. Effect size was assessed using pseudo-R 2 statistics <ref type="bibr" coords="3,261.55,183.05,26.50,7.91;3,48.00,194.04,57.65,7.91" target="#b23">(Singer &amp; Willett, 2003)</ref>, which express the proportion of variance reduced in a given variance component after inclusion of a relevant fixed effect. <ref type="figure" coords="3,57.00,227.04,31.42,7.91" target="#fig_1">Figure 2</ref> shows the mean RTs, collapsing across the multilingualism factor. Critically, there was a significant main effect of cue-word compatibility, F(2, 123.4) ϭ 18.77, p Ͻ .001, pseudo-R 2 ϭ 19.2%, where responses were faster in the compatible (M ϭ 661 ms) than in the incompatible (M ϭ 680) condition, t ϭ 2.00, p ϭ .049. This is the predicted cue-word compatibility effect. Responses were also faster in the compatible and incompatible conditions than in the nonword (M ϭ 727 ms) condition, ts Ͼ 4.34, ps Ͻ .001, which is the typical lexical decision result. The main effect of block was not significant, F(1, 96.0) ϭ 1.96, p ϭ .165, pseudo-R 2 ϭ 1.5%, and did not interact significantly with cueword compatibility, F(2, 173.2) ϭ .30, p ϭ .743, pseudo-R 2 Ͻ 1.0%. 2 Looking at <ref type="figure" coords="3,120.01,359.04,30.38,7.91" target="#fig_1">Figure 2</ref>, however, it is somewhat surprising that the main effect of block was not significant given that responses appear to be consistently faster in the vertical relative to horizontal block. A post hoc power analysis conducted with GPower 3.1 software <ref type="bibr" coords="3,131.05,403.04,156.99,7.91" target="#b9">(Faul, Erdfelder, Lang, &amp; Buchner, 2007)</ref> indicated that the statistical power of this test was .69, which is slightly less than ideal and thus may reflect a type II error.</p><p>In sum, Experiment 1 investigated whether the processes underlying conceptual cueing effects are bidirectional. Specifically, if conceptual processing activates internal spatial representations that in turn influence behaviors in the visual field, do behaviors in the visual field also influence the activation of internal representations? The results suggest this is the case: lexical decisions were speeded when preceded by a spatially compatible behavior (e.g., the word up preceded by an up behavior) than an incompatible one (e.g., the word up preceded by a down behavior).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Experiment 2</head><p>Before we can reasonably conclude that shifts of attention modulated lexical access, one potential alternative must be addressed. Specifically, because lexical decision stimuli were presented at fixation, participants had to shift attention to the cued location then back to fixation. As such, it is unclear whether the speeding of lexical decisions is attributable to a spatially compatible behavior. Our interpretation, however, is not that the shift of attention per se was responsible for activating spatially compatible concepts but rather that selection of a particular region of spacevia a shift of attention-was responsible. To rule out the possibility that a shift of attention from a peripheral location back to fixation was somehow responsible for the cue-word compatibility effect, a second experiment was conducted in which a shift back to fixation was not required. This was achieved by presenting lexical decision stimuli auditorily. Thus, rather than responding to lexical decision stimuli at fixation (Experiment 1), responses were to auditory stimuli (Experiment 2), which obviates the need to shift attention back to fixation. In addition, because of difficulty in generating nonwords that a computer program could pronounce, rather than word/nonword responses to letter strings non-Dutch speakers instead discriminated whether auditory stimuli were English or Dutch words.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants. Participation criteria were the same as Experiment 1 with the addition that participants were non-Dutch speakers (effectively making Dutch words 'nonwords'). An a priori power analysis conducted with GPower 3.1 software <ref type="bibr" coords="3,479.11,400.54,66.93,7.91" target="#b9">(Faul et al., 2007)</ref> indicated that with an alpha level of .05 and a power level of .80, a sample size of 24 would be necessary to observe an effect size of pseudo-R 2 ϭ 19.2% (i.e., the size of the cue-word compatibility effect in Experiment 1). Because of this, and the fact that multilingualism did not influence the size of the cue-word compatibility effect in Experiment 1 and therefore was not considered in this experiment, 24 undergraduates from the University of Toronto participated in exchange for course credit. Two participants were excluded from analysis for responding incorrectly on Ͼ75% of trials. The error rate for each of the 22 remaining subjects was Ͻ18% (see <ref type="table" coords="3,366.93,521.54,27.81,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> for demographics). All participants were naïve to the purpose of the experiment and were informed of their rights of participation according to the Research Ethics Board at the University of Toronto.</p><p>Apparatus, stimuli, procedure, and design. Auditory stimuli were presented binaurally with iCAN headphones in the range of 60 -70 dB (peak volume). English words were the same con-2 A possible moderating role of multilingualism was examined given the reliance of the present experiment on linguistic ability. This turned out to be a rather inconsequential factor, however. There was a significant language by block interaction, F(1, 46.6) ϭ 4.23, p ϭ .045, pseudo-R 2 ϭ 7.2%, such that the effect of block (horizontal minus vertical) was larger for multilinguals (M ϭ Ϫ33.23, t ϭ Ϫ2.52, p ϭ .014) than unilinguals (M ϭ 3.19, t ϭ .22, p ϭ .827), but no other effects were significant (Fs Ͻ 1, pseudo-R 2 s Ͻ1.0%). Thus, multilinguals were significantly faster to respond in the horizontal versus vertical condition, whereas unilinguals did not differ in speed of response between horizontal and vertical conditions. Uni-and multilinguals, however, did not differ on the size of the cue-word compatibility effect. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>ceptual words as in Experiment 1. Appendix C lists the Dutch words used in place of nonwords for the modified lexical-decision task. As participants did not speak Dutch, English and Dutch words were matched only on spoken duration (M English ϭ 712 ϩ/Ϫ 136 ms; M Dutch ϭ 739 ϩ/Ϫ 158 ms). Auditory stimuli were generated using developer tools within Google Translate (https://translate.google.ca). All other aspects were the same as Experiment 1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results and Discussion</head><p>Response times were defined as the time interval between the onset of the auditory stimulus and the response. 3 Incorrect responses (6.45%) were omitted from analysis. Correct RTs (see <ref type="figure" coords="4,48.00,228.04,30.81,7.91" target="#fig_3">Figure 3</ref>) were analyzed with the linear mixed effects model of Experiment 1, but omitting multilingualism. There was a significant main effect of cue-word compatibility, F(2, 58.8) ϭ 11.35, p Ͻ .001, pseudo-R 2 ϭ 16.0%, where responses were faster in the compatible (M ϭ 901 ms) than in the incompatible (M ϭ 925) condition, t ϭ 2.09, p ϭ .040; this replicates the effect from Experiment 1 with slightly different stimuli, suggesting a robust effect. Responses were also faster in the compatible and incompatible conditions than in the Dutch word (M ϭ 983 ms) condition, ts Ͼ 3.32, ps Ͻ .001, which is similar to the typical lexical decision result. The main effect of block was not significant and did not interact significantly with cue-word compatibility (Fs Ͻ 1, pseudo-R 2 s Ͻ 1.0%).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Experiment 3</head><p>Two concerns warrant further consideration. 4 First, there are legitimate concerns about replication in areas related to conceptual cueing (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="4,96.75,423.04,164.27,7.91" target="#b7">Doyen, Klein, Pichon, &amp; Cleeremans, 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="4,264.28,423.04,23.74,7.91;4,48.00,434.04,112.78,7.91" target="#b19">Meier, Fetterman, &amp; Robinson, 2015)</ref>. Indeed, effect size estimates for conceptual cueing effects can change drastically when sample sizes are increased. For example, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,172.15,456.04,69.25,7.91" target="#b19">Meier et al. (2015)</ref> conducted a replication of one of their earlier studies and found that the effect size in the high-powered study was about half of that in their earlier study. It seems prudent, therefore, to conduct a highpowered replication. Second, there is concern that the nature of a concept-whether concrete or abstract-may differentially affect the relationship between space and concepts. Experiments 1 and 2 examined the relationship between conceptual cues and space without regard to the specific nature of the concept-that is, whether the concept was abstract (e.g., God) or concrete (e.g., roof) in nature was not directly considered. Accordingly, the purpose of Experiment 3 was to conduct a high-powered replication with better control over the specific nature of the concept. To that end, 100 subjects participated in Experiment 3, in which abstract and concrete concepts associated with vertical space were tested.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants. Participation criteria were the same as Experiment 1. The initial sample consisted of 115 undergraduates from the University of Toronto who participated in exchange for course credit. Fifteen of these were not English-first speakers and were discarded, resulting in a sample size of 100 (see <ref type="table" coords="4,501.40,256.52,29.57,7.91" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> for demographics). All participants were naïve to the purpose of the experiment and were informed of their rights of participation according to the Research Ethics Board at the University of Toronto.</p><p>Apparatus. Testing took place in a dimly lit, sound attenuated room, with participants seated 57 cm from a 144-Hz LCD monitor (2,560 ϫ 1,440 resolution). Chin/forehead rests were used to maintain viewing position and distance. An IBM compatible Pentium-equipped PC running Experiment-Builder 1.10.1241 (SR Research Ltd., Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) controlled stimulus presentation. All stimuli were displayed on a black background (1.25 cd/m 2 ).</p><p>Stimuli and procedure. These were the same as in Experiment 1 with two exceptions. First, only the vertical dimension was used. The horizontal dimension was not included here because most of the horizontal word items were abstract and therefore did not permit strict control over the balance of concrete versus abstract items. Second, the word and nonword lexical decision stimuli were only a subset of those used in Experiment 1 rather than the full set. Again, this was necessary to ensure balance in the number of concrete and abstract items. There were 20 up words <ref type="formula" coords="4,511.64,488.23,3.44,7.91">(</ref> Words and nonwords were matched on word length (M ϭ 5.6 ϩ/Ϫ 1.9 letters), number of orthographic neighbors (M ϭ 5.9 ϩ/Ϫ 6.7 <ref type="bibr" coords="4,314.00,615.44,3.00,4.40">3</ref> We also analyzed response times defined as the time interval between the offset of the auditory stimulus and the response. This analysis yielded identical inferential statistics as those reported in the text. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,314.00,642.44,3.00,4.40">4</ref> We thank an anonymous reviewer for bringing these concerns to our attention. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,314.00,660.44,3.00,4.40">5</ref>  This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>neighbors), and summed frequency of orthographic neighbors (M ϭ 42.9 ϩ/Ϫ 102.8 occurrences). Design. Each participant responded to each of 80 unique lexical decision items (20 concrete words, 20 abstract words, and 40 nonwords) twice, once with an above peripheral cue and once with a below peripheral cue, for a total of 160 trials. In each trial, the peripheral cue location (above or below fixation) and type of letter string (word or nonword) were equally likely. Within the word condition, the nature of the concept (abstract or concrete) was equally likely.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results and Discussion</head><p>Incorrect responses (3.0%) and responses less than 250 ms or greater than 2,000 ms (Ͻ1%) were discarded. Correct RTs were analyzed with a 3 (cue-word compatibility: compatible, incompatible, nonword) ϫ 2 (word group: abstract, concrete) nested linear mixed effect model (the effect of word group was nested within the compatible and incompatible conditions of cue-word compatibility given that nonwords are neither abstract nor concrete) with crossed random intercepts for subjects and words and random subject slopes for the effect of cue-word compatibility and its interaction with word group. <ref type="figure" coords="5,57.00,327.04,30.96,7.91" target="#fig_5">Figure 4</ref> shows the mean RTs. Once again, there was a significant main effect of cue-word compatibility, F(2, 119.0) ϭ 22.15, p Ͻ .001, pseudo-R 2 ϭ 34.3%, where responses were faster in the compatible (M ϭ 631 ms) than in the incompatible (M ϭ 650 ms) condition, t ϭ 3.05, p ϭ .003. This is the predicted cue-word compatibility effect. Responses were also faster in the compatible and incompatible conditions than in the nonword (M ϭ 716 ms), which is the typical lexical decision result. Notice that the effect size for the cue-word compatibility effect was nearly twice as large as in Experiments 1 and 2, likely owing to the reduced set of word items. Critically, the nested effect interaction of cue-word compatibility (compatible, incompatible) and word group (abstract, concrete) was not significant, F(2, 96.1) ϭ .47, p ϭ .627, pseudo-R 2 Ͻ 1.0%, indicating the magnitude of the cue-word compatibility effect did not reliably differ between abstract (M ϭ 22 ms) and concrete (M ϭ 16 ms) conceptual word groups. These results replicate and extend Experiments 1 and 2 by demonstrating that the nature of the internally represented concept-whether concrete or abstract-does not differentially impact the relationship between space and concepts.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>General Discussion</head><p>Direct experience with the physical dimension of space is thought to structure our understanding of concepts for which direct sensory experience is unavailable (e.g., to be divine is to be up in space; to be conservative is to be right in space), and previous evidence suggests that conceptual processing indeed biases visual attention toward spatially compatible locations (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,503.29,187.04,42.75,7.91;5,306.00,198.04,33.74,7.91" target="#b5">Chasteen et al., 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,341.97,198.04,64.70,7.91" target="#b6">Dodd et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,408.91,198.04,63.70,7.91" target="#b8">Estes et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,474.85,198.04,71.20,7.91" target="#b10">Fischer et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.00,209.04,77.07,7.91" target="#b14">Hommel et al., 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,481.45,209.04,64.58,7.91" target="#b21">Mills et al., 2015;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,306.00,220.04,80.30,7.91" target="#b24">Weger &amp; Pratt, 2008)</ref>. The present study examined whether the processes underlying these conceptual cueing effects are bidirectional: can shifts of attention to a particular location in the visual field facilitate the processing of corresponding concepts? Experiment 1 observed a cue-word compatibility effect such that lexical decisions were speeded when preceded by a spatially compatible cue (e.g., the word up preceded by an up cue) than an incompatible one (e.g., the word up preceded by a down cue) on both vertices. Thus, just as activated internal representations are capable of influencing behaviors in the visual field, behaviors in the visual field can also influence the activation of internal representations.</p><p>Because Experiment 1 required a shift of attention to the location of the peripheral cue then back to fixation, it is unclear whether the speeding of lexical decisions is attributable to a spatially compatible behavior. To rule out this possibility, Experiment 2 presented lexical decision stimuli auditorily, thus removing the need to shift attention back to fixation. Again, a cue-word compatibility effect was observed. Our interpretation, therefore, is not that the shift of attention per se was responsible for activating spatially compatible concepts but rather that selection of a particular region of space-via a shift of attention-was responsible.</p><p>The present work contributes to the conceptual metaphor and embodied cognition literature <ref type="bibr" coords="5,415.20,462.04,55.84,7.91" target="#b1">(Barsalou, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,477.49,462.04,16.40,7.91" target="#b2">(Barsalou, , 2008</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,500.40,462.04,41.45,7.91;5,306.00,473.04,78.26,7.91" target="#b12">Gozli, Chasteen, &amp; Pratt, 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,389.02,473.04,93.71,7.91" target="#b15">Lakoff &amp; Johnson, 1980</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,482.73,473.04,25.21,7.91" target="#b1">, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,516.79,473.04,29.24,7.91;5,306.00,484.04,87.31,7.91" target="#b17">Landau, Meier, &amp; Keefer, 2010)</ref> by demonstrating how visual positioning of information along the vertical or horizontal dimension can affect accessibility of conceptual representations. In the literature, two interrelated mechanisms are discussed as underlying these language-space associations (compatibility effects): (a) metaphorical mapping and (b) automatic reactivation of experiential traces during language understanding. Conceptual metaphor theory <ref type="bibr" coords="5,530.57,550.03,11.61,7.91;5,306.00,561.03,77.74,7.91" target="#b15">(Lakoff &amp; Johnson, 1980</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,383.73,561.03,23.05,7.91" target="#b1">, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,413.48,561.03,73.27,7.91" target="#b17">Landau et al., 2010)</ref> focuses on how people perceive and represent items that have no direct sensory experience. It proposes that the human cognitive system is structured around a set of concepts that emerge directly from experience. The general principle of conceptual metaphor theory-that less concrete concepts can be understood metaphorically in terms of more concrete ones-implies a unidirectional nature to compatibility effects. Indeed, as remarked by <ref type="bibr" coords="5,419.79,638.03,70.95,7.91" target="#b17">Landau et al. (2010)</ref>, "metaphorical mappings between dissimilar concepts tend to go in the direction of a concrete source concept to a relatively more abstract target concept, but not the other way around" (pp. 1052). Support for the metaphor account (i.e., unidirectional mapping) is found in <ref type="bibr" coords="5,354.10,693.03,106.59,7.91" target="#b20">Meier and Robinson (2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,465.40,693.03,53.19,7.91">Experiment 3)</ref>. Their participants first responded vocally as to whether a spatial prime appeared above or below fixation. Immediately afterward, a pos-  This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p><p>itively or negatively valenced word was presented at fixation and participants determined as quickly and as accurately as possible whether the word conveyed positive or negative meaning. In contrast to the present findings, Meier and Robinson failed to observe a compatibility effect between the location of the prime and the meaning of the word such that participants were no faster to evaluate positive words when preceded by a prime appearing above fixation than when the prime appeared below fixation (and likewise for negative words-participants were no faster to evaluate negative words when preceded by a prime appearing below fixation than when the prime appeared above fixation). Thus, whereas the present results suggest a bidirectional relationship between concepts and space, the Meier and Robinson study suggests a unidirectional one whereby affective judgments activate spatial attention, but this does not prime evaluations. According to <ref type="bibr" coords="6,48.00,242.04,99.26,7.91" target="#b20">Meier and Robinson (2004)</ref>, this was attributable to the asymmetrical nature of affective metaphor. Individuals can use their sensory system to determine the location of an item in space and, as such, do not need to borrow metaphor to achieve an understanding of vertical position. The present study questions the general validity of the metaphor view, as the findings suggest that perception and cognition may have a common neuronal basis, thereby allowing for a bidirectional relationship between the two. This common neuronal basis is consistent with notions that action and perception share representations. In this perspective, conceptual processing is thought to automatically activate perceptual features associated with the meaning of the concept (i.e., simulation; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,93.37,374.04,55.31,7.91" target="#b1">Barsalou, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,157.60,374.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b2">Barsalou, , 2008</ref>. Thus, activating a concept representation also activates a corresponding spatial representation stored during experience of the concept's referent, which in turn causes attention to be shifted to the spatially compatible region of space. The implication is that conceptual processing invokes brain activity associated with the processing of spatial information <ref type="bibr" coords="6,269.09,429.04,15.18,7.91;6,48.00,440.04,39.79,7.91" target="#b1">(Barsalou, 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,94.18,440.04,15.50,7.91" target="#b2">(Barsalou, , 2008</ref>. If so, then the relationship between conceptual and perceptual representations should be bidirectional: activating a spatial representation (e.g., via shift of spatial attention) should also activate corresponding conceptual representations, which in turn should facilitate access to conceptually compatible concepts. This is precisely what was found in the present study-shifting attention facilitated lexical access when the spatial aspects of the behavior and the lexical item matched (e.g., the word up followed by a behavior that activates upward space).</p><p>The present findings are in line with a recent study by <ref type="bibr" coords="6,261.30,539.03,26.75,7.91;6,48.00,550.03,102.26,7.91" target="#b3">Berndt, Dudschig, and Kaup (2016)</ref>. They examined bidirectionality between space and concepts using perceptual cues in which anagram problems (e.g., dolphin ϭ "dplhion" or cloud ϭ "cdulo") were presented at different locations in the visual field (top or bottom of the display). They found that anagrams were solved faster when the position of the anagram was compatible with the typical location of the solution's referent in the real world (cloud is top; dolphin is bottom). Importantly, however, this effect depended on the presence of a background ocean-sky picture, suggesting that experiential traces can activate associated concepts only within a supporting context. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,122.15,660.03,74.09,7.91" target="#b3">Berndt et al. (2016)</ref> therefore interpret these findings as reflecting a mixture of automatic activation processes and the integration of the context information provided by the background picture. It is unclear why a supporting context was not necessary to obtain a compatibility effect in the present studies. A likely possibility may have to do with the difference between studies in how attention was shifted to peripheral locations. Specifically, the manner by which attention is shifted (either via endogenous task-goals in <ref type="bibr" coords="6,399.26,99.03,54.01,7.91">Berndt et al. or</ref> exogenous stimulation in the current study) may impact the relationship between space and concepts.</p><p>Despite all this evidence that activating experiential traces indeed activates related concepts, there is a remaining possibility that language use might account for concept-space mappings, such that conceptual cueing effects are driven by the frequent use of spatial terms with target concepts (e.g., God above; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,466.37,176.03,79.67,7.91;6,306.00,187.03,44.26,7.91" target="#b11">Goodhew, McGaw, &amp; Kidd, 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,353.77,187.03,60.62,7.91" target="#b18">Louwerse, 2008)</ref>. Thus, participants may shift their attention upward upon processing God because they have frequently and systematically been exposed to the term in conjunction with above and up, such that this spatial information has become associated with the concept itself. Such accounts predict that the magnitude of conceptual cueing effects is explained by linguistic collocations of the concept word and spatial words (i.e., frequency of use of the words together). The present study cannot rule out this account; however, it seems that such an account requires two associations (upper space with the word above, and the word above with the word 'God'), whereas our interpretation requires only one (that upper space be associated with the word 'God') and is therefore more parsimonious and thus preferred, at least for the time being.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Context of the Research</head><p>Spatial representation is critical for perceiving and acting on objects in the world given that identifying and/or acting upon an object usually requires that the object first be located in space. Recent work indicates that spatial representations continue to influence higher cognition, such as conceptual understanding. This is evident in studies demonstrating that processing concepts referring to objects with typical locations in space (e.g., head, foot) or abstract concepts that are metaphorically associated with locations in space (e.g., God, Devil) influence where attention is allocated in the visual field. Consistent with the essential role of perceptual (spatial) features in concept representation, the present studies found that cueing location (up, down, left, and right) influenced the processing of semantically related concepts. This work helps establish boundary conditions in embodied cognition as it challenges explanations that have been offered for conceptual cueing, such as conceptual metaphor theory, which assume a unidirectionality of this effect.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,306.00,255.20,240.00,7.03;2,306.00,265.20,17.56,7.03"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Example trial sequence for horizontal and vertical cue conditions.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="3,48.00,705.70,240.02,7.03;3,48.00,715.00,206.99,8.00;3,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;3,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;3,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;3,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;3,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;3,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;3,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;3,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;3,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;3,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;3,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;3,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;3,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;3,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;3,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;3,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;3,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;3,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;3,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;3,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;3,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;3,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;3,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;3,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;3,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;3,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;3,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;3,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;3,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;3,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;3,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;3,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;3,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;3,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;3,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Mean correct response times in Experiment 1, collapsing across the language factor. Error bars represent ϩ/Ϫ 1 standard error. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="4,515.08,488.23,30.95,7.91;4,306.00,499.27,240.03,7.91;4,306.00,510.30,240.03,7.91;4,306.00,521.34,240.02,7.91;4,306.00,532.37,240.03,7.91;4,306.00,543.40,240.03,7.91;4,306.00,554.44,240.05,7.91;4,306.00,565.47,236.80,7.91;4,542.45,564.04,3.50,4.83"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>concrete: SKY, CLOUD, BIRD, HEAD, EYES, ROOF, HAT, HELICOPTER, CHIMNEY, ATTIC; abstract: ALMIGHTY, GOD, HEAVEN, CREATOR, LORD, JOYOUS, HAPPY, JOLLY, GLAD, CHEERFUL) and 20 down words (concrete: GROUND, FISH, ROOTS, TOES, FLOOR, BOOTS, BASEMENT, SUBMARINE, RUG, TIRES; abstract: DEVIL, HELL, SATAN, LUCIFER, DEMON, MELANCHOLY, SORROW, DEPRESSED, SAD, UNPLEASED). 5</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="4,48.00,705.70,240.02,7.03;4,48.00,715.00,104.17,8.00;4,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;4,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;4,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;4,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;4,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;4,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;4,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;4,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;4,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;4,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;4,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;4,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;4,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;4,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;4,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;4,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;4,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;4,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;4,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;4,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;4,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;4,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;4,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;4,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;4,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;4,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;4,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;4,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;4,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;4,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;4,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;4,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;4,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;4,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;4,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44"><head>Figure 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Nonwords were as follows: ERV, BLEAF, ROUN, PUNK, PSAB, PRAP, NUP, PHREIGHTHS, SHROUND, WROUL, SKEAGUED, JUR, KIMPED, SPAGUED, CUNK, GNEGGS, DULTS, WUMPS, PEUM, PHLARLED, FROUSE, JUMB, KNUSH, GUDE, CLIFE, BROUT, SPRIMPED, GHEIGHTHS, VOM, RIKES, JEBBS, LYPE, SMOOF, SHRALTS, CLETT, STREIGHTHS, TEIGNS, THROURSED, ZAV, SHRILCHED. Mean correct response times in Experiment 2. Error bars represent ϩ/Ϫ 1 standard error. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="5,48.00,705.70,240.02,7.03;5,48.00,715.00,104.17,8.00;5,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;5,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;5,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;5,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;5,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;5,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;5,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;5,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;5,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;5,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;5,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;5,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;5,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;5,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;5,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;5,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;5,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;5,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;5,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;5,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;5,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;5,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;5,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;5,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;5,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;5,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;5,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;5,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;5,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;5,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;5,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;5,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;5,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;5,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;5,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44"><head>Figure 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Mean correct response times in Experiment 3. Error bars represent ϩ/Ϫ 1 standard error. This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="2,48.00,78.59,480.94,639.65"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Participant Characteristics in Experiments 1-3</figDesc><table coords="2,48.00,590.20,236.51,128.03">Characteristic 

Experiment 1 
Experiment 2 
Experiment 3 

n 
% 
n 
% 
n 
% 

Participants 
48 
100.0 
22 
100.0 
100 
100.0 
Language 
Unilingual 
21 
43.7 
5 
22.7 
37 
37.0 
Multilingual 
27 
56.3 
17 
77.3 
63 
63.0 
Gender 
Male 
19 
39.6 
9 
40.9 
34 
34.0 
Female 
28 
58.3 
12 
54.6 
66 
66.0 
Other 
1 
2.1 
1 
4.5 
0 
.0 
Handedness 
Left 
4 
8.4 
2 
9.1 
2 
2.0 
Right 
44 
91.6 
20 
90.9 
98 
98.0 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">MILLS, BOYCHUK, CHASTEEN, AND PRATT</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix A</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>List of Conceptual Words Used in Experiments 1 and 2</head> <ref type="table" coords="8,346.16,257.20,22.22,7.03;8,483.26,257.20,20.00,7.03;8,48.00,266.20,24.45,7.03;8,199.30,266.20,20.44,7.03;8,346.16,266.20,24.44,7.03;8,483.26,266.20,20.00,7.03;8,48.00,275.20,21.78,7.03;8,199.30,275.20,16.89,7.03;8,346.16,275.20,22.22,7.03;8,483.26,275.20,23.99,7.03;8,48.00,284.20,23.56,7.03;8,199.30,284.20,21.33,7.03;8,346.16,284.20,19.99,7.03;8,483.26,284.20,28.44,7.03;8,48.00,293.20,27.11,7.03;8,199.30,293.20,20.89,7.03;8,346.16,293.20,21.78,7.03;8,483.26,293.20,26.22,7.03;8,48.00,302.20,25.34,7.03;8,199.30,302.20,20.89,7.03;8,346.16,302.20,20.89,7.03;8,483.26,302.20,25.78,7.03;8,48.00,311.20,30.22,7.03;8,199.30,311.20,25.34,7.03;8,346.16,311.20,21.34,7.03;8,483.26,311.20,23.99,7.03;8,48.00,320.20,28.88,7.03;8,199.30,320.20,27.10,7.03;8,346.16,320.20,20.45,7.03;8,483.26,320.20,25.33,7.03;8,48.00,329.20,29.78,7.03;8,199.30,329.20,24.44,7.03;8,346.16,329.20,20.00,7.03;8,483.26,329.20,27.11,7.03;8,48.00,338.20,30.67,7.03;8,199.30,338.20,26.66,7.03;8,346.16,338.20,27.55,7.03;8,483.26,338.20,26.22,7.03;8,48.00,347.20,31.11,7.03;8,199.30,347.20,26.66,7.03;8,346.16,347.20,27.10,7.03;8,483.26,347.20,28.89,7.03;8,48.00,356.20,33.34,7.03;8,199.30,356.20,25.78,7.03;8,346.16,356.20,23.55,7.03;8,483.26,356.20,26.22,7.03;8,48.00,365.20,28.45,7.03;8,199.30,365.20,26.22,7.03;8,346.16,365.20,27.55,7.03;8,483.26,365.20,26.66,7.03;8,48.00,374.20,28.45,7.03;8,199.30,374.20,28.89,7.03;8,346.16,374.20,29.78,7.03;8,483.26,374.20,25.34,7.03;8,48.00,383.20,30.22,7.03;8,199.30,383.20,26.66,7.03;8,346.16,383.20,26.22,7.03;8,483.26,383.20,24.45,7.03;8,48.00,392.20,43.54,7.03;8,199.30,392.20,24.44,7.03;8,346.16,392.20,24.44,7.03;8,483.26,392.20,26.66,7.03;8,48.00,401.20,35.55,7.03;8,199.30,401.20,30.67,7.03;8,346.16,401.20,23.99,7.03;8,483.26,401.20,22.22,7.03;8,48.00,410.20,33.78,7.03;8,199.30,410.20,31.99,7.03;8,346.16,410.20,27.55,7.03;8,483.26,410.20,27.55,7.03;8,48.00,419.20,31.11,7.03;8,199.30,419.20,29.78,7.03;8,346.16,419.20,24.00,7.03;8,483.26,419.20,24.45,7.03;8,48.00,428.20,33.78,7.03;8,199.30,428.20,31.11,7.03;8,346.16,428.20,28.44,7.03;8,483.26,428.20,33.78,7.03;8,48.00,437.20,36.44,7.03;8,199.30,437.20,29.78,7.03;8,346.16,437.20,32.00,7.03;8,483.26,437.20,30.67,7.03;8,48.00,446.20,35.56,7.03;8,199.30,446.20,33.78,7.03;8,346.16,446.20,32.88,7.03;8,483.26,446.20,31.11,7.03;8,48.00,455.20,37.34,7.03;8,199.30,455.20,38.22,7.03;8,346.16,455.20,30.66,7.03;8,483.26,455.20,35.10,7.03;8,48.00,464.20,37.78,7.03;8,199.30,464.20,36.00,7.03;8,346.16,464.20,30.66,7.03;8,483.26,464.20,34.22,7.03;8,48.00,473.20,39.10,7.03;8,199.30,473.20,40.00,7.03;8,346.16,473.20,32.00,7.03;8,483.26,473.20,32.44,7.03;8,48.00,482.20,44.89,7.03;8,199.30,482.20,33.34,7.03;8,346.16,482.20,31.99,7.03;8,483.26,482.20,29.78,7.03;8,48.00,491.20,37.78,7.03;8,199.30,491.20,37.78,7.03;8,346.16,491.20,37.33,7.03;8,483.26,491.20,34.22,7.03;8,48.00,500.20,43.55,7.03;8,199.30,500.20,35.55,7.03;8,346.16,500.20,37.34,7.03;8,483.26,500.20,34.66,7.03;8,48.00,509.20,40.43,7.03;8,199.30,509.20,40.46,7.03;8,346.16,509.20,35.11,7.03;8,483.26,509.20,32.44,7.03;8,48.00,518.20,39.11,7.03;8,199.30,518.20,49.33,7.03;8,346.16,518.20,33.34,7.03;8,483.26,518.20,34.22,7.03;8,48.00,527.20,35.11,7.03;8,199.30,527.20,48.44,7.03;8,346.16,527.20,42.66,7.03;8,483.26,527.20,33.34,7.03;8,48.00,536.20,41.34,7.03;8,199.30,536.20,46.66,7.03;8,346.16,536.20,41.34,7.03;8,483.26,536.20,37.78,7.03;8,48.00,545.20,38.22,7.03;8,199.30,545.20,46.66,7.03;8,346.16,545.20,43.54,7.03;8,483.26,545.20,43.11,7.03;8,48.00,554.20,51.11,7.03;8,199.30,554.20,48.88,7.03;8,346.16,554.20,41.77,7.03;8,483.26,554.20,44.90,7.03;8,48.00,563.20,51.11,7.03;8,199.30,563.20,50.22,7.03;8,346.16,563.20,37.33,7.03;8,483.26,563.20,47.11,7.03;8,48.00,572.20,43.11,7.03;8,199.30,572.20,52.00,7.03;8,346.16,572.20,47.55,7.03;8,483.26,572.20,46.66,7.03;8,48.00,581.20,47.55,7.03;8,199.30,581.20,53.78,7.03;8,346.16,581.20,51.10,7.03;8,483.26,581.20,55.99,7.03;8,48.00,590.20,53.78,7.03;8,199.30,590.20,54.21,7.03;8,346.16,590.20,48.89,7.03;8,483.26,590.20,47.56,7.03;8,48.00,599.20,65.77,7.03">GLAD  SEED  FALSE  LATE  GROW  TOES  FIRST  LIFE  HEAD  WEAK  PRIOR  NEXT  HIGH  BELOW  SMALL  OPEN  LORD  BOOTS  START  TRUE  PEAK  DEPTH  WRONG  AFTER  ROOF  DEVIL  YOUNG  DEATH  STAR  DRAIN  ARRIVE  DRIVE  TREE  EMPTY  BEFORE  GREAT  ABOVE  FLOOR  CLOSED  LARGE  ANGEL  FROWN  CLUMSY  LATER  ATTIC  ROOTS  REJECT  LEAVE  CLOUD  SATAN  SIMPLE  MORAL  CROWN  SHOES  SUNSET  OLDER  HAPPY  SOLES  AWKWARD  RIGHT  JOLLY  SOUTH  DUBIOUS  ACCEPT  LIGHT  TIRES  EARLIER  ATTEND  NORTH  UNDER  LEFTIST  BIGGER  SMILE  UPSET  LIBERAL  FUTURE  TOWER  BOTTOM  NEGLECT  LATEST  COLLAR  CARPET  REVERSE  BIGGEST  HEAVEN  CELLAR  SMALLER  COMPLEX  JOYOUS  GLOOMY  WESTERN  EASTERN  LEAVES  GROUND  YOUNGER  FORWARD  STRONG  HOOVES  DEMOCRAT  SUNRISE  CEILING  SHRINK  EARLIEST  FAIRNESS  CHMINEY  SORROW  LEFTWARD  POSITIVE  CREATOR  SUBWAY  NEGATIVE  PROGRESS  PLEASED  WHEELS  PREVIOUS  TOMMOROW  STEEPLE  FALLING  SINISTER  AFTERHAND  ALMIGHTY  LUCIFER  SMALLEST  CLOCKWISE  CHEERFUL  UNHAPPY  TERRIBLE  IMPORTANT  DOMINANT  BASEMENT  BACKWARDS  RIGHTWARD  ELEVATED  DEPRESSED  COMMUNISM  REPUBLICAN  HIGHRISE  SUBMARINE  SOCIALISM  SUBSEQUENT  EVAPORATE  UNPLEASED  YESTERDAY  APPROPRIATE  EXCITEMENT  MELANCHOLY  BEFOREHAND  TRADITIONAL  HELICOPTER  SUBMISSIVE  ANTICLOCKWISE</ref> <p>CONSERVATIVE SKYSCRAPER UNDERGROUND</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>(Appendices continue)</head><p>This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix B</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>List of Non-Words Used in Experiment 1</head><p>Horizontal Vertical <ref type="table" coords="9,485.03,269.70,20.45,7.03;9,48.00,278.70,22.22,7.03;9,124.83,278.70,30.67,7.03;9,214.55,278.70,43.54,7.03;9,331.36,278.70,22.22,7.03;9,403.30,278.70,24.44,7.03;9,485.03,278.70,35.56,7.03;9,48.00,287.70,21.78,7.03;9,124.83,287.70,33.33,7.03;9,214.55,287.70,42.22,7.03;9,331.36,287.70,21.78,7.03;9,403.30,287.70,27.56,7.03;9,485.03,287.70,35.56,7.03;9,48.00,296.70,24.00,7.03;9,124.83,296.70,31.99,7.03;9,214.55,296.70,40.45,7.03;9,331.36,296.70,20.00,7.03;9,403.30,296.70,22.22,7.03;9,485.03,296.70,43.10,7.03;9,48.00,305.70,21.33,7.03;9,124.83,305.70,30.22,7.03;9,214.55,305.70,49.77,7.03;9,331.36,305.70,22.66,7.03;9,403.30,305.70,27.56,7.03;9,485.03,305.70,41.78,7.03;9,48.00,314.70,20.89,7.03;9,124.83,314.70,34.66,7.03;9,214.55,314.70,45.78,7.03;9,331.36,314.70,21.34,7.03;9,403.30,314.70,27.55,7.03;9,485.03,314.70,40.00,7.03;9,48.00,323.70,19.56,7.03;9,124.83,323.70,33.78,7.03;9,214.55,323.70,48.00,7.03;9,331.36,323.70,20.01,7.03;9,403.30,323.70,27.56,7.03;9,485.03,323.70,38.22,7.03;9,48.00,332.70,22.67,7.03;9,124.83,332.70,33.77,7.03;9,214.55,332.70,44.89,7.03;9,331.36,332.70,21.34,7.03;9,403.30,332.70,24.90,7.03;9,485.03,332.70,44.88,7.03;9,48.00,341.70,23.11,7.03;9,124.83,341.70,32.44,7.03;9,214.55,341.70,48.89,7.03;9,331.36,341.70,23.55,7.03;9,403.30,341.70,25.34,7.03;9,485.03,341.70,39.12,7.03;9,48.00,350.70,19.55,7.03;9,124.83,350.70,29.78,7.03;9,214.55,350.70,48.00,7.03;9,331.36,350.70,20.01,7.03;9,403.30,350.70,30.22,7.03;9,485.03,350.70,50.66,7.03;9,48.00,359.70,22.22,7.03;9,124.83,359.70,39.10,7.03;9,214.55,359.70,48.01,7.03;9,331.36,359.70,23.56,7.03;9,403.30,359.70,23.11,7.03;9,485.03,359.70,48.00,7.03;9,48.00,368.70,22.22,7.03;9,124.83,368.70,35.12,7.03;9,214.55,368.70,44.00,7.03;9,331.36,368.70,21.78,7.03;9,403.30,368.70,25.33,7.03;9,485.03,368.70,45.77,7.03;9,48.00,377.70,28.44,7.03;9,124.83,377.70,34.22,7.03;9,214.55,377.70,55.10,7.03;9,331.36,377.70,21.78,7.03;9,403.30,377.70,26.66,7.03;9,485.03,377.70,44.89,7.03;9,48.00,386.70,24.44,7.03;9,124.83,386.70,38.22,7.03;9,214.55,386.70,53.78,7.03;9,331.36,386.70,23.10,7.03;9,403.30,386.70,28.89,7.03;9,485.03,386.70,54.66,7.03;9,48.00,395.70,26.22,7.03;9,124.83,395.70,35.10,7.03;9,214.55,395.70,50.22,7.03;9,331.36,395.70,21.34,7.03;9,403.30,395.70,30.66,7.03;9,485.03,395.70,49.78,7.03;9,48.00,404.70,24.88,7.03;9,124.83,404.70,35.56,7.03;9,214.55,404.70,57.77,7.03;9,331.36,404.70,20.89,7.03;9,403.30,404.70,32.44,7.03;9,485.03,404.70,49.78,7.03;9,48.00,413.70,27.55,7.03;9,124.83,413.70,40.88,7.03;9,214.55,413.70,55.11,7.03;9,331.36,413.70,20.00,7.03;9,403.30,413.70,32.45,7.03;9,485.03,413.70,48.89,7.03;9,48.00,422.70,22.22,7.03;9,124.83,422.70,37.33,7.03;9,214.55,422.70,64.88,7.03;9,331.36,422.70,23.10,7.03;9,403.30,422.70,32.89,7.03;9,485.03,422.70,60.00,7.03;9,48.00,431.70,26.22,7.03">TERB  LUNK  RHOPSE  DWINCHED  MAFT  KIRTH  SHRALTS  SKOD  MEEVED  GREETHED  PUNG  PHUMF  SPLOONS  NOMB  HOLLED  THREPPED  TULP  CLIFE  SKEAGUED  VAZE  SWIEGE  THAUNCHED  CUNK  MERKS  PHLARLED  POUL  HARMTH  SPLERCHED  YABS  KNUSH  STRILMED  SPLY  KNYMES  SCROOTHED  PRAP  SMOOF  SCRILLED  BAMS  DONKED  SHRITCHED  SNAB  PASKS  DWEAGUES  NAMS  BOATHE  PHRANCHED  WOBE  RULLS  SPRIMPED  DINC  STERKS  PHREACHED  PERB  MOAMS  KNAUNCHED  VOED  KNARGED  SCRORCHED  BRAM  RIKES  THROURSED  GUKE  STRORTS  FREIGHTHS  KUGS  DWIPE  GHEIGHTHS  WOUTS  PHLAINT  THRAUNCHED  FUMS  GHYPT  SHRILCHED  NOIDS  CLOOVED  STRAUNCHED  TWED  DRIKES  SHRAUNCHED  SPONK  SWEILED  THREIGHTHS  JUMB  KIMPED  PHREIGHTHS  VIQUE  FLURVES  BREIGHNDGED  TADS  GNEGGS  SHREIGHTHS  GNULB  WOOCHED  SCKREIGHTHS  LYPE  PRAWLS  STREIGHTHS  PLISK  BLOULED  GHLOUGHPHTHS  YOND  THREWS  SCKRAUNCHED  SMIME</ref> PHLUNCH SCKREIGHNDGED GUDE FRENES SPROARPHTHS HOOTH PEEF</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>(Appendices continue)</head><p>This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly. Accepted October 17, 2017 Ⅲ</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix C</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>List of Dutch Words Used in Experiment 2</head><p>This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,585.70,240.03,7.03;6,314.00,595.70,232.02,7.03;6,314.00,605.70,232.00,7.03;6,314.00,615.70,42.00,7.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Random effects structure for confirmatory hypothesis testing: Keep it maximal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Barr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Levy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Scheepers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tily</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jml.2012.11.001</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jml.2012.11.001" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Memory and Language</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="278" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,625.70,240.03,7.03;6,314.00,635.70,75.82,7.03" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceptual symbol systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Barsalou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioral and Brain Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="577" to="609" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,645.70,240.01,7.03;6,314.00,655.70,232.00,7.03;6,314.00,665.70,26.00,7.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Grounded cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Barsalou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.psych.59.103006.093639</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1146/annurev.psych.59.103006.093639" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="617" to="645" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,306.00,675.70,240.02,7.03;6,314.00,685.70,232.02,7.03;6,314.00,695.70,232.01,7.03;6,314.00,705.70,232.00,7.03;6,314.00,715.70,30.00,7.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Activating concepts by activating experiential traces: Investigations with a series of anagram solution tasks</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Berndt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Dudschig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kaup</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/17470218.2016.1261913</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/17470218.2016.1261913" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="6,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;6,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;6,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;6,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;6,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;6,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;6,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;6,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;6,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;6,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;6,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;6,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;6,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;6,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;6,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;6,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;6,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;6,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;6,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;6,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;6,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;6,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;6,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;6,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;6,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;6,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;6,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;6,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;6,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;6,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;6,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;6,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;6,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;6,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;6,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,77.20,240.02,7.03;7,56.00,87.20,231.99,7.03;7,56.00,97.20,100.88,7.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thinking of God moves attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chasteen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Burdzy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2009.09.029</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2009.09.029" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychologia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="627" to="630" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,107.20,240.03,7.03;7,56.00,117.20,232.03,7.03;7,56.00,127.20,231.99,7.03;7,56.00,137.20,119.56,7.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attentional SNARC: There&apos;s something special about numbers (let us count the ways)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Dodd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Van Der Stigchel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Leghari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Fung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kingstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.cognition.2008.04.006</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cognition.2008.04.006" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="810" to="818" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,147.20,240.01,7.03;7,56.00,157.20,232.01,7.03;7,56.00,167.20,152.67,7.03" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Behavioral priming: It&apos;s all in the mind, but whose mind?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Doyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pichon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Cleeremans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1371/journal.pone.0029081</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0029081" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS ONE</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,177.20,240.01,7.03;7,56.00,187.20,232.01,7.03;7,56.00,197.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,207.20,28.00,7.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Head up, foot down: Object words orient attention to the objects&apos; typical location</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Estes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Verges</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Barsalou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-9280.2008.02051.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9280.2008.02051.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,215.50,240.02,8.74;7,56.00,227.20,232.01,7.03;7,56.00,237.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,247.20,105.12,7.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">G ‫ء‬ Power 3: A flexible statistical power analysis program for the social, behavioral, and biomedical sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Faul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Erdfelder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A.-G</forename><surname>Lang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Buchner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3758/BF03193146</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/BF03193146" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="175" to="191" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,257.20,240.03,7.03;7,56.00,267.20,232.02,7.03;7,56.00,277.20,139.12,7.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceiving numbers causes spatial shifts of attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Castel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Dodd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/nn1066</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nn1066" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature Neuroscience</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="555" to="556" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,287.20,240.02,7.03;7,56.00,297.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,307.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,317.20,83.33,7.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why is the sunny side always up? Explaining the spatial mapping of concepts by language use</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Goodhew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Mcgaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kidd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3758/s13423-014-0593-6</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/s13423-014-0593-6" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1287" to="1293" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,327.20,240.01,7.03;7,56.00,337.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,347.20,232.00,7.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cost and benefit of implicit spatial cues for visual attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Gozli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Chasteen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0030362</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0030362" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">142</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1028" to="1046" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,357.20,240.01,7.03;7,56.00,367.20,193.05,7.03" xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Longitudinal analysis: Modeling within-person fluctuation and change</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>Routledge Academic</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,377.20,240.00,7.03;7,56.00,387.20,232.00,7.03;7,56.00,397.20,99.78,7.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Symbolic control of visual attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hommel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Colzato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Godijn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/1467-9280.00367</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/1467-9280.00367" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="360" to="365" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,48.00,407.20,240.03,7.03;7,56.00,417.20,93.98,7.03" xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Metaphors we live by</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<publisher>University of Chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Chicago, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,77.20,240.01,7.03;7,314.00,87.39,42.89,7.03" xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Philosophy in the flesh</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lakoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Basic Books</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,97.57,240.05,7.03;7,314.00,107.75,231.99,7.03;7,314.00,117.93,74.66,7.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A metaphor-enriched social cognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Landau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Meier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Keefer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0020970</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/a0020970" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1045" to="1067" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,128.61,240.02,7.03;7,314.00,138.79,232.01,7.03;7,314.00,148.98,28.75,7.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Embodied relations are encoded in language</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Louwerse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3758/PBR.15.4.838</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/PBR.15.4.838" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="838" to="844" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,159.66,240.02,7.03;7,314.00,169.84,232.01,7.03;7,314.00,180.02,61.77,7.03;7,306.00,190.70,240.03,7.03;7,314.00,200.88,232.02,7.03;7,314.00,211.06,231.97,7.03;7,314.00,221.25,84.66,7.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Black and white as valence cues: A large-scale replication effort of Meier</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Medler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Binder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Meier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Fetterman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1027/1864-9335/a000236</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1027/1864-9335/a000236" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="174" to="178" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>MCWord: An on-line orthographic database of the English language</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,231.93,240.00,7.03;7,314.00,242.11,232.02,7.03;7,314.00,252.29,212.67,7.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why the sunny side is up: Association between affect and vertical position</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Meier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Robinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.0956-7976.2004.00659.x</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1111/j.0956-7976.2004.00659.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,262.97,240.01,7.03;7,314.00,273.15,232.01,7.03;7,314.00,283.34,232.00,7.03;7,314.00,293.52,188.67,7.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Obama cares about visuo-spatial attention: Perception of political figures moves attention and determines gaze direction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hibbing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Dodd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.bbr.2014.09.048</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.bbr.2014.09.048" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioural Brain Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">278</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="225" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,304.20,240.01,7.03;7,314.00,314.38,232.03,7.03;7,314.00,324.56,232.01,7.03;7,314.00,334.74,123.34,7.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">534 nonwords: The ARC nonword database</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Rastle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Harrington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Coltheart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/02724980244000099</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/02724980244000099" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology A: Human Experimental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">358</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1339" to="1362" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,345.43,239.99,7.03;7,314.00,355.61,232.03,7.03;7,314.00,365.79,232.02,7.03;7,314.00,375.97,18.00,7.03" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied longitudinal data analysis: Modeling change and event occurrence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Singer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Willett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195152968.001.0001</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780195152968.001.0001" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,306.00,386.65,240.04,7.03;7,314.00,396.83,232.01,7.03;7,314.00,407.02,232.00,7.03;7,314.00,417.20,14.00,7.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Time flies like an arrow: Space-time compatibility effects suggest the use of a mental timeline</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Weger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Pratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.3758/PBR.15.2.426</idno>
		<ptr target="http://dx.doi.org/10.3758/PBR.15.2.426" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="426" to="430" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="7,7.70,556.60,7.03,14.22;7,7.70,522.39,7.03,31.55;7,7.70,514.39,7.03,5.34;7,7.70,473.51,7.03,38.22;7,7.70,462.85,7.03,8.00;7,7.70,450.41,7.03,9.78;7,7.70,416.21,7.03,31.54;7,7.70,368.66,7.03,44.89;7,7.70,328.22,7.03,37.78;7,7.70,318.89,7.03,6.66;7,7.70,304.68,7.03,11.55;7,7.70,295.35,7.03,6.66;7,7.70,285.13,7.03,7.56;7,7.70,264.70,7.03,17.78;7,7.70,227.15,7.03,34.89;7,17.70,567.25,7.03,14.22;7,17.70,544.60,7.03,19.99;7,17.70,536.60,7.03,5.34;7,17.70,506.39,7.03,27.55;7,17.70,484.62,7.03,19.11;7,17.70,472.63,7.03,9.33;7,17.70,460.19,7.03,9.78;7,17.70,430.42,7.03,27.10;7,17.70,417.10,7.03,10.66;7,17.70,407.77,7.03,6.66;7,17.70,395.33,7.03,9.78;7,17.70,360.22,7.03,32.45;7,17.70,344.23,7.03,13.33;7,17.70,330.02,7.03,11.55;7,17.70,322.02,7.03,5.34;7,17.70,309.14,7.03,10.22;7,17.70,300.25,7.03,6.22;7,17.70,290.04,7.03,7.55;7,17.70,245.60,7.03,41.78;7,17.70,216.50,7.03,26.44" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers. This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
