<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the Interplay of Trait Self-Control and Ego Depletion: Empirical Evidence for Ironic Effects</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2014">2014</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roland</forename><surname>Imhoff</surname></persName>
							<email>rimhoff@uni-koeln.de</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Cologne</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Cologne</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Bonn</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Bonn</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Friederike</forename><surname>Gerstenberg</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Technische Universität München</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Munich</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Psychology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Cologne</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Cologne</settlement>
									<country key="DE">Germany</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Exploring the Interplay of Trait Self-Control and Ego Depletion: Empirical Evidence for Ironic Effects</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">European Journal of Personality</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="424"/>
							<date type="published" when="2014">2014</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note type="submission">Published online 24 January 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com) Received 8 March 2012 Revised 17 August 2012, Accepted 17 August 2012</note>
					<note>*Correspondence to: Roland Imhoff,</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:04+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>trait self-control</term>
					<term>ego depletion</term>
					<term>self-regulation</term>
					<term>ironic effects</term>
					<term>restrained eating</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Trait self-control (TSC) has been conceptualized as a general and abstract ability to exert self-regulation across multiple domains that has mostly beneficial effects. However, its relationship to situational depletion of self-regulatory resources has received little attention. We systematically explore the interplay of trait and situational self-control in two studies (total N = 264). In contrast with a positive view of TSC, the results show greater ego depletion effects for high (vs. low) self-control abilities across such diverse domains as candy consumption (Study 1), risk-taking behaviour (Study 2) and achievement motivation (Study 2). It is proposed that these ironic effects are attributable to high-TSC individuals' less frequent active inhibition of impulses in everyday life and their resulting lack of experience in resisting acute temptations. A third study (N&gt; = 358) corroborated this general reasoning by showing that TSC is indeed associated with less frequent impulse inhibition in daily routines. Our data point to a downside of dispositional self-control in ego depletion paradigms. Other explanations and potential future avenues for resolving inconsistent findings across the literature are discussed.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>People exert self-control on a daily base. Short-term temptations (e.g., high-calorie food, risky sexual behaviour or avoidance of taxing activities such as studying or physical exercise) have to be overcome for the sake of long-term goals (e.g., good health and academic achievement). A large body of literature has focused on individual differences in how good people are in deferring short-term temptation for their long-term goals. In addition, a more recent approach to self-control has pointed to the finiteness of self-regulatory resources. Immediately after engaging in effortful self-control, individuals experience ego depletion and are less likely to effectively exert self-control. The present paper seeks to bring together these two previously disparate research traditions on self-control: a dispositional trait perspective with more recent research on situational depletion of self-regulatory resources. We report unexpected findings in support of an ironic effect of greater situational depletion for participants who describe themselves as high in trait self-control (TSC).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Trait self-control</head><p>Most working definitions of self-control encompass regulating thoughts, emotions, impulses and performance as operationalizations of self-control behaviour (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,196.05,693.37,93.95,8.80;1,48.02,705.33,57.28,8.80" target="#b3">Baumeister, Heatherton, &amp; Tice, 1994)</ref>. In general, the ability to control oneself is regarded as a relatively stable individual difference variable that plays a pivotal role for a wide range of positive outcomes in people's lives, such as high level of achievement and performance, impulse control, healthy adjustment and satisfactory interpersonal relationships <ref type="bibr" coords="1,465.80,450.39,89.29,8.80;1,313.01,462.41,62.93,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney, Baumeister, &amp; Boone, 2004)</ref>. In summary, TSC is commonly understood as the ability to exert habitual inhibition of undesired habits or impulses (e.g., procrastination, impulsive eating or drinking, socially inappropriate or risky behaviours) and direct one's own behaviour towards the achievement of desired (mostly long-term) goals (e.g., academic achievement, interpersonal adjustment and personal health).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ego depletion</head><p>In addition to the trait perspective on self-control, it has been emphasized that the ability to control oneself is a limited resource, resulting in depletion after exerting self-control. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,313.01,629.37,211.63,8.80" target="#b2">Baumeister, Bratslavsky, Muraven, and Tice (1998)</ref> coined the term ego depletion (ED) for the effect of showing less self-control on a subsequent task when an earlier task demanded self-control (i.e. dual-task paradigm). ED effects have been found in such diverse domains as physical endurance, persistence, emotion regulation, performance in logical decision tasks, sexual impulses, aggression after being provoked, and several interpersonal processes (for an overview, see <ref type="bibr" coords="1,313.01,725.41,129.51,8.80" target="#b4">Baumeister, Vohs, &amp; Tice, 2007)</ref>. A recent meta-analysis has provided an extensive overview of ED effects with the finding that average effects range from medium to large (average d = 0.62; <ref type="bibr" coords="1,349.18,761.41,175.94,8.80" target="#b27">Hagger, Wood, Stiff, &amp; Chatzisarantis, 2010)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The interplay of TSC and ED</head><p>At present, it remains both theoretically and empirically unclear how trait and state conceptions of self-control should interact. Some authors suggested that participants high in TSC should be less vulnerable to ED, potentially because they have more resources at hand before reaching a point of depletion (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.89,149.40,103.39,8.80" target="#b13">Dvorak &amp; Simons, 2009</ref>). Other authors suggested that TSC and ED should function largely independently (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,90.99,173.38,153.66,8.80" target="#b40">Muraven, Pogarsky, &amp; Shmueli, 2006)</ref>. Empirically speaking, the protective account would suggest that TSC moderates ED effects. In fact, a (relatively small) number of studies found such a protective effect of ED (DeWall, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,40.25,221.40,160.54,8.80" target="#b12">Baumeister, Stillman, &amp; Gailliot, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,205.06,221.40,77.22,8.80;2,40.25,233.36,22.32,8.80" target="#b13">Dvorak &amp; Simons, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,67.92,233.36,177.20,8.80" target="#b23">Gailliot, Schmeichel, &amp; Baumeister, 2006;</ref>. However, all of these studies have some limitations in the way TSC was measured, in the operationalization of the dependent variable, or the way resource depletion was induced. We will briefly discuss these problems to allow a more differentiated weighing of the available evidence in favour of a protective account of TSC against ED.</p><p>For instance, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.04,329.40,106.47,8.80" target="#b13">Dvorak and Simons (2009)</ref> a priori differentiated two styles of self-control, which they labelled as good and bad self-control, and found only that good self-control buffered the effect of ED on task persistence. Good self-control here was defined as high scores on subscales that tapped into future time perspective, problem-solving and cognitive effort-all constructs that seem to be more closely related to the dependent variable task persistence than to be primary indicators of TSC. In another study, TSC was measured in a more straight-forward way [Self-control Scale (SCS); <ref type="bibr" coords="2,248.03,437.40,34.32,8.80;2,40.25,449.37,51.41,8.80" target="#b55">Tangney et al., 2004]</ref> but the dependent variable was rather weak. Instead of looking at an actual aggressive behaviour, the study solely relied on participants' self-estimated intentions to aggress as the dependent variable <ref type="bibr" coords="2,251.66,485.37,27.10,8.80">Exp. 4)</ref>.</p><p>So far, the most robust evidence for buffering effects of TSC comes from work on Terror Management Theory. Results showed that only low-TSC individuals showed increased support for U.S. president Bush <ref type="bibr" coords="2,220.65,533.39,61.62,8.80;2,40.25,545.40,22.77,8.80" target="#b23">(Gailliot et al., 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,68.03,545.40,36.51,8.80">Study 5)</ref> and general worldview defence <ref type="bibr" coords=""></ref> Study 2) after thinking about their own death. In a similar vein, a previous task to regulate emotions led to an increase in death-related words included in participants' narratives only for low-TSC individuals <ref type="bibr" coords="2,181.47,605.39,33.34,8.80">Study 1)</ref>. Although these results are interesting, consistent and telling, it is open to debate whether the underlying processes could be easily mapped onto the ED model of situational self-control depletion. For one, having thoughts of death or supporting president Bush do not seem to be prime examples of impulsive behaviour (i.e. self-control failure). Second, building an analogy to the protective account of TSC cited earlier, one would need to assume that TSC helps individuals to resist exhaustion of their self-regulatory resources and remain self-controlled. However, the theoretical rationale of why TSC buffers mortality salience effects is not based on less exhaustion due to an equally strong depletion manipulation but rests on the reasoning that TSC helps minimize the (depleting) manipulation by facilitating the 'suppression of death thoughts' <ref type="bibr" coords="2,515.51,77.40,23.43,8.80">p. 895</ref>). This reasoning deviates from an account based on general resistance against resource depletion, and the effect may thus be specific to the domain of suppressing mortality salience.</p><p>Other works either explicitly did not find the mentioned interaction effect <ref type="bibr" coords="2,511.32,137.39,35.89,8.80;2,305.29,149.40,137.33,8.80" target="#b54">Stillman, Tice, Fincham, &amp; Lambert, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,446.06,149.40,34.92,8.80">Study 2)</ref> or fail to report a corresponding interaction analysis <ref type="bibr" coords="2,455.75,161.37,91.53,8.80;2,305.29,173.39,22.70,8.80" target="#b17">(Freeman &amp; Muraven, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,332.62,173.39,136.81,8.80" target="#b40">Muraven, Pogarsky, et al., 2006)</ref>. In summary, the evidence regarding the interplay of TSC and ED has to be regarded as inconclusive, leading the authors of a recent meta-analysis to suggest that 'future research should provide further tests of the interaction between ego depletion and trait self-control on task performance using the dual-task paradigm' <ref type="bibr" coords="2,348.94,245.39,113.24,8.80">(Hagger et al., 2010, p. 520)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The present research</head><p>In the present research, we systematically explored the role of TSC in the dual-task paradigm with frequently used ED manipulations (as opposed to the potential special case of mortality salience) and behavioural dependent variables (as opposed to self-reported behavioural intentions), more specifically eating behaviour (Study 1), and risky decisions (Study 2). As an additional (weaker) dependent variable, we included self-reported achievement motivation (Study 2). These domains were chosen because they are distinct domains for which general positive effects of TSC have been found (impulse inhibition and achievement; see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,512.45,413.37,34.78,8.80;2,305.29,425.39,47.26,8.80" target="#b55">Tangney et al., 2004)</ref> and thus allowed testing for the boundary conditions of the presumed effects. For each of these dependent variables, we predicted a main effect of ED with more candy consumption, more risky choices and less achievement motivation for high-versus low-ED participants. With regard to the moderating role of TSC, we tested whether we could establish the buffering effect occasionally found or whether no such effect could be detected. Inconsistent with any of our a priori hypotheses, we found an ironic effect on all three dependent variables: particularly those high in TSC were vulnerable to the debilitating effect of the ED manipulation. Seeking to find an explanation for this thought-provoking finding, we explored the nature of TSC in everyday temptations in Study 3. The results showed that TSC was associated with temptation avoidance-not inhibition-leading us to conclude that the central skill to resist temptations seems to be least trained in high-TSC individuals.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY 1</head><p>The consumption of unhealthy, high-calorie food (e.g., candy) often serves as a prime example of impulsive behaviour-and a failure of the self to prevent such sweet surrender (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,305.29,713.38,161.80,8.80" target="#b32">Hofmann, Rauch, &amp; Gawronski, 2007)</ref>. The conventional wisdom that we are particularly likely to grab snacks when our self-regulation is either depleted (e.g., after a long day) or distracted (e.g., while watching TV) is corroborated by a plethora of scientific findings (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,461.94,761.40,85.31,8.80;3,48.02,65.38,56.17,8.80" target="#b18">Friese, Hofmann, &amp; Wänke, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,107.77,65.38,84.31,8.80" target="#b32">Hofmann et al., 2007</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,192.08,65.38,97.97,8.80;3,48.02,77.40,17.91,8.80" target="#b53">, Shmueli &amp; Prochaska, 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,73.31,77.40,105.32,8.80" target="#b56">Vohs &amp; Heatherton, 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,181.65,77.40,108.33,8.80;3,48.02,89.36,62.27,8.80" target="#b61">Zyphur, Warren, Landis, &amp; Thoresen, 2007)</ref>. In the first study, we sought to replicate previous findings of increased candy consumption after ED with two important additions. First, we sought to explore the interplay of TSC and ED in this domain. Second, we tested whether a possible moderation by TSC would be incremental to the moderating role of an overly controlled style of eating restrained eating <ref type="bibr" coords="3,113.33,161.36,17.06,8.80">(RE)</ref>. Previous studies have demonstrated that RE exposes individuals to greater danger of food consumption, especially after ED <ref type="bibr" coords="3,126.60,185.40,90.59,8.80" target="#b32">(Hofmann et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,220.26,185.40,69.72,8.80;3,48.02,197.36,57.43,8.80" target="#b33">Kahan, Polivy, &amp; Herman, 2003)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participants</head><p>University students (N = 137; 28 men, 109 women, mean age = 22.6 years, SD = 4.7) participated for monetary compensation. Allocation of participants to the experimental conditions was independent of age, t(135) = 1.23, p = .22, and sex, w 2 = 1.73, p = .19.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ego depletion manipulation</head><p>To manipulate the level of ED, we used a modified Stroop task. All participants had to select a coloured key to indicate the colour of the text in which colour names were presented. In the low-ED condition, the colour names were presented in lettering of the corresponding colour (e.g., 'red' appeared in red lettering). In the high-ED condition, the meaning of the word never matched the text colour, and so the automatic response to process the key corresponding to the meaning of the word had to be inhibited. In addition, participants were asked to press the key corresponding to the meaning of the word if the word was presented in blue lettering (25% of the trials), thus preventing them from strategically ignoring the meaning of the words. After completing 12 practice trials, participants received feedback regarding their accuracy. If participants answered more than 25% of the items incorrectly, they had to repeat the practice phase. Participants completed 180 test trials in both conditions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measured moderators</head><p>Trait self-control. TSC was assessed with the self-control subscale from the German Self-Regulatory Skills Questionnaire (SRSQ; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,121.78,593.36,103.87,8.80" target="#b52">Schmidt &amp; Imhoff, 2011)</ref>. Higher scores on this measure indicate higher TSC. The SRSQ SCS is composed of 10 items from several well-established measures of self-control including the SCS <ref type="bibr" coords="3,192.87,629.37,92.92,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref>. The items were extracted factor analytically from a large pool of items tapping into self-control-related constructs of conscientiousness, impulse control and procrastination, which are all also reflected in the SCS. Speaking of the conceptual overlap with existing standard TSC scales, three items were taken from the SCS (e.g., 'People would say that I have iron self-discipline'), four items were taken from the UPPS Impulsive Behavior Scale (UPPS; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,199.45,725.40,90.55,8.80;3,48.02,737.37,17.91,8.80" target="#b59">Whiteside &amp; Lynam, 2001</ref>; e.g., 'I usually think carefully before doing anything'), and three items were taken from the short form of the German Volitional Components Inventory (VCI-S3; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,259.20,761.40,30.78,8.80;3,313.00,65.38,67.73,8.80" target="#b35">Kuhl &amp; Fuhrmann, 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,383.59,65.38,9.90,8.80">e.g</ref>., 'If a task needs to be completed, I like to tackle it immediately'). The complete wording can be found in the Appendix. The SRSQ was chosen because at the time of the studies, the recently published German language version <ref type="bibr" coords="3,382.40,113.40,119.69,8.80" target="#b5">(Bertrams &amp; Dickhäuser, 2009</ref>) of the wellestablished SCS <ref type="bibr" coords="3,378.71,125.36,86.79,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref> was not available.</p><p>Restrained eating. A scale for assessing RE was derived from the German translation of the 5-item Restraint Eating subscale from the Eating Disorders Examination Questionnaire <ref type="bibr" coords="3,313.00,176.39,116.09,8.80" target="#b15">(Fairburn &amp; Beglin, 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="3,436.20,176.39,118.77,8.80;3,313.00,188.41,91.10,8.80">German version: Hilbert &amp; Tuschen-Caffier, 2006)</ref> to assess habitual RE practices over a long period. On a 7-point scale (1 = never, 7 = all the time), participants indicated how often within the last five years they had tried to reduce their caloric intake, eaten nothing for a long time, banned certain products from their diet, made diet rules, and tried to keep an empty stomach in order to modify their weight or figure.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent variable</head><p>In an ostensible product test, a bowl containing the contents of a 125 g peanut m&amp;m W 's package was placed in front of each participant. Five minutes were given to taste the product and to rate it on a variety of dimensions such as naturalness, sweetness, and package design. After time had expired, the candy was taken away. Candy consumption was later determined by weighing the amount left and subtracting it from preconsumption weight.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>Participants arrived either alone or in groups of up to five, were greeted by an experimenter, and were seated in separate cubicles. Participants first filled in the TSC and RE measures. Then, participants completed the Stroop task that included the ED manipulation and, after a short filler task, engaged in the product test. At the end of the experiment, participants were asked their height and weight, and how hungry they felt before they entered the experiment to control for pre-existing differences between the two ED conditions. At the end, participants were fully debriefed and thanked.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Preliminary analyses</head><p>The two experimental conditions did not differ with regard to their reported feelings of hunger before the experiment, nor on the two moderator variables, F &lt; 1. Importantly, feelings of hunger before the experiment were unrelated to TSC and RE, |r| &lt; .06, p &gt; .55. Height and weight information were used to calculate the body mass index for each participant, which also did not differ between conditions, p = .28, and was unrelated to RE and TSC, |r| &lt; .03, p &gt; .80. All continuous variables were screened for univariate outliers (|SD| &gt; 3). One participant's candy consumption in the high-ED condition was more than 3 SD above the overall mean. All analyses reported in the succeeding discussions were conducted both with and without this participant. However, because results did not differ, the analyses reported below are based on the full sample.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Main analyses</head><p>As predicted, participants in the high-ED condition consumed more candy, M = 21.63 g, SD = 3.42, than participants in the low-ED condition, M = 19.49 g, SD = 2.68, t(126.81) = 4.07, p &lt; .001, d = 0.72. RE and TSC were moderately correlated across the whole sample, and both TSC and RE were positively related to greater candy consumption <ref type="table" coords="4,187.60,137.38,34.87,8.80" target="#tab_0">(Table 1)</ref>.</p><p>We conducted multiple regression analyses to test the moderation of the ED effect. To test the predicted moderation by RE, we conducted a hierarchical multiple regression analysis <ref type="bibr" coords="4,40.25,185.40,147.17,8.80" target="#b10">(Cohen, Cohen, West, &amp; Aiken, 2003)</ref>. Regressing the amount of consumed candy on the effect-coded ED manipulation (À1 for low ED, +1 for high ED) and the standardized RE scale resulted in a significant outcome, R 2 = .15, F(2, 133) = 12.09, p &lt; .001. Adding the cross-product of these two predictors significantly increased the amount of variance explained, ΔR 2 = .06, p &lt; 001. Results showed that, in addition to the main effects of the experimental manipulation, ß = .34, p &lt; .001, and RE, ß = .19, p &lt; .01, the interaction term also reached significance, ß = .25, p &lt; .001. Thus, RE moderated the ED effect on candy consumption in a positive direction. That is, for participants with a higher score on RE (+1 SD), the ED effect simple slope was large and significant, b = 1.92, SE = 0.35, p &lt; .001. The slope for participants low in RE (À1 SD) did not significantly differ from zero, b = 0.26, SE = 0.35, p = .45. Hence, only participants who reported habitual RE practices over the last five years consumed more chocolate after completing a highly ego-depleting task (vs. low ED).</p><p>The same procedure was then employed with TSC (instead of RE) as a moderator. Paralleling the results for RE, ED, and TSC conjointly predicted a significant amount of variance in the criterion, R 2 = .30, F(2, 134) = 29.49, p &lt; .001. Again, adding the interaction term significantly increased the explained variance, ΔR 2 = .07, p &lt; .001. Thus, the main effects of ED, ß = .32, p &lt; .001, and TSC, ß = .44, p &lt; .001, were qualified by a significant interaction, ß = .26, p &lt; .001. Contrary to the assumption of a protective effect of TSC, a general disposition to control one's impulses led to greater vulnerability to the effect of an ED manipulation on the consumption of tempting food, b = 1.87, SE = 0.31, p &lt; .001 (simple slope test at +1 SD). In contrast, participants low in TSC (À1 SD) showed virtually no ED effect, b = 0.18, SE = 0.31, p = .57. Participants who self-reported highly self-controlled behaviour were observed to consume more candy following an ego-depleting manipulation (vs. low ED).</p><p>RE and TSC were moderately correlated, and so the parallel results could have been due to the shared variance of the two moderators. To estimate each moderator's unique effect, we entered the experimental manipulation, TSC, RE, and all their cross products including the three-way interaction simultaneously into a multiple regression to predict candy consumption. Whereas the main effects of the experimental condition, ß = .31, p &lt; .001, and TSC, ß = .40, p &lt; .001, remained stable, RE no longer had a main effect, ß = .07, p .30. More importantly, both two-way interactions remained significant, not qualified by the three-way interaction, ß = .05, p &gt; .52. The ED effect was thus independently moderated by TSC, ß = .19, p = .01, and RE, ß = .18, p = .01. <ref type="figure" coords="4,509.33,185.40,37.94,8.80;4,305.29,197.36,22.58,8.80" target="#fig_0">Figures 1  and 2</ref> show the plotted means for both two-way interactions (at AE1 SD) on the basis of the regression coefficients in this last regression equation.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>Candy is a high-calorie food that is generally desired, but that is avoided (for health and weight concerns) through successful self-regulation efforts. In this study, we replicated the effect that ED leads to increased candy consumption. We also replicated the finding that-ironically-those individuals who try hardest to inhibit the impulse to eat high-calorie foods (restrained eaters) are most vulnerable to the ED effect.   Controlling for body mass index and pre-experimental feelings of hunger did not alter the results. Adding to this, the same was true for dispositional TSC. Participants who described themselves as highly self-controlled showed an increase in chocolate consumption after the high-ED task. We also looked at the relationship between the two moderators (RE and TSC). Some might argue that TSC could be the more distal personality variable of the more proximal RE and thus basically tap into the same variance. However, our data suggest otherwise: The moderation effects were independent from each other, thus having unique and incremental validity. Another noteworthy result is the positive zero-order correlation of TSC and candy consumption that might raise doubt about the validity of the TSC measurement. It is thus important to realize that the reported correlations are calculated across both ED conditions and will thus be largely driven by the positive ironic effect under high ED. Control analyses revealed that there is no significant correlation between TSC and candy consumption under low ED. This ironic effect of TSC is at odds with the view of TSC as a protective factor that would ultimately lead to more self-controlled behaviour. However, it may be that candy consumption is a special case in this regard. There exists the view that the physiological base of ED is glucose consumption ; but see <ref type="bibr" coords="5,253.99,353.38,36.07,8.80;5,48.02,365.40,21.03,8.80" target="#b36">Kurzban, 2010)</ref>. It has been claimed that self-control depletes relatively large amounts of blood glucose  and that one single act of self-control is sufficient for glucose to drop below optimal levels . It might thus be argued that glucose intake after ED is highly functional to optimize self-regulation in one's everyday life after the lab session. In that sense, the enhanced sugar intake after ED could be interpreted as a rational strategy intended to optimize blood glucose levels rather than as a failure of self-control. We thus sought to expand the findings to other dependent variables to de-confound self-control failure from functional recovery of self-regulatory resources.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY 2</head><p>We conducted a second study with a different ED manipulation and, more importantly, with two conceptually different dependent variables: risky behaviour and achievement motivation. Recent research suggests that ego-depleted individuals are willing to take more risk than non-depleted individuals. After typical ED manipulations, participants bought more lottery tickets <ref type="bibr" coords="5,75.68,629.37,181.69,8.80" target="#b9">(Bruyneel, Dewitte, Franses, &amp; Dekimpe, 2009</ref>), opted for more risky options in hypothetical situations <ref type="bibr" coords="5,252.85,641.39,37.21,8.80;5,48.02,653.41,73.27,8.80" target="#b17">(Freeman &amp; Muraven, 2010)</ref>, and risked more 'pumps' in the Balloon Analogue Risk Task (BART; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,166.00,665.37,105.56,8.80" target="#b17">Freeman &amp; Muraven, 2010</ref>; for the BART, see <ref type="bibr" coords="5,111.46,677.39,76.64,8.80" target="#b38">Lejuez et al., 2002)</ref>. If self-control resources are depleted, people will make riskier but ultimately more costly decisions. We tested whether TSC moderated this effect, and if so, in which direction.</p><p>As a second dependent variable, we used a measure of achievement motivation. Achievement and performance constitute a classical domain of self-controlled behaviour <ref type="bibr" coords="5,48.02,761.41,91.84,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref>. In fact, typical items tapping into self-control include behavioural descriptions such as working effectively and being self-disciplined or procrastinating (for reverse-coded items). Several studies have demonstrated that ED manipulations lead to a decrease in task persistence (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,336.13,113.40,84.97,8.80" target="#b48">Price &amp; Yates, 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,424.52,113.40,72.38,8.80" target="#b57">Vohs et al., 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,500.43,113.40,54.55,8.80;5,313.00,125.37,22.84,8.80" target="#b61">Zyphur et al., 2007)</ref> as well as reduced performance on several cognitive tasks (for an overview, see <ref type="bibr" coords="5,422.14,137.39,77.58,8.80" target="#b27">Hagger et al., 2010)</ref>. Importantly, both of these variables share a common motivational antecedent. Task persistence is closely related to individuals' motivation to excel, commonly labelled achievement motivation (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,337.49,185.41,108.04,8.80" target="#b8">Brunstein &amp; Maier, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,450.43,185.41,57.23,8.80" target="#b11">Cooper, 1983)</ref>. Similarly, achievement motivation has also been shown to directly predict success or task performance (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,495.72,209.39,59.35,8.80" target="#b11">Cooper, 1983;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,313.00,221.41,115.02,8.80" target="#b34">Karabenick &amp; Youssef, 1968)</ref>. We theorized that achievement motivation, task persistence, and task performance represent sequential stages of performance-related behaviour (cf., the Rubicon model of action phases; <ref type="bibr" coords="5,455.42,257.41,99.56,8.80;5,313.00,269.37,22.32,8.80" target="#b0">Achtziger &amp; Gollwitzer, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,339.54,269.37,75.34,8.80" target="#b28">Heckhausen, 1991)</ref>. Thus, following from the robust effect of ED on both task persistence and performance, selfregulation failure might already become visible at an earlier stage of performance-related behaviour: the motivation to excel. This notion is corroborated by a recent finding that ego-depleted students self-selected easier tasks than nondepleted students, thus exhibiting a lower achievement motivation <ref type="bibr" coords="5,358.24,353.39,85.77,8.80" target="#b48">(Price &amp; Yates, 2010)</ref>. We expected achievement motivation to be lower after ED and explored whether this effect was contingent on TSC.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participants</head><p>One hundred twenty-seven students (92 women, 35 men) participated in this study in exchange for monetary compensation. Their average age was 21.8 years (SD = 2.6). Allocation of participants to the experimental conditions was independent of age, t(125) = 1.313, p = .19, and sex, w 2 &lt; 1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ego depletion manipulation</head><p>We used a working memory capacity task (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="5,504.29,521.36,50.79,8.80;5,313.00,533.38,73.52,8.80" target="#b47">Park, Glaser, &amp; Knowles, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,389.60,533.38,109.75,8.80">Schmeichel, 2007, Study 3;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,502.42,533.38,52.56,8.80;5,313.00,545.40,17.69,8.80" target="#b60">Wright et al., 2007</ref>, Studies 1 and 2) to induce ED. Recent research has suggested that working memory capacity plays a role in selfcontrol tasks such as the inhibition of prepotent automatic behavioural tendencies and the shielding of explicitly endorsed attitudes <ref type="bibr" coords="5,349.63,593.36,205.44,8.80;5,313.00,605.38,22.84,8.80" target="#b31">(Hofmann, Gschwender, Friese, Wiers, &amp; Schmitt, 2008)</ref> as well as emotion suppression <ref type="bibr" coords="5,460.29,605.38,94.68,8.80;5,313.00,617.40,70.74,8.80" target="#b51">(Schmeichel, Volokhov, &amp; Demaree, 2008)</ref>. We built on the idea that working memory is more than just a passive memory container and is, rather, an active, self-control behaviour in which attention is used to maintain or suppress information <ref type="bibr" coords="5,451.56,653.40,53.71,8.80" target="#b14">(Engle, 2002)</ref>. To induce low versus high ED, we manipulated whether participants had to exert less or more self-control, that is, hold a small or large amount of information in their working memory. To this end, we adapted a computation span task <ref type="bibr" coords="5,493.01,701.36,61.97,8.80;5,313.00,713.38,160.50,8.80" target="#b46">(Oberauer, Süß, Schulze, Wilhelm, &amp; Wittmann, 2000)</ref> to create low-and high-ED versions. All participants had to judge whether the result of an equation was true or false. Furthermore, the correct results of each equation had to be remembered and entered in the correct order on the keyboard. The two conditions differed in the number of equations that had to be completed before the results could be entered. Whereas participants in the low-ED condition had to remember the results of two equations, participants in the high-ED condition had to remember four to eight equations. Participants completed 180 trials in both conditions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Measured moderator</head><p>The measure of TSC was identical to the one used in Study 1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Dependent variables</head><p>Game of dice task. The game of dice task (GDT; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,257.96,203.37,24.33,8.80;6,40.25,215.39,45.96,8.80" target="#b7">Brand et al., 2005</ref>) is a computerized decision task that provides explicit information about the gains and losses associated with given choices. Participants were instructed to maximize their fictitious starting capital of 1000 € within 10 rounds of throwing a single die. Before each round, they had to bet on either a single number or a combination of two, three, or four numbers. If the die showed a number they had chosen (either as a single number or within a combination), they won an amount of money (a single number: 1000 € gain/loss; combination of two numbers: 500 € gain/loss; combination of three numbers: 200 € gain/ loss; combination of four numbers: 100 € gain/loss). If not, they lost the same amount. Thus, betting high amounts of money (500 € or 1000 € on a single number) was a riskier option. As each of these choices has a different winning probability ranging from 16.6% to 66.6%, it follows that risky decisions are also more disadvantageous. Participants had to make a total of 10 decisions within the game. After each throw, the gain or loss was indicated on the screen. The computer also displayed the participants' current money total, as well as the number of remaining rounds. In the GDT, two out of the four possible choices are defined as 'advantageous' or 'not risky' because they have a winning probability of 50% or higher. The other two options are referred to as 'disadvantageous' or 'risky' because they have a winning probability of less than 50% and result in high losses. The GDT score 'risky decisions' is defined as the number of risky decisions accrued after 10 rounds. Higher GDT risk scores indicate more risky decisions. Reliability was estimated by the Spearman-Brown-corrected correlation between GDT test halves (a = .71). Achievement motivation. Achievement motivation was measured using a German version of the Achievement Motives Scale (AMS; <ref type="bibr" coords="6,136.97,620.41,108.32,8.80" target="#b25">Gjesme &amp; Nygard, 1970;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="6,250.36,620.41,31.84,8.80;6,40.25,632.37,116.00,8.80">German version: Lang &amp; Fries, 2007)</ref>. The AMS contains five items (e.g., 'I like situations in which I can find out how capable I am'), and higher achievement motivation is indicated by higher scores (scale ranging from 1 to 6).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>The study was conducted in the laboratory in group sessions of up to five individuals. Upon arrival, participants were seated at individual computer stations where they completed the TSC measure followed by the ED task, the AMS, and the GDT. After that, participants were debriefed and thanked.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Preliminary analyses</head><p>All continuous variables were screened for univariate outliers (|SD| &gt; 3), but none were found. The two dependent variables were unrelated, but across the whole sample, higher TSC was related to less achievement motivation and more risky decisions <ref type="table" coords="6,344.92,143.39,35.86,8.80" target="#tab_1">(Table 2)</ref>. To test whether these bivariate relationships were moderated by ED, we conducted moderated regression analyses for each dependent variable independently.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Risky behaviour</head><p>A high degree of ED led to more risky decisions, M = 4.62, SD = 1.64, than low ED, M = 3.97, SD = 1.09, t(100.72) = 2.59, p &lt; .01, d = .52. The number of risky decisions in the dice task was regressed on the experimental manipulation of ED and the standardized TSC scale, resulting in a significant amount of explained variance, R 2 = .15, F(2, 124) = 10.50, p &lt; .001. Importantly, adding the cross-product significantly increased the explained variance, ΔR 2 = .12, p &lt; 001, and the main effects of ED, ß = .22, p &lt; .01, and TSC, ß = .26, p &lt; .001, were qualified by their interaction, ß = .35, p &lt; .001. Simple slope analyses revealed that the ED manipulation did not lead to an increase in risky decisions for participants low in TSC, b = À0.18, SE = 0.15, p = .26 <ref type="figure" coords="6,418.45,358.37,37.70,8.80">(Figure 3)</ref>. However, participants high in TSC were prone to making significantly more risky decisions after high (vs. low) ED induction, b = 0.80, SE = 0.15, p &lt; .001. Thus, a positive relationship between TSC and risky behaviour was found only under high ED. .84 3.17 0.69 À.23* .31** Note: N = 127. Achievement motivation on a scale from 1 to 6, risky decisions between 0 and 10, and TSC on a scale from 1 to 5. **p &lt; .01; *p &lt; .05. <ref type="figure" coords="6,305.29,753.71,25.62,7.04">Figure 3</ref>. Number of risky decisions in a game of dice task as a function of ego depletion and trait self-control in Study 2.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Achievement motivation</head><p>As expected, ED led to a decrease in achievement motivation. Participants in the high-ED condition had lower AMS scores, M = 4.34, SD = 0.80, than participants in the low-ED condition, M = 4.69, SD = 0.66, t(114.46) = 2.71, p &lt; .01, d = 0.51. Regressing achievement motivation on the effect-coded ED manipulation (À1 for low ED, +1 for high ED) and the standardized TSC scale revealed a significant outcome, R 2 = .10, F(2, 124) = 7.21, p &lt; .001. Adding the cross-product of these two predictors significantly increased the amount of variance explained, ΔR 2 = .08, p &lt; 001. Results showed that the main effects of the experimental manipulation, ß = À.23, p .01, and TSC, ß = À.19, p &lt; .05, were qualified by a significant interaction, ß = À.29, p = .001 ( <ref type="figure" coords="7,186.69,221.40,33.34,8.80" target="#fig_2">Figure 4)</ref>. Thus, TSC moderated the ED effect on achievement motivation in a negative direction. That is, for high-TSC participants, the ED effect was large and significant, b = À0.38, SE = 0.09, p &lt; .001, whereas for low-TSC participants, the ED manipulation showed no effect, b = 0.04, SE = 0.09, p = .61. Thus, TSC was negatively related to achievement motivation only if participants were previously depleted.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>The findings consistently replicated the findings of Study 1 in showing an ironic effect of TSC. ED led to an increase in risky decisions but a decrease in achievement motivation. However, these effects were more pronounced for high-TSC participants. The replication of the ED effect on risk-taking behaviour was thus complemented by a previously unexplored-and seemingly paradoxical-moderation of this effect. Participants who reported high levels of TSC were more risk prone after ED than low-TSC participants. Furthermore, we have demonstrated an effect of ED on (self-reported) achievement motivation. Complementing the literature on ED effects on task persistence and task performance, this shows that ED also has an effect at an earlier stage of a performance-related behavioural sequence. Importantly, this effect was also moderated by TSC such that high-TSC participants showed the lowest achievement motivation after ED. The moderation analyses also showed that the unexpected zero-order correlations between TSC and the number of risky decisions and achievement motivation were entirely driven by the high-ED condition. In the low-ED condition, the opposite was apparent (but not different from zero): High TSC was associated with fewer risky decisions and more achievement motivation. Taken together, the first two studies report an ironic effect of TSC after ED on three dependent variables. These findings are difficult to reconcile with the positive view of TSC pervasive in the literature. Why did participants who describe themselves as highly self-controlled in their daily life show more self-control failure in our experimental settings? One straight-forward explanation could be based on the suspicion that self-reported levels of TSC are simply inaccurate. It may be tempting to accept the low validity of TSC self-reports as an explanation of our findings. However, such an argument does not explain why high-TSC participants are indeed better adjusted in everyday life, as can be derived from the association of TSC with non-self-reported variables such as academic achievements <ref type="bibr" coords="7,368.33,269.37,84.72,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref>, rule violation <ref type="bibr" coords="7,514.21,269.37,40.77,8.80;7,313.00,281.38,92.07,8.80" target="#b40">(Muraven, Pogarsky, et al., 2006)</ref>, or perpetration of partner violence <ref type="bibr" coords="7,313.00,293.40,191.25,8.80" target="#b16">(Finkel, DeWall, Slotter, Oaten, &amp; Foshee, 2009)</ref>.</p><p>As a second explanation, it may be that experimental ED tasks put high-TSC individuals in positions that are unknown to them. It has become increasingly accepted in self-control research that successful self-control in real life may rely on inherently different strategies than the active inhibition of impulsive behaviour <ref type="bibr" coords="7,394.98,365.40,51.56,8.80" target="#b19">(Fujita, 2011)</ref>. Indeed, high-TSC persons seem to more frequently use strategies that avoid any encounter with tempting situations. They therefore engage less frequently in the effortful inhibition of impulses than low-TSC persons <ref type="bibr" coords="7,313.00,413.36,195.82,8.80" target="#b30">(Hofmann, Baumeister, Förster, &amp; Vohs, 2012)</ref>. Avoiding temptation, a naïve variant of the effective behavioural therapeutic technique of stimulus control is highly effective in everyday life as it does not entail the risk of depleting one's resources while actively inhibiting.</p><p>However, engaging in effortful inhibition of impulses has been shown to be a capacity that can be trained. Within the strength model of self-control <ref type="bibr" coords="7,453.94,497.38,101.13,8.80;7,313.00,509.40,21.11,8.80" target="#b39">(Muraven &amp; Baumeister, 2000)</ref>, actively suppressing one's desires will train the self-control muscle and make it more likely that temptation can be actively resisted in the future <ref type="bibr" coords="7,458.14,533.38,96.81,8.80" target="#b2">(Baumeister et al., 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,454.34,545.40,100.62,8.80;7,313.00,557.36,44.84,8.80" target="#b42">Muraven, Baumeister, &amp; Tice, 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,360.57,557.36,89.44,8.80" target="#b43">Oaten &amp; Cheng, 2006a</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,450.01,557.36,29.82,8.80" target="#b44">, 2006b</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="7,479.83,557.36,24.11,8.80" target="#b50">, 2007</ref>. Ironically, the fact that high-TSC individuals avoid tempting situations means that they also hardly engage in active inhibition, potentially resulting in a weaker ability to resist temptation once they are forcibly confronted with it. Therefore, we conducted a third study to clarify the relationships among TSC, impulse strength, impulse inhibition, and self-regulatory success in routine self-regulation behaviour.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY 3</head><p>We conducted a cross-sectional study to explore the relationship between TSC and the average frequency of impulse inhibition across 16 different domains of routine self-controlled behaviour. On the basis of the reasoning outlined earlier, we expected TSC to be associated with less frequent impulse inhibition attempts. To gain a more fine-grained understanding of TSC in everyday self-regulation situations, we also assessed perceived desire strengths as well as perceived self-regulation success across these domains.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head><p>Participants A total of 358 individuals (310 women, 45 men; mean age = 25.16 years, SD = 6.91) participated in an online study on daily temptations and how well people could overcome their weaker self. Participation was completely voluntary, and no compensation was offered.</p><p>Everyday self-regulatory behaviour A list of 16 self-control relevant behaviours was created and included either short-term temptations that required inhibition (e.g., eating candy, drinking alcohol, procrastinating, playing video games) or short-term efforts (e.g., studying, being on time, exercise) that needed to be initiated to reach longterm goals such as better health, academic achievement, and fulfilling social relationships. For each of these domains, we assessed the strength of temptation by asking, 'How difficult is it for you to resist the following temptations?' or respectively, 'How difficult is it for you to pull yourself together to engage in the following activities?' on a continuous slider scale from 0 (weak temptation/not difficult) to 100 (strong temptation/very difficult). This was followed by our main variable of interest: the frequency of self-control efforts. For each of the 16 domains, participants indicated on a scale from 0 (never) to 6 (several times a day) how often they inhibited an urge to give in to temptation or actively had to overcome their weaker self to engage in short-term efforts. Lastly, self-control success was assessed by asking, 'How often do you actually succeed in resisting these temptations/carrying out these activities?' on a scale from 1 (never) to 7 (always).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Self-control scales</head><p>After reporting these aspects of routine self-regulatory behaviour, participants completed the same TSC scale as in the previous two studies. In addition, the German version <ref type="bibr" coords="8,244.48,540.13,37.79,8.80;8,40.25,552.15,80.40,8.80" target="#b5">(Bertrams &amp; Dickhäuser, 2009</ref>) of the well-established SCS <ref type="bibr" coords="8,244.91,552.15,37.43,8.80;8,40.25,564.11,45.75,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref> was included to test whether the presumed relation was specific to our TSC scale.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>All three aspects of everyday self-regulatory behaviour proved sufficiently consistent across the 16 domains <ref type="table" coords="8,225.02,638.38,36.17,8.80" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>. We therefore aggregated across these domains to reach one indicator of average temptation strength, average frequency of self-control efforts, and average self-control success, respectively. Intercorrelations of these scales revealed that stronger temptation required more self-control efforts and that both were negative predictors of self-control success <ref type="table" coords="8,241.57,710.38,37.22,8.80" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>.</p><p>More importantly, TSC was related to a lower frequency of actually engaging in self-control efforts. 1 Instead, individual differences in TSC corresponded with individual differences in perceived temptation strength. This pattern was identical for the TSC scale employed in Studies 1 and 2, as well as the German version of the standard SCS <ref type="bibr" coords="8,449.63,125.36,97.73,8.80;8,305.29,137.38,16.82,8.80" target="#b5">(Bertrams &amp; Dickhäuser, 2009</ref>). Speaking to the convergent validity of these two scales, they were highly intercorrelated.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>As hypothesized, participants who described themselves as highly self-controlled effectively engaged in fewer self-control consuming efforts in their everyday life. In fact, individual differences in self-reported TSC did not tap into individual differences in the ability to inhibit one's impulses but rather into individual differences in the strength of these impulses. Whether these desire strengths can actually be accurately introspected or whether they are inferred from the fact that few problems arise in these domains is open to debate. Importantly, the findings align well with the recent proposal that TSC may operate more by way of establishing effective habits and routines than by resisting single temptations <ref type="bibr" coords="8,499.98,340.40,47.29,8.80;8,305.29,352.36,237.77,8.80" target="#b49">(de Ridder, Lensvelt-Mulders, Finkenauer, Stok, &amp; Baumeister, 2011)</ref>. Empirically, a large ambulatory experience sampling study also showed that TSC was related to lower desire strengths and less active resistance against temptation <ref type="bibr" coords="8,482.29,388.36,64.98,8.80;8,305.29,400.38,21.03,8.80" target="#b30">(Hofmann et al., 2012)</ref>. Thus, people high in TSC seem to avoid temptations in the first place, which also leads them to experience less self-control conflict situations in which impulses have to be actively inhibited.</p><p>How does this conceptualization of TSC offer an explanation for our ironic findings? Crucially, participants in our Studies 1 and 2 were forced to encounter temptations independent of whether they avoided such encounters in real life. In that sense, the experimental situations might have been less common and more artificial for high-TSC participants. Highly self-controlled participants who are used to avoiding exposure to tempting sweets in real life were seated in front of a bowl of chocolate after completing a depleting task. Actively inhibiting the impulse to eat candy is something they may have been less used to do in their routine activities, and they may have lacked the everyday training to successfully inhibit it. This process assumption could be supported in future work by demonstrating that high-TSC individuals experience themselves as less able to cope with tempting situations. An alternative view could be based on the reasoning that resisting one's impulses is more central to the self-concept of high-TSC individuals. Thus, ED manipulations tax them in a twofold sense: The manipulations deplete cognitive resources (as they do for everybody), but additionally evoke fear about self-control failure and thus potentially further deplete resources needed to resist temptations. This reasoning could receive support from future data showing greater feelings of fatigue and exhaustion in high-TSC individuals after ED. 2</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>GENERAL DISCUSSION</head><p>In two studies, we have provided empirical support for our argument that dispositional TSC exposes individuals to the danger of self-regulation failures after situational ED. We found this effect by utilizing two different ED manipulations (i.e. modified Stroop task, working memory capacity task) for three different dependent variables, including such selfregulation relevant domains as appetitive/impulsive behaviour (i.e. candy consumption, risky behaviour) and performancerelated behaviour (i.e. achievement motivation). This ironic effect of TSC after ED has not been explored previously. In fact, little attention has been paid to the interplay of trait and state self-control, and the existing empirical evidence is mixed <ref type="bibr" coords="9,48.02,389.38,84.04,8.80" target="#b27">(Hagger et al., 2010)</ref>. In trying to understand this puzzling effect, we explored the relationship between TSC and relevant everyday self-regulation behaviour. In line with more recent conceptualizations of TSC, our results corroborate that the view of high TSC as the frequent active inhibition of acute strong impulses needs to be corrected to reflect that high-TSC individuals rather seem to actively avoid tempting situations. Our lab-based exposure to tempting cues might thus have been more unusual for them, as they were confronted with self-control conflicts they had less experience resisting.</p><p>It should be noted that our findings are at odds with previously published studies that showed a buffering effect of TSC on ED. Trying to make sense of these inconsistencies, it should be noted that our studies bear some advantages over previous studies. First, we have shown an effect on different behavioural variables, candy consumption and risk-taking behaviour. Second, both our ED manipulations were contentfree tasks that could not be resisted by merely suppressing the evoked content (as opposed to mortality salience manipulations). Also, modified Stroop tasks are a well-established ED manipulation (average meta-analytic effect size d = .40; <ref type="bibr" coords="9,261.30,629.37,28.68,8.80;9,48.02,641.38,47.65,8.80" target="#b27">Hagger et al., 2010)</ref>. Finally, although our scale cannot be called a standard scale, its operationalization relied on common definitions of self-control, and it showed high convergence with the standard SCS scale <ref type="bibr" coords="9,143.43,677.39,121.68,8.80" target="#b5">(Bertrams &amp; Dickhäuser, 2009</ref>) as it was empirically derived from standard scales assessing selfcontrol-related traits <ref type="bibr" coords="9,128.98,701.37,101.48,8.80" target="#b52">(Schmidt &amp; Imhoff, 2011)</ref>.</p><p>Despite an apparently provocative contradiction against the positive view on TSC implied in the strength model of self-control, our results are in principle reconcilable with it under specific assumptions. As an example, a prominent conceptualization of TSC has emphasized that individuals who are good at self-control know how to use their scarce self-regulatory resources in highly efficient ways, as captured in the descriptive term conservation hypothesis <ref type="bibr" coords="9,513.41,245.38,41.53,8.80;9,313.00,257.40,106.36,8.80" target="#b41">(Muraven, Shmueli, &amp; Burkley, 2006)</ref>. If this reasoning is adopted, then it would be inferred that high-TSC individuals appeared more vulnerable to ED manipulations because they did not waste much effort towards self-control in these conditions, wanting instead to save their scarce self-control resources for later. The fact that in Study 2 greater vulnerability of high-TSC individuals was found not only in the first (i.e. achievement motivation) but also in a second dependent variable (i.e. risky behaviour) may be taken as a preliminary indication against this explanation. To defend the conservation hypothesis, one would need to hypothesize that participants were saving their resources for tasks outside of the laboratory situation. Although this may be a legitimate argument, it clearly points to epistemological pitfalls of such auxiliary assumptions. Accepting this possibility makes it impossible to falsify the protective account of TSC: If high-TSC individuals do better after ED, they are protected by TSC. If they do worse, they are just saving their scarce resources for more relevant situations. Thus, allowing to make these additional assumptions about conservation would make the whole model immune to empirical contradictions.</p><p>Ironically, the strength model also allows for a diametrically opposed explanation in dual-task paradigms. Individuals high in TSC could have spent more effort in the initial ED tasks, thus wasting their scarce self-control resources on the irrelevant task (anti-conservation hypothesis). We conducted control analyses to test for this alternative explanation. However, average response latency and error rates in the Stroop (Study 1) or working memory capacity task (Study 2) were not related to TSC or the dependent variables in either the low-ED, |r | &lt; .18, p &gt; .14, or the high-ED condition, | r | &lt; .16, p &gt; .22. Thus, exhaustion of high-TSC individuals in the ED-inducing first task can be ruled out as an explanation for the effects.</p><p>On a more conceptual level, future research should elucidate under which conditions TSC has protective versus detrimental effects on self-control in dual-task paradigms. We reasoned that the greater vulnerability of high-TSC participants was attributable to the fact that their routine regulation strategies (e.g., stimulus control) became futile when they were confronted with situations they otherwise would have avoided and consequently had little experience with. However, tempting situations cannot only be avoided physically, but also .86 3.18 0.79 À.57** À.19** .50** 5. Self-control scale <ref type="bibr" coords="9,122.91,142.81,21.73,7.92">(SCS)</ref> .86 2.79 0.71 À.67** À.33** .49** .72** Note: N = 358. Average temptation strength from 0 to 100, average frequency of self-control efforts from 0 to 6, average self-control success from 0 to 7, and TSC and SCS on a scale from 1 to 5. **p &lt; .01; *p &lt; .05.</p><p>psychologically. If individuals decide beforehand that they will not become engaged with the tempting stimulus, their likelihood of resisting should increase. An example of such psychological stimulus control could be seen in implementation intentions <ref type="bibr" coords="10,98.53,113.40,134.56,8.80" target="#b26">(Gollwitzer &amp; Brandstaetter, 1997)</ref>. Implementation intentions describe a self-regulatory strategy linking a rather abstract intended goal ('I want to achieve goal x') to very concrete, goal-directed behaviours ('I intend to (not) do y when situation z is encountered in order to achieve goal x'). Empirically, implementation intentions served as a protective factor against ED effects <ref type="bibr" coords="10,116.90,185.40,99.58,8.80" target="#b58">(Webb &amp; Sheeran, 2003)</ref>. As it is highly plausible that high-TSC individuals more frequently rely on implementation intentions, the effect of TSC on ED effects might be moderated by whether they have a chance to develop such intentions a priori or not. Future research could manipulate whether participants are offered the opportunity or even actively encouraged to form such intentions (a priori information about the temptation to follow) or not. Another aspect future research might elucidate is the different role of TSC in either resisting temptations to reach long-term goals or initiating (unpleasant) short-term effort to reach long-term goals (recently labelled stop and start control; de Boer, <ref type="bibr" coords="10,119.11,329.40,122.12,8.80" target="#b6">van Hooft, &amp; Bakker, 2011)</ref>. All our dependent measures were instances of stop control, requiring the necessity to overcome temptations. Thus, the backfiring effect of TSC might only be existent for such instances but not if an initiation of effort is required (e.g., an anagram task). In relation to our proposed explanation, it might very well be that people high in TSC have less routine in stop control (as they avoid tempting situations) but more experience in start control (e.g., initiating such planful avoidance). In line with such an interpretation, both TSC scales were negatively related to the frequency of resisting short-term temptation but not investing short-term effort in Study 3. Future research might directly address this differentiation.</p><p>That said, we caution against the premature characterization of TSC as increasing the vulnerability for self-control failure in per se. As argued earlier, the ironic effect we found might be because the highly efficient stimulus-control strategy of high-TSC individuals to avoid tempting situations in the first place is blocked in experimental ED studies. Thus, our findings clearly do not invalidate the plethora of general findings providing support for positive effects of TSC <ref type="bibr" coords="10,222.41,569.39,59.86,8.80;10,40.25,581.40,55.94,8.80" target="#b1">(Baumeister &amp; Alquist, 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,98.81,581.40,82.00,8.80" target="#b55">Tangney et al., 2004)</ref>. However, it may be that the highly efficient avoidance of tempting situations that characterizes successful self-control attempts does not come without costs. When encountering commonly avoided temptations, high-TSC individuals may ironically be particularly bad at resisting these temptations and thus more vulnerable to situation-specific self-control failure.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="4,305.29,549.73,242.01,7.04;4,305.29,558.69,118.31,7.04"><head>Figure 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Candy consumption (in grams) as a function of ego depletion and habitual restrained eating in Study 1.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="4,305.29,753.71,242.01,7.04;4,305.29,762.72,89.00,7.04"><head>Figure 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Candy consumption (in grams) as a function of ego depletion and trait self-control in Study 1.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="7,48.02,753.71,242.01,7.04;7,48.02,762.72,134.69,7.04"><head>Figure 4 .</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Achievement motivation (hope for success) as a function of ego depletion and trait self-control in Study 2.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="4,40.25,644.31,242.03,125.71"><head>Table 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics, internal consistency, and zero-order correlations of all continuous variables in Study 1 Note: N = 137. Candy consumption in grams, TSC on a scale from 1 to 5, and RE on a scale from 1 to 7. **p &lt; .01; *p &lt; .05.</figDesc><table coords="4,40.25,674.02,242.03,46.92">Variable 
a 
M 
SD 
1 
2 

1. Candy consumption 
-20.55 3.24 
2. Trait self-control (TSC) .85 
3.20 0.74 .45** 
3. Restrained eating (RE) 
.88 
3.40 1.54 .20* 
.29** 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="6,305.29,440.27,241.95,76.69"><head>Table 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics, internal consistency, and zero-order correlations of all continuous variables in Study 2</figDesc><table coords="6,305.29,469.98,234.11,46.98">Variable 
a 
M 
SD 
1 
2 

1. Achievement motivation .88 4.53 0.75 
2. Risky decisions 
.71 4.28 1.41 À.14 
3. Trait self-control (TSC) 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="9,48.02,64.06,499.09,76.63"><head>Table 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Descriptive statistics, internal consistency, and zero-order correlations of all continuous variables in Study 3 Trait self-control (TSC)</figDesc><table coords="9,48.02,83.73,499.09,56.96">Variable 
a 
M 
S D 
1 
2 
3 
4 

1. Average strength of temptation 
.63 
45.93 
11.21 
2. Average frequency of self-control efforts 
.71 
2.56 
0.57 
.32** 
3. Average self-control success 
.73 
4.82 
0.76 
À.60** 
À.19** 
4. </table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright © 2013 European Association of Personality Psychology Eur. J. Pers. 28: 413-424 (2014) DOI: 10.1002/per</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">Post-hoc control analyses revealed that this was particularly the case for the frequency of resisting short-term temptation and not significantly so for the frequency of investing short-term effort. Full analyses can be obtained from the authors.2  We are grateful to an anonymous reviewer for providing a helpful comment regarding future studies.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Copyright © 2013 European Association of Personality PsychologyEur. J. Pers. 28: 413-424(2014)</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>I'm pretty good about pacing myself so as to get things done on time. UPPS 4.</p><p>Before I start to tackle a new task, I usually make a plan. VCI-S3 5.</p><p>People would say that I have iron self-discipline. SCS 6.</p><p>If a task needs to be completed, I prefer to tackle it immediately. VCI-S3 7.</p><p>People can count on me to keep on schedule. SCS 8.</p><p>I am a productive person who always gets the job done. UPPS 9.</p><p>I keep everything neat. SCS 10.</p><p>When something needs to be done, I prefer to begin at once.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>VCI-S3</head><p>Note: Source indicates original item source. Items from SCS and UPPS were translated into German. SCS, Self-Control Scale <ref type="bibr" coords="12,40.25,356.16,87.82,8.80" target="#b55">(Tangney et al., 2004)</ref>; UPPS, UPPS Impulsive Behavior Scale <ref type="bibr" coords="12,297.76,356.16,112.31,8.80" target="#b59">(Whiteside &amp; Lynam, 2001)</ref>; VCI-S3, Volitional Components Inventory <ref type="bibr" coords="12,81.58,368.12,103.75,8.80" target="#b35">(Kuhl &amp; Fuhrmann, 1998)</ref>.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,704.97,242.14,7.92;10,49.27,715.01,232.99,7.92;10,49.27,724.99,225.74,7.92" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Motivation and volition in the course of action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Achtziger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Motivation and action</title>
		<editor>J. Heckhausen, &amp; H. Heckhausen</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York, NY</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="272" to="295" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,40.25,735.02,242.03,7.92;10,49.27,745.00,232.99,7.92;10,49.26,754.98,76.50,7.92" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Is there a downside to good self-control?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Alquist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>115-130. DOI: 10.1080/ 15298860802501474</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Self &amp; Identity</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,64.06,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,74.04,233.04,7.92;10,314.25,84.07,233.02,7.92;10,314.25,94.05,129.80,7.92" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ego depletion: Is the active self a limited resource</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Bratslavsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.74.5.1252</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1252" to="1263" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,104.03,242.01,7.92;10,314.25,114.07,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,124.04,77.39,7.92" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Losing control: How and why people fail at self-regulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Heatherton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<publisher>Academic Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>San Diego, CA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,134.02,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,144.06,233.04,7.92;10,314.25,154.04,230.37,7.92" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The strength model of self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Vohs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1467-8721.2007.00534.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="351" to="355" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,164.07,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,174.05,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,184.03,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,194.06,95.33,7.92" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Messung dispositioneller Selbstkontroll-Kapazität. Eine deutsche Adaptation der Kurzform der Self-Control Scale (SCS-K-D)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bertrams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Dickhäuser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1026/0012-1924.55.1.2</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Diagnostica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,204.04,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,214.07,233.06,7.92;10,314.25,224.05,185.70,7.92" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Stop and start control: A distinction within self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>De Boer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A J</forename><surname>Van Hooft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Bakker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/per.796</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="349" to="362" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,234.03,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,244.07,233.02,7.92;10,314.25,254.04,233.09,7.92;10,314.25,264.08,233.00,7.92;10,314.24,274.06,101.86,7.92" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Decision-making deficits of Korsakoff patients in a new gambling task with explicit rules-Associations with executive functions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Brand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Fujiwara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Borsutzky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kalbe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kessler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Markowitsch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0894-4105.19.3.267</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuropsychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="277" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,284.04,241.97,7.92;10,314.24,294.07,233.06,7.92;10,314.24,304.05,233.00,7.92;10,314.24,314.03,104.33,7.92" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implicit and self-attributed motives to achieve: Two separate but interacting needs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Brunstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Maier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.89.2.205</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="222" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,324.06,241.98,7.92;10,314.24,334.04,233.03,7.92;10,314.24,344.08,233.02,7.92;10,314.24,354.05,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,364.03,31.68,7.92" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">I felt low and my purse feels light: Depleting mood regulation attempts affect risk decision making</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bruyneel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dewitte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Franses</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dekimpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1002/ bdm.619</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Behavioral Decision Making</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="170" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,374.07,241.97,7.92;10,314.24,384.13,233.03,7.73;10,314.24,394.08,177.61,7.92" xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Applied multiple regression/correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Aiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>3rd edn</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,404.06,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,414.04,232.99,7.92;10,314.25,424.06,161.65,7.92" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An achievement motivation nomological network</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Cooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.44.4.841</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="841" to="861" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,434.04,241.95,7.92;10,314.25,444.07,233.01,7.92;10,314.25,454.05,233.02,7.92;10,314.25,464.03,206.29,7.92" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Violence restrained: Effects of self-regulation and its depletion on aggression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Stillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2005.12.005</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="62" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,474.06,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,484.04,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,494.02,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,504.06,208.00,7.92" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Moderation of resource depletion in the self-control strength model: Differing effects of two modes of self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Dvorak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Simons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0146167208330855</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="572" to="583" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,514.03,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,524.07,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,534.05,143.74,7.92" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Working memory capacity as executive attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Engle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/1467-8721.00160</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Directions in Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,544.03,241.97,7.92;10,314.25,554.06,233.03,7.92;10,314.25,564.04,154.99,7.92" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessment of eating disorders: Interview or self-report questionnaire?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Fairburn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Beglin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Eating Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="363" to="370" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,574.07,241.96,7.92;10,314.25,584.05,232.98,7.92;10,314.25,594.03,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,604.07,132.60,7.92" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-regulatory failure and intimate partner violence perpetration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Finkel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Slotter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Oaten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Foshee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0015433</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="483" to="499" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,614.04,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,624.08,232.98,7.92;10,314.25,634.06,181.69,7.92" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-control depletion leads to increased risk taking</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Freeman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">175-181.10.1177/1948550609360421</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychological and Personality Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,644.04,241.98,7.92;10,314.25,654.07,232.97,7.92;10,314.25,664.05,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,674.08,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,684.06,126.62,7.92" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When impulses take over: Moderated predictive validity of explicit and implicit attitude measures in predicting food choice and consumption behaviour</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Friese</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wänke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1348/014466607X241540</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="419" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,694.04,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,704.07,233.11,7.92;10,314.25,714.05,199.98,7.92" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On conceptualizing self-control as more than the effortful inhibition of impulses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Fujita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1088868311411165</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="352" to="366" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="10,305.29,724.03,241.99,7.92;10,314.25,734.07,233.04,7.92;10,314.25,744.04,233.05,7.92;10,314.25,754.08,72.00,7.92" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The physiology of willpower: Linking blood glucose to self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1177/ 1088868307303030</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="303" to="327" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,64.06,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,73.24,233.03,9.00" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Plant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,56.98,84.07,232.98,7.92;11,56.98,94.05,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,104.03,221.74,7.92" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-control relies on glucose as a limited energy source: Willpower is more than a metaphor</title>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.92.2.325</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="325" to="336" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,114.06,241.99,7.92;11,56.98,124.04,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,134.02,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,144.06,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,154.03,162.19,7.92" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-regulatory processes defend against the threat of death: Effects of self-control depletion and trait self-control on thoughts and fears of dying</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.1.49</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,164.07,241.93,7.92;11,56.98,174.05,233.02,7.92;11,56.98,184.03,232.99,7.92;11,56.98,194.06,169.22,7.92" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differentiating the effects of self-control and self-esteem on reactions to mortality salience</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2006.10.011</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="894" to="901" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,204.04,241.97,7.92;11,56.97,214.15,233.00,7.73;11,56.97,224.05,187.09,7.92" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Achievement-related motives: Theoretical considerations and construction of a measuring instrument</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Gjesme</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Nygard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1970" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Oslo</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Unpublished report</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,234.03,241.98,7.92;11,56.98,244.06,233.00,7.92;11,56.98,254.04,91.09,7.92" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implementation intention and effective goal pursuit</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Gollwitzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Brandstaetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="186" to="199" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,264.08,242.07,7.92;11,56.98,274.06,233.09,7.92;11,56.98,284.03,233.00,7.92;11,56.97,294.07,34.72,7.92" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ego depletion and the strength model of self-control: A metaanalysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hagger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Stiff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L D</forename><surname>Chatzisarantis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ a0019486</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="495" to="525" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,304.05,241.95,7.92;11,56.97,314.03,32.88,7.92" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Motivation and action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Heckhausen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York, NY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,324.06,241.98,7.92;11,56.97,334.12,233.03,7.73;11,56.97,344.07,214.45,7.92" xml:id="b29">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Eating Disorder Examination 2-Questionnaire. Deutschsprachige Übersetzung [German translation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Hilbert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Tuschen-Caffier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Verlag für Psychotherapie</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Münster</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,354.05,241.99,7.92;11,56.97,364.03,233.00,7.92;11,56.97,374.07,233.02,7.92;11,56.97,384.04,134.18,7.92" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Everyday temptations: An experience sampling study of desire, conflict, and self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Förster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Vohs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0026545</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,394.08,242.00,7.92;11,56.97,404.06,233.01,7.92;11,56.97,414.04,233.03,7.92;11,56.97,424.07,233.03,7.92;11,56.97,434.05,232.99,7.92;11,56.97,444.08,123.55,7.92" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Working memory capactiy and selfregulatory behavior: Toward an individual difference perspective on behavior determination by automatic versus controlled processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Gschwender</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Friese</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wiers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Schmitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0012705</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="962" to="977" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,454.06,241.99,7.92;11,56.97,464.04,233.01,7.92;11,56.97,474.08,233.00,7.92;11,56.97,484.05,233.00,7.92;11,56.97,494.03,97.94,7.92" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">And deplete us not into temptation: Automatic attitudes, dietary restraint, and self-regulatory resources as determinants of eating behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Rauch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gawronski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2006.05.004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="504" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,504.07,241.97,7.92;11,56.97,514.05,232.98,7.92;11,56.97,524.08,233.05,7.92;11,56.98,534.04,119.73,7.92" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conformity and dietary disinhibition: A test of the ego-strength model of selfregulation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kahan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Polivy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Herman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1002/eat.10132</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Eating Disorders</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="171" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,544.02,241.98,7.92;11,56.98,554.06,232.98,7.92;11,56.98,564.03,233.00,7.92;11,56.98,574.07,88.66,7.92" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Performance as a function of achievement motive level and perceived difficulty</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Karabenick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Youssef</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/h0026735</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="414" to="419" />
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,584.05,242.06,7.92;11,56.98,594.03,233.04,7.92;11,56.98,604.06,233.10,7.92;11,56.98,614.04,191.73,7.92" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Decomposing self-regulation and self-control: The volitional components checklist</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kuhl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Fuhrmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>J. Heckhausen, &amp; C. Dweck</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Lawrence Erlbaum</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="49" />
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Life span perspectives on motivation and control</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,624.07,241.96,7.92;11,56.98,634.05,232.48,7.92" xml:id="b36">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Does the brain consume additional glucose during self-control tasks? Evolutionary Psychology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kurzban</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="259" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,644.03,242.00,7.92;11,56.97,654.07,233.04,7.92;11,56.97,664.04,221.17,7.92" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A revised 10-item version of the Achievement Motives Scale</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W B</forename><surname>Lang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Fries</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1027/1015-5759.22.3.216</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Journal of Psychological Assessment</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="216" to="224" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,674.08,241.96,7.92;11,56.97,683.27,233.00,9.00;11,56.97,694.04,233.05,7.92;11,56.97,704.07,232.99,7.92;11,56.97,714.05,145.71,7.92" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of a behavioral measure of risk taking: The Balloon Analogue Risk Task (BART)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lejuez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Read</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kahler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Richards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ramsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Stuart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/1076-898X.8.2.75</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology: Applied</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,48.02,724.03,241.97,7.92;11,56.97,734.06,233.03,7.92;11,56.97,744.04,233.05,7.92;11,56.97,754.08,77.15,7.92" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-regulation and depletion of limited resources: Does self-control resemble a muscle?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ 0033-2909.126.2.247</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">126</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="259" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,64.07,241.99,7.92;11,322.01,74.04,232.98,7.92;11,322.01,84.08,223.72,7.92" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-control depletion and the general theory of crime</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pogarsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Shmueli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10940-006-9011-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Quantitative Criminology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="277" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,94.06,241.99,7.92;11,322.01,104.04,232.99,7.92;11,322.01,114.07,170.78,7.92" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Conserving self-control strength</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Shmueli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Burkley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.91.3.524</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="687" to="696" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,124.05,242.08,7.92;11,322.01,134.03,232.96,7.92;11,322.01,144.06,232.94,7.92;11,322.01,154.04,223.87,7.92" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Longitudinal improvement of self-regulation through practice: Building selfcontrol strength through repeated exercise</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Muraven</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/00224549909598404</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">139</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="446" to="457" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,164.08,242.06,7.92;11,322.01,174.05,232.97,7.92;11,322.01,184.03,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,194.06,80.98,7.92" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improved self-control: The benefits of a regular program of academic study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Oaten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1207/ s15324834basp2801_1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Basic and Applied Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="16" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,204.03,241.99,7.92;11,322.02,214.07,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,224.05,164.72,7.92" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Longitudinal gains in self-regulation from regular physical exercise</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Oaten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1348/135910706X96481</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Health Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="717" to="733" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,234.03,241.96,7.92;11,322.02,243.27,232.99,9.00;11,322.02,254.04,170.29,7.92" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvements in self-control from financial monitoring</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Oaten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.joep.2006.11.003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="487" to="501" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,264.07,242.10,7.92;11,322.02,274.05,232.97,7.92;11,322.02,284.03,233.06,7.92;11,322.01,294.07,117.44,7.92" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Working memory capacity: Facets of a cognitive ability construct</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Oberauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H.-M</forename><surname>Süß</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Schulze</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Wilhelm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wittmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0191-8869(99</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,304.04,242.00,7.92;11,322.01,314.02,232.94,7.92;11,322.01,324.06,233.00,7.92;11,322.01,334.04,122.95,7.92" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implicit motivation to control prejudice moderates the effect of cognitive depletion on unintended discrimination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Glaser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Knowles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/soco.2008.26.4.401</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="401" to="419" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,344.07,242.01,7.92;11,322.01,354.05,232.95,7.92;11,322.01,364.03,232.95,7.92;11,322.01,374.06,108.06,7.92" xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ego depletion effects on mathematics performance in primary school students: Why take the hard road? Educational Psychology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Price</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">C R</forename><surname>Yates</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/01443410903563330</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="269" to="281" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,384.04,242.02,7.92;11,322.01,394.08,232.95,7.92;11,322.01,404.05,232.98,7.92;11,322.01,414.03,232.95,7.92;11,322.01,424.07,103.56,7.92" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Taking stock of self-control: A meta-analysis of how trait self-control relates to a wide range of behaviors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>De Ridder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lensvelt-Mulders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Finkenauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Stok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1088868311418749</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,434.04,242.03,7.92;11,322.01,444.08,232.97,7.92;11,322.01,454.06,232.99,7.92;11,322.01,464.04,166.20,7.92" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attention control, memory updating, and emotion regulation temporarily reduce the capacity for executive control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0096-3445.136.2.241</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Psychology. General</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">136</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="255" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,474.07,241.99,7.92;11,322.01,484.05,232.99,7.92;11,322.01,494.03,232.96,7.92;11,322.01,504.06,193.48,7.92" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Working memory capacity and the self-regulation of emotional expression and experience</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Volokhov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Demaree</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/a0013345</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,514.04,241.97,7.92;11,322.01,524.16,232.90,7.73;11,322.01,534.05,233.07,7.92;11,322.01,544.03,70.02,7.92" xml:id="b52">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Fundamental dimensions of self-regulation-Development and validation of the Self-regulatory Skills Questionnaire. Manuscript submitted for publication</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Schmidt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Imhoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Bonn</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,554.07,241.99,7.92;11,322.01,564.05,232.98,7.92;11,322.01,574.08,233.00,7.92;11,322.01,584.06,35.43,7.92" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resisting tempting foods and smoking behavior: Implications from a self-control theory perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Shmueli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Prochaska</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ a0013826</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="300" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,594.04,242.00,7.92;11,322.01,604.07,232.99,7.92;11,322.01,614.05,233.05,7.92;11,322.01,624.09,97.42,7.92" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The psychological presence of family improves self-control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Stillman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Fincham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lambert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1521/jscp.2009.28.4.498</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="498" to="529" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,634.06,242.00,7.92;11,322.01,644.04,232.95,7.92;11,322.02,654.06,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,664.04,184.28,7.92" xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">High self-control predicts good adjustment, less pathology, better grades, and interpersonal success</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tangney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Boone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.0022-3506.2004.00263.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="322" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,674.08,241.96,7.92;11,322.02,684.05,232.99,7.92;11,322.02,694.03,152.70,7.92" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-regulatory failure: A resource-depletion approach</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Vohs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Heatherton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/1467-9280.00250</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="254" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="11,313.00,704.07,241.97,7.92;11,322.02,714.04,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,724.02,232.98,7.92;11,322.02,734.06,232.96,7.92;11,322.02,744.04,233.00,7.92;11,322.02,754.07,72.65,7.92" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Making choices impairs subsequent self-control: A limited-resource account of decision making, selfregulation, and active initiative</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Vohs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schmeichel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Twenge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tice</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1037/ 0022-3514.94.5.883</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">94</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="883" to="898" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,40.25,64.06,242.03,7.92;12,49.27,74.04,233.00,7.92;12,49.27,84.07,232.98,7.92;12,49.27,94.05,90.44,7.92" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Can implementation intentions help to overcome ego-depletion?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Webb</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Sheeran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>DOI: 10.1016/ S0022-1031(02</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="527" to="536" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,40.25,103.24,242.01,9.00;12,49.27,114.06,233.00,7.92;12,49.27,124.04,233.01,7.92;12,49.27,134.02,233.03,7.92;12,49.27,144.06,30.53,7.92" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The five-factor model and impulsivity: Using a structural model of personality to understand impulsivity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Whiteside</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lynam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/S0191-8869(00)00064-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Individual Differences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="669" to="689" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,305.29,64.06,242.07,7.92;12,314.25,73.25,233.11,9.00;12,314.25,84.07,233.01,7.92;12,314.25,94.05,233.11,7.92;12,314.25,104.03,203.04,7.92" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mental fatigue influence on effort-related cardiovascular response: Difficulty effects and extension across cognitive performance domains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Junious</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Neal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Avello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Graham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Herrmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">.</forename><forename type="middle">.</forename><surname>Walton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s11031-007-9066-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Motivation and Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="219" to="231" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,305.29,114.07,242.07,7.92" xml:id="b61">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Zyphur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Warren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Landis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Thoresen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="12,314.25,124.04,233.03,7.92;12,314.25,134.02,232.99,7.92;12,314.25,144.06,161.45,7.92" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Self-regulation and performance in high-fidelity simulations: An extension of ego-depletion research</title>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/08959280701332034</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human Performance</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="103" to="118" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
