<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Decay or resilience? The long-Term social consequences of conflict-related sexual Violence in sierra leone</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carlo</forename><surname>Koos</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Decay or resilience? The long-Term social consequences of conflict-related sexual Violence in sierra leone</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T15:06+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>IntroductIon</head><p>H isTory has been witness to plenty of civil wars in which largescale rape of civilians by soldiers, rebels, and militias occurred either as part of a strategy for opportunistic reasons or because rape became an established practice. 1 yet little is known about the social consequences of wartime sexual violence. 2 This article examines the long-term consequences of widespread conflict-related sexual violence (crsv) in sierra leone. Does crsv destroy the social fabric of communities as is often claimed, or are victims, families, and communities able to overcome such traumatic events and demonstrate resilience? What do crsv victims and their families do to remain part of their communities? These questions are significant, particularly in postconflict societies where the state is often absent and people must rely on and cooperate with each other.</p><p>The feminist literature provides the most established and developed ideas on these questions and suggests that crsv, most often rape by armed groups, is associated with stigma and results in social exclusion. 3 This notion is the dominant view of feminist scholarship and within the development community, and in this article i refer to it as the decay mechanism.</p><p>unaffected households. Using data on 5,475 Sierra Leonean households, the author finds that exposure to CRSV increases prosocial behavior-cooperation, helping, and altruism-which supports the resilience hypothesis. The results are robust to an instrumental variable estimation. The ramifications of this finding go beyond the case of Sierra Leone and generate a more general question: What makes communities resilient to shocks and trauma? ABSTRACT This article examines the long-term impact of conflict-related sexual violence (CRSV) on prosocial behavior in Sierra Leone. Two theoretical arguments are developed and tested. The first draws on the feminist literature and suggests the presence of a decay mechanism: victims and their families are stigmatized by their community and excluded from social networks. The second integrates new insights from social psychology, psychological trauma research, and anthropology, and argues for a resilience mechanism. It argues that CRSV-affected households have a strong incentive to remain part of their community and will invest more effort and resources into the community to avert social exclusion than s o c I a l co n s e q u en c es o f s ex ua l v I o len c e 195 4 cohen and Hoover Green 2012; Hoover Green 2012. 5 Winter et al.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>although the decay argument is convincing, two shortcomings must be noted. First, the empirical evidence for this mechanism is based solely on small convenience samples and therefore potentially suffers from selection bias and a lack of representativeness. 4 second, the theoretical mechanism that sees exposure to crsv result in stigma and exclusion relies on two key implicit assumptions. For one, it assumes that victims and their families do not make increased efforts to avoid social exclusion stemming from stigma. For the other, it assumes communities rigidly shun and exclude anyone associated with crsv, as if crsv suddenly becomes the sole feature of a victim and his or her family, replacing all previous identities and relationships. But whether these two assumptions hold is far from certain.</p><p>This article addresses both of these problems. First, i develop a theoretical argument that builds on the decay mechanism. i suggest taking into account the adaptive capabilities of individuals, families, and communities when dealing with shocks or trauma such as crsv. 5 i do not deny that stigmatization occurs, but i argue that a sense of belonging and being part of a community is such a fundamental human need that crsv victims and their families engage in high levels of prosocial behavior-investing time and resources into community affairs-to avert the negative effects of stigma and thus avoid social exclusion. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,306.86,320.27,3.35,6.61">6</ref> Further, i argue that communities generally are not as heartless and value-rigid as the decay mechanism suggests simply because most communities have reconciliation mechanisms in place that help to address and resolve the disruption of values caused by crsv. 7 i refer to this argument as the resilience mechanism.</p><p>second, i aim to overcome the methodological constraints of previous studies. empirically, the analysis focuses on sierra leone, which is well-suited to studying the consequences of crsv. During the civil war <ref type="bibr" coords="2,67.21,437.69,25.94,11.34">(1999)</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,93.16,437.69,5.19,11.34">(2000)</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,93.16,437.69,5.19,11.34">(2001)</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,98.34,437.69,25.94,11.34">(2002)</ref>, rape by armed groups, particularly the revolutionary United Front (ruf), was rampant and affected all parts of the country and all levels of society. i use representative household-level data from the 2011 sierra leone integrated Household survey (slIhs) to test both the decay and the resilience arguments. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,255.07,489.27,3.35,6.61">8</ref> The analysis shows that households whose members were raped during the war engage more in prosocial behavior. They are more likely to be members of commu-as noted, prosocial behavior does not solely entail selfless attitudes and actions, but also can be instrumental in generating individual benefits, collective action, and public goods provision. as such, social engagement is highly relevant in postconflict societies where the state is often not capable of providing public goods and services. in such situations, cohesive communities with high levels of prosocial behavior are better able to leverage resources to achieve common goals. several studies show that higher levels of social cohesion are associated with increased economic development. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,214.65,164.27,6.70,6.61">17</ref> conflIct-related sexual vIolence conceptualizing crsv is rather straightforward in a technical sense, but highly complex and contested in terms of its meanings and symbolic manifestations. leading scholars largely agree on practical definitions of crsv. i follow elisabeth <ref type="bibr" coords="5,198.38,242.69,31.46,11.34">Wood,</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="5,229.85,242.27,6.70,6.61">18</ref> who defines conflict-related sexual violence as "sexual violence by armed organizations during armed conflict." armed organizations include state forces (military, police, government-sponsored militias) as well as nonstate actors (rebels and militias). sexual violence refers to "[r]ape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced pregnancy, enforced sterilization, or any other form of sexual violence of comparable gravity." 19 Dara cohen suggests differentiating between several aspects of crsv, for example, whether the sexual violence occurred in public or private, whether there was a single perpetrator or there were multiple ones, and whether an object was used to mutilate the victims. 20 These variations have implications for the victims, their families, the community, and the perpetrators themselves.</p><p>The question this article seeks to answer is whether crsv affects prosocial behavior, and if so, how? What theories, mechanisms, and empirical results does the existing literature offer on this particular relationship, and on the broader social consequences of crsv? the decay MechanIsM The contemporary mainstream discourse on the consequences of crsv holds that "in many conflicts, women's bodies become battlegrounds, with rape used as a weapon of war to humiliate, dominate, or disrupt social ties." 21 although there is a continuum of sexual and gender-s o c I a l co n s e q u en c es o f s ex ua l v I o len c e related violence between times of peace and war and in postwar periods, the level of brutality (for example, public rape, gang rape, object rape) is distinctly higher during war. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,178.69,86.27,6.70,6.61">22</ref> a defining feature of crsv is that it carries a message of domination from the perpetrators-soldiers, rebels, or police-not only to the victim, but also to the family and the community. in this sense crsv exploits emotionally charged values about sexuality, virtue, shame, and honor. crsv thereby stigmatizes victims, their families, and even communities, and leaves a lasting reminder of humiliation and defeat. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,365.30,164.27,6.70,6.61">23</ref> These negative sentiments are further fueled by physical consequences, such as the risk of hIv/aIds and pregnancies. The following statement by a man whose wife was raped by an armed group in the Democratic republic of the congo partially expresses this:</p><p>. . . i am as traumatized as my wife. Why? Because i saw my wife being raped and i was powerless despite the fact that i am her husband. How they can play with the body of my wife and i was there powerless and i could not defend my wife . . . . 24 Jonathan Gottschall and inger skjelsbaek argue that the cultural values and taboos related to sexuality and the view of the female body as a symbol of a group's culture give patriarchal communities little room to integrate victims and their families. 25 Kristin Hagen and sophie yohani add that societies end up in a collective state of shock not only because they have witnessed acts of crsv and death, but also because of the familial and communal rejection of their loved ones. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,275.99,375.27,6.70,6.61">26</ref> This idea is echoed by Jill Trenholm and colleagues:</p><p>This residual "damage" to the fabric of society consists of the disintegration of communities and families, ostracism with subsequent homelessness, damaged reproductive abilities, unwanted children and its sequelae, all while living in a persistent state of fear. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,131.43,444.27,6.64,6.61">27</ref> The empirical evidence for these arguments has largely been limited to survivors' narratives from various conflict zones. although the evidence is not suited to generalizations, two important overall observations can be made. First, significant self-shaming and self-blaming appear to occur. Victims and their families do indeed anticipate stigma and are ashamed of what happened to them despite the fact that it was not their fault. They are well aware, acknowledge, and expect that being identified as a rape victim damages one's social reputation. Tina sideris quotes a woman who expresses that fear: i am worried that people will speak and point at me and say, "that woman has been raped." i am afraid that people might shout at me, talk bad about me, send me away. 28</p><p>Dozens of accounts such as this one that express fear of shunning and rejection can be found in the literature. in addition, many narratives show that stigmatization and gossip are not solely an illusion of the victim, but in fact are practiced in the community. They often manifest in the mocking of the victim or the family 29 and eventually result in rejection. 30 in addition, there is increasing awareness that men as well as women are victims of crsv. although women are the main victims of such violence, recent research shows that crsv against men is more common than previously assumed. 31 subjecting men to rape, forced sterilization, genital mutilation, and other acts can be understood as another extreme form of emasculation driven by the perpetrators' motivation to demonstrate power and dominance over victims and communities. 32 although this line of research is still in its infancy, the stigmatization of male crsv victims and their families is likely to be similar to or even more severe than that of female crsv victims.</p><p>overall, the notion that crsv damages community cohesion through stigma is convincing, but the existing empirical analyses suffer from methodological shortcomings that limit their potential to draw general conclusions. First, the empirical material relies exclusively on convenience samples, often with fewer than twenty respondents. 33 relatedly, researchers often depend on local psychosocial support facilities to recruit interviewees, and thereby incorporate selection bias toward victims seeking help and a systematic exclusion of those who, for whatever reasons, were not. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,175.86,481.27,6.70,6.61">34</ref>   presented are untrue, but rather that they are potentially misleading because there is no comparison to those who have dealt with the consequences of crsv within their communities. 35 independent of the methodological concerns, the conceptual work of this literature provides key insights into the trauma of victims and their families and the theoretical underpinnings for the decay mechanism. sexual violence in war terrorizes victims, families, and their communities. crsv damages sensitive norms of sexuality, honor, and virtue, and gives traditional communities little opportunity to integrate victims and their families without altering critical cultural values. Victims and their families are stigmatized and face rejection. consequently, they are not part of community life and do not participate in social events that bind members together. This results in low levels of prosocial behavior by crsv victims and their families. The observable implications of this mechanism can be formulated in the following hypothesis: -H1 (Decay). The exposure to crsv inflicts stigma and shame on crsv victims and their families and therefore decreases their level of prosocial behavior.</p><p>the resIlIence MechanIsM another body of research examines the consequences of nonsexual violence in armed conflicts and looks at social outcomes such as social cohesion, trust, altruism, cooperative behavior, and political participation. in contrast to the decay literature, this work is empirical and quantitative. Dozens of studies find that different types of exposure to violence have either no effect or a positive effect on social outcomes. although this strand of research has neglected sexual violence as a distinct type of violence, it is informative regarding how individuals and groups deal with exposure to mass violence and distress in civil wars.</p><p>Many of these studies use household survey data. For sierra leone, John Bellows and edward Miguel show that displacement and the death of family members increased political participation after the war. 36 similarly, christopher Blattman finds that abducted child soldiers in northern Uganda were more likely to vote and become community leaders after returning to their communities. 37 Giacomo De luca and Marijke Verpoorten analyze several afrobarometer waves from Uganda and find that self-reported trust levels drop among victimized respondents, but tend to recover quickly. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,255.02,86.27,6.70,6.61">38</ref> Maarten Voors and colleagues and Michael Gilligan, Benjamin Pasquale, and cyrus samii use behavioral games to study the impact of exposure to violence on social outcomes in Burundi and nepal, and also find a positive relationship. 39 By contrast, a working paper by leonardo Becchetti, Peirluigi conzo, and alessandro romeo finds that people exposed to electoral violence in nairobi exhibited lower levels of trust. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,386.30,164.27,6.70,6.61">40</ref> other studies explicitly explore in-and out-group biases and find that violence increases in-group bonding norms but decreases outgroup bridging norms. 41 Michal Bauer and colleagues come to comparable results in a study of children in Georgia and sierra leone. 42 similarly, alexandra Hartman and Benjamin Morse find that the experience of war-related trauma among liberians predicts empathy toward and support for ivorian refugees. 43 They argue that the experience of trauma increases empathy and altruism toward both in-and outgroups.</p><p>To summarize, there is growing evidence that exposure to violence in civil wars increases prosocial attitudes and behavior toward the ingroup, but not always toward the out-group. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,273.95,320.27,6.70,6.61">44</ref> The causal mechanisms behind this relationship are less clear but potentially rely on a combination of economic payoffs, psychological processes, collective coping, community empathy, and survivors' willingness to remain socially included. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,102.52,372.27,6.70,6.61">45</ref> This ability to absorb and withstand such shocks is often referred to as resilience.</p><p>The existing empirical studies have neglected crsv as a distinct type of violence. as discussed above, crsv is special, and therefore requires an empirical distinction from other forms of violence such as homicide, mutilation, and displacement. 46 crsv, and rape in particular, leaves a lasting imprint on the victim, their family, and their community for numerous reasons. crsv can result in pregnancy and children born from war rape, infection with sexually transmitted diseases such as hIv/aIds, and physical injuries. importantly, crsv victims and their families are <ref type="bibr" coords="9,81.00,509.86,4.66,4.60">38</ref> De luca and Verpoorten 2015. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,81.00,518.86,4.66,4.60">39</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,86.88,519.15,55.74,7.89" target="#b72">Voors et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,144.41,519.15,114.52,7.89;9,81.00,527.86,4.66,4.60">Gilligan, Pasquale, and samii 2013. 40</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,87.00,528.15,116.75,7.89;9,81.00,536.86,4.66,4.60">Becchetti, conzo, and romeo 2011. 41</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,86.88,537.15,71.70,7.89" target="#b71">Voors and Bulte 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,160.37,537.15,119.75,7.89" target="#b62">rohner, Thoenig, and Zilibotti 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,281.91,537.15,106.01,7.89;9,81.00,545.86,4.66,4.60">Beber, roesser, and scacco 2014. 42</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,87.00,546.15,52.62,7.89" target="#b10">Bauer et al. 2014</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,81.00,554.86,4.66,4.60">43</ref> Hartman and Morse 2015. 44 see also <ref type="bibr" coords="9,114.68,564.15,52.62,7.89" target="#b9">Bauer et al. 2016</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,81.00,572.86,4.66,4.60">45</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="9,87.00,573.15,83.34,7.89" target="#b55">Molden and Maner 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,172.13,573.15,102.39,7.89" target="#b63">schroeder and Graziano 2015b;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,276.31,573.15,45.25,7.89" target="#b31">DeWall 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="9,323.35,573.15,35.33,7.89;9,81.00,581.86,4.66,4.60">shih 2004. 46</ref> Gutiérrez-sanín and Wood 2017. often stigmatized and, as asserted with regard to the decay mechanism, socially excluded.</p><p>i propose to build on the decay mechanism (H1). although the decay argument is convincing in suggesting that exposed individuals and households are stigmatized, there are strong reasons to believe that social exclusion is not the most common result. i posit that in postconflict contexts, crsv victims and their families have strong incentives to remain part of their community, since doing so entails significant advantages, such as better information, collective burden sharing and, not least, a sense of belonging. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,169.66,177.27,6.70,6.61">47</ref> We can further expect that victims and exposed households know the social norms and are aware of the potential stigma and the lingering threat of social exclusion. Thus, we should expect crsv victims and their families to take countermeasures to reduce stigma and avert exclusion. These efforts can include an increased investment of time and resources into communal affairs, financial contributions, obeying traditional reconciliation mechanisms, and reintegration and cleansing rituals. Margaret shih emphasizes that stigmatized people often develop the ability to ward off the negative consequences of stigma through compensation strategies. 48 For instance, they act more persistently and assertively to achieve what nonstigmatized people may obtain with less effort. Furthermore, they often advance their social skills to adjust for potential stigma and to be more socially likable. several experimental studies find support for these assertions. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,232.42,359.27,6.70,6.61">49</ref> as a premise for these countermeasures, crsv survivors and their families assume that their increased efforts to reconnect with their community will result in reduced stigma and social acceptance. an experimental study supports the idea that stigmatized people only engage in prosocial behavior when these efforts are likely to result in acceptance. <ref type="bibr" coords="10,365.30,424.27,6.70,6.61">50</ref> Psychological studies suggest that both those individually affected and their social environment respond to trauma, for example, natural disasters, fatal illness, war, and peacetime rape, with adaptive responses, such as post-traumatic growth or resilience, more often than previously assumed. Post-traumatic growth describes a process through which people who have experienced traumatic events undergo reflec- <ref type="bibr" coords="10,60.00,526.86,46.68,8.18">47 Bowlby 1969</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,106.68,527.15,3.61,7.89;10,60.00,535.86,37.72,8.18">. 48 shih 2004</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,97.72,536.15,3.61,7.89;10,60.00,544.86,140.79,8.18">. 49 carter-sowell, cheng, and Williams 2008</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,206.19,545.15,48.30,7.89" target="#b48">Kerr et al. 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,254.49,545.15,3.61,7.89;10,60.00,553.86,61.54,8.18">. 50 Maner et al. 2007</ref>. another possible way to avoid stigma is for the household to eject or kill the victim. This will keep the household free of any communal rejection based on crsv-related stigma. However, according to qualitative studies in sierra leone, familial rejection of crsv victims was rare <ref type="bibr" coords="10,48.00,581.15,94.27,7.89">(Human rights Watch 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,144.06,581.15,34.81,7.89" target="#b70">Utas 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="10,180.66,581.15,36.38,7.89">stark 2006)</ref>. tive processes that make them more appreciative of social relationships, spirituality, and the value of life in general. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,265.09,73.27,6.70,6.61">51</ref> although most of these studies were administered in Western societies, there is some suggestive support from previous studies in africa. Jeannie annan and colleagues find that abducted and potentially raped women in northern Uganda reintegrated well into their home communities. 52 They note that "[s]upport from families, not rejection, is the norm." More generally, this suggests that these adaptive responses depend on a combination of compensation efforts on the part of victims and their families and on empathy from the community. 53 The observable implications of this resilience mechanism can be formulated in the following hypothesis: -H2 (resilience). The exposure to crsv potentially inflicts stigma and shame on crsv victims and their families. To reduce stigma and avert social exclusion, they will use countermeasures that manifest in higher levels of prosocial behavior.</p><p>Before turning to the empirical analysis, i briefly discuss the civil war in sierra leone to shed additional light on the context of this analysis. in particular, i outline how and why the ruf, the main perpetrator of crsv, turned against civilians and used sexual violence to demonstrate its domination, and the consequences of this choice.</p><p>the cIvIl war In sIerra leone, the ruf, and sexual vIolence agaInst cIvIlIans</p><p>Between 1991 and 2002 sierra leone experienced a major civil war in which more than 50,000 people were killed 54 and approximately 1.5 million were displaced. 55 in 1991 the ruf, the main rebel movement, entered sierra leone with support from liberian special forces allied with charles Taylor; its aim was to overthrow the government of President Joseph Momoh. The ruf's goal of changing the political and social system enjoyed considerable popular support at the start, but its efforts quickly deteriorated into a campaign of violence, the main victims of which were the civilian population. 56 The ruf was not dominated by a single ethnic group. it transcended ethnic categories and was instead a product of the politically and economically marginalized sierra leonean youth. Paul richards argues that the ruf and the war were consequences of the dissolving sierra leonean state, whose resources for patrimonialism were drying up under IMf-and World Bank-imposed structural adjustment programs. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,365.30,125.27,6.70,6.61">57</ref> These programs contributed to the country's political and economic collapse, and the ruf's membership and support base especially comprised those who were excluded from the patronage networks that ensured access to government resources and jobs. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,262.35,177.27,6.70,6.61">58</ref> although the ruf fought against the government, gaining control of the diamond production areas and diamond revenues was integral to the group's strategy. For this reason, several scholars and commentators deny that the ruf had any political agenda, ascribing its prime raison d'être to the looting of diamond resources. David Keen emphasizes that the ruf did not necessarily aim to win the war or to control diamond production, but rather to demonstrate power and domination by the powerless, the marginalized, and the excluded. The ruling elite's ignorance of the younger generation's problems, social marginalization, and lack of prospects was the main driver causing people to support the ruf. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,123.12,320.27,6.70,6.61">59</ref> The question remains as to why the ruf exerted so much brutality and violence against the rural civilian peasantry whose agent it claimed to be. Keen argues that the ruf's struggle targeted not only the government, but also the overall deficiency of the social order in sierra leone. <ref type="bibr" coords="12,67.61,385.27,6.70,6.61">60</ref> The traditional chief structures have long been enmeshed in the practices of the shadow state. 61 From a practical perspective, Keen argues, villagers were the easiest target.</p><p>The ruf's use of child soldiers and drugs contributed to the brutality. Kieran Mitton adds that the level of violence against civilians was more modest at the start of the war, but as the conflict progressed, it increased massively because the combatants themselves became increasingly traumatized and brutalized. 62 Krijn Peters emphasizes that in the beginning the ruf adhered to its own codes of conduct, particularly to-57 richards 1996. 58 see also <ref type="bibr" coords="12,93.68,532.15,36.83,7.89;12,60.00,540.86,4.66,4.60">Keen 2005. 59</ref>   <ref type="bibr" coords="13,135.56,60.27,6.70,6.61" target="#b0">63</ref> but that liberian and Burkinabe mercenaries within the ranks of the ruf were more ruthless with civilians. 64 later, the ruf's (correct) suspicion of civilian support for the civil Defense Forces (Kamajors) prompted it to use more violence. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,258.95,99.27,6.70,6.61">65</ref> Furthermore, toward the end of the war the ruf was compromised by a taste for power after collaborating with the armed Forces revolutionary council, a breakaway faction of the sierra leone army. at the same time, a combination of ideological decline and a drift toward more brutal and less educated leadership led to extreme outbursts of violence against civilians. 66 according to the Truth and reconciliation commission (trc) records, the ruf and associated rebels were responsible for approximately 75 percent of the reported human rights violations, including killings, property destruction, and displacement. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,328.28,216.27,6.70,6.61" target="#b1">67</ref> During the course of the conflict, women and girls of all ethnic groups and social classes were victims of sexual violence, and the ruf was the main perpetrator. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,187.71,255.27,6.70,6.61" target="#b2">68</ref> an analysis of trc data estimates that between 23,000 and 56,000 conflict-related instances of sexual violence occurred during the war, 69 while a population-based survey in three displacement camps conducted by Physicians for Human rights estimates that 50,000 to 65,000 displaced women suffered war-related rape. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,91.62,320.27,6.70,6.61">70</ref> The latter report estimates the total number of instances of sexual violence during the war at 215,000 to 257,000. The ruf's practices in terms of sexual violence have been documented by a number of scholars who have addressed not only the suffering of women and girls, but also their active participation as fighters and their role in perpetrating sexual violence. 71 as Human rights Watch notes, the function of rape was to demonstrate power and domination over communities:</p><p>The rebels sought to dominate women and their communities by deliberately undermining cultural values and community relationships, destroying the ties that hold society together. child combatants raped women who were old enough to be their grandmothers, rebels raped pregnant and breastfeeding mothers, and fathers were forced to watch their daughters being raped. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,293.59,465.27,6.64,6.61" target="#b4">72</ref> s o c I a l co n s e q u en c es o f s ex ua l v I o len c e 207 These violent outbursts have been viewed by many scholars as the ruf's expression of complete disregard for the societal values and norms. 73 cohen views the violence from a different angle and argues that rape served as an instrument of bonding between ruf combatants and was not primarily used to shock and terrorize the population. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,274.37,112.27,6.70,6.61">74</ref> in January 2002, the war was officially declared to be over and with that came the need to rebuild the country. The government, the international community, and civil-society actors placed significant emphasis on peacebuilding and reconciliation. alongside the two main institutions for addressing war crimes, the trc and the special court for sierra leone, local organizations funded by international donors sprang up in communities and campaigned for women's and human rights and for reconciliation. Together with these newly established organizations, existing conflict-resolution mechanisms contributed to a generally supportive climate of peacebuilding. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,258.90,242.27,6.70,6.61">75</ref> sierra leone's postconflict path of reconciliation provided fruitful conditions for communities to rebuild their social networks. But the accounts referenced here reflect only the grand narratives. To understand what happens on the ground in the aftermath of such conflicts, i turn to the empirical analysis.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>data and varIaBles</head><p>To examine the hypothesized relationship between crsv and prosocial behavior in sierra leone, i use data from the slIhs, which was collected by the statistics office of sierra leone in cooperation with the World Bank. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,107.52,398.27,6.70,6.61">76</ref> The slIhs is nationally representative, with a sample size of 6,767 households. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,142.57,411.27,6.70,6.61">77</ref> The survey is unique in that it provides a module on war experiences that includes questions on crsv, killings, mutilation, and displacement, as well as on different measures of social cohesion.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>outcoMe varIaBle: prosocIal BehavIor</head><p>The outcome of interest is prosocial behavior, the core element of social cohesion, social fabric, and related concepts. 77 Households were selected in a two-stage sampling procedure. in the first stage, the sample was allocated proportionally to nineteen local councils (i.e., fourteen districts and five city councils) as the primary study domain. in the second stage, 684 of 9,671 so-called enumeration areas (eas, created for the 2004 census) were selected as the primary sampling unit. tions to measure three aspects of prosocial behavior as discussed above: cooperation, helping, and altruism. 78 cooperation is the main outcome of interest and refers to whether the household is actively engaged in the institutional structures of the community. The variable association is a binary variable and measures whether someone from the household is a member of a community-based association, such as a school or a health or development committee. Helping relates to the notion that people provide assistance to one another in situations of need and social obligation. i use the dummy variable contributions to measure whether families contribute financially to social events like funerals, weddings, and Osusu. 79 These contributions are usually nonanonymous and therefore involve an element of reciprocity. altruism is often described as selflessness and is generally viewed as a virtue. To proxy the notion of altruism, i use the dummy variable donations, which measures whether a household donates to various social or religious causes. Donations are commonly anonymous, and the recipient may be unknown to the contributor. Undoubtedly, helping and altruism are closely related, and they are in essence beneficial to communities. These two measures are likely confounded by social and economic factors, such as household size and poverty, which need to be accounted for in the analysis. <ref type="table" coords="15,367.31,307.65,25.65,11.34;15,68.99,320.64,5.75,11.34" target="#tab_4">Table  1</ref> provides the summary statistics. explanatory varIaBle: exposure to crsv The primary explanatory variable, CRSV in HH, is a binary measure indicating whether at least one member of a household experienced conflict-related sexual violence during the sierra leone civil war (crsvaffected household versus unaffected household). The slIhs includes a battery of questions on war-related experiences, for example, whether household members were killed or mutilated or whether the household was displaced; one question asks whether "household member(s) [were] molested or raped." 80 admittedly, this household dummy variable is a crude indicator because it captures the bundle of crsv-related experiences rather than the circumstances of crsv (once or repeated, private or public, the affiliation of the perpetrator), but it is a first cut with 78 schroeder and Graziano 2015a. 79 osusu is a microsavings scheme in sierra leone and elsewhere in africa. The idea is that a contributor must believe that the others in the osusu group, usually around ten people, will play according to the rules and keep paying their contributions. 80 note that the question wording used both "molestated" and "raped." although term rape is quite clear, molestation could theoretically also be understood as nonsexual molestation. if exposed family members do not live in the households anymore for whatever reason (e.g., ejection, migration, death), the household is assumed not to report that a member was raped and is thus considered an unaffected household.</p><p>which to analyze the extent of crsv. Furthermore, since details remain undisclosed, the measure is less susceptible to retraumatization and social desirability bias. Most important, this information is rare and has not been available in previous surveys on postwar outcomes. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,323.79,353.07,6.70,6.61">81</ref> The summary statistics in <ref type="table" coords="16,184.51,366.49,35.12,11.34" target="#tab_4">Table 1</ref> show that overall, 39 percent of households were affected by crsv. note that this 39 percent relates to the household. The structure of the data does not allow for the calculation of the prevalence rate for individuals. But for illustrative purposes, considering the mean household size of 5.6 (see the variable household size in <ref type="table" coords="16,78.89,431.47,33.59,11.34" target="#tab_4">Table 1</ref>) and further assuming that only one member per crsvaffected household experienced crsv, we can infer a national prevalence of 7 percent at the individual level. This is lower than lynn amowitz and colleagues' survey in three displacement camps in sierra leone, which reports a prevalence rate of 9 percent. 82 alternatively, drawing on the trc data, Tamy Guberek and associates report 65,000 incidents of crsv, which, assuming sierra leone's population of 4 million in 2001, 83 translates into a prevalence rate of 1.6 percent. 84 since the trc data are <ref type="bibr" coords="16,60.00,545.19,4.66,4.60">81</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="16,66.00,545.48,83.59,7.89">Bellows and Miguel 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,151.12,545.48,49.77,7.89" target="#b16">Blattman 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,202.30,545.48,54.94,7.89" target="#b72">Voors et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,258.77,545.48,73.25,7.89" target="#b36">Gilligan, Pasquale, and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="16,333.78,545.48,38.46,7.89;16,60.00,554.19,89.06,8.18;16,60.00,563.19,4.66,4.60">samii 2013. 82 amowitz et al. 2002, 513. 83</ref>   based on individuals speaking in front of a public commission, underreporting is a massive concern, and the real prevalence is probably much higher. The overall measure of the slIhs therefore seems reasonable. it is lower than the level reported in displacement camps, but higher than the level estimated through the public statements given to the trc. <ref type="figure" coords="17,81.00,125.69,39.64,11.34">Figure 1</ref> shows the geographical distribution of violence; graph (a) indicates the particularly high prevalence of crsv in the north and south of sierra leone. 85 one important methodological concern is that crsv may be highly correlated with other types of human rights abuses, such as homicide, mutilation, and displacement. Graphs (b), (c), and (d) show the spatial distribution of killings, mutilation, and displacement, respectively. at least visually, the geographical distribution patterns differ substantively between the different types of violence. The statistical analysis includes measures for killings, mutilation, and displacement. The variance inflation factors are very modest at approximately 1.1. Multicollinearity between different types of violence therefore does not affect the estimation. This corresponds to Wood and cohen, who argue that wartime sexual violence follows different patterns than homicide and forced displacement. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,205.61,294.27,6.70,6.61">86</ref> The concentration of crsv in the north, as shown in panel (a), resonates with Guberek and colleagues' analysis of testimonials from the trc. They show that the level of human rights abuses peaked in the last years of the war, and that the north was hit hardest in this period. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,371.21,346.27,6.70,6.61">87</ref> To further illustrate, i use the sierra leone local location event Dataset (sll-led) to plot the number of violent events per chiefdom over three distinct phases of the war. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,186.61,385.27,6.70,6.61">88</ref> The three panels in <ref type="figure" coords="17,286.17,385.69,38.56,11.34">Figure 2</ref> show that violence against civilians started in the southeast then spread to large parts of the territory before becoming concentrated in the northern half of the country toward the end of the war. The sll-led data do not provide information on the distinct form of violence against civilians, but they complement the slIhs data in the sense that they show temporal and geographic variation and indicate that the north was most affected toward the end of the war. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,81.00,509.19,4.66,4.60">85</ref> The percentage levels in the legend relate to the household, meaning, for instance, that in some chiefdoms 81 to 100 percent of households include a household member who has experienced crsv. assuming a 5.6-person household, this would result in a prevalence rate between 14.5 and 17.9 percent among individuals in such high-prevalence chiefdoms. These values should not be interpreted as a reliable measure, but merely as a general trend of magnitude, because the slIhs was representative only at the national level and not at the chiefdom level. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,81.00,563.19,4.66,4.60">86</ref> Wood 2009; cohen 2013a. <ref type="bibr" coords="17,81.00,572.19,4.66,4.60">87</ref>  <ref type="bibr" coords="17,87.00,572.48,85.13,7.89;17,81.00,581.19,4.66,4.60">Guberek et al. 2006, 6, 14. 88</ref> raleigh and Bruijne 2015. control varIaBles i include some important covariates to isolate the effect of CRSV in HH and to control for potential confounders that may influence the effect of CRSV in HH on measures of prosocial behavior. Humanitarian assistance is provided in places hit by violence and could therefore operate parallel to the resilience mechanism. access to medical, psychological, social, and financial assistance can alter the capacity and motivation to act prosocially. For instance, those households with access to psychosocial support groups may develop more agency and score higher for prosocial indicators. it is important to control for humanitarian support to avoid overestimating the effect of the social resilience mechanism. To capture humanitarian support, i construct a variable that measures selfreported reception of humanitarian aid from humanitarian agencies (for example, ngos, UniceF, and the World Health organization) and faith-based institutions. such support has been reported to influence community integration for victims of war in general and for crsv survivors in particular. <ref type="bibr" coords="20,135.99,272.27,6.70,6.61">89</ref> To separate the impact of other types of violence, i include a number of violence controls that measure whether someone in the household has been killed (homicide in HH) or mutilated (mutilation in HH), or whether the household has ever been displaced (HH ever displaced). <ref type="bibr" coords="20,365.30,324.27,6.70,6.61">90</ref> The number of RUF camps that were present in the chiefdom may further affect prosocial behavior, since the ruf's raids were likely to affect community life. <ref type="bibr" coords="20,121.06,363.27,6.70,6.61">91</ref> Furthermore, i use several household controls that have been implemented in related studies on nonsexual violence. <ref type="bibr" coords="20,269.58,389.27,6.70,6.61">92</ref> The size of a household (household size) is likely to have an effect on the outcome. larger households are more likely to be better connected to the communities they live in and may therefore have a higher likelihood of scoring on prosocial behavior measures. Poverty (poverty index) is associated with lower social status, which may result in decreased levels of social inclusion, spending on social events, and donations. last, a dummy for urban households is included, since one would expect community cohesion to be lower in urban areas.</p><p>in addition, i include four standard individual controls for respon- <ref type="bibr" coords="20,60.00,526.86,66.82,8.18">89 Winter et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,128.62,527.15,37.18,7.89;20,60.00,535.86,4.66,4.60">stark 2006. 90</ref> Within the matched sample (more details below), 2,973 (54 percent) of 5,475 households had been displaced. of these 2,973 households, 2,771 (94 percent) had returned to their home community at the time of the slIhs. 91 a comparison of the slIhs data and the two surveys used by Bellows and Miguel's 2009 paper on sierra leone is available in section 1 of the supplementary material; Koos 2018b. 92 e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="20,83.21,581.15,56.22,7.89" target="#b9">Bauer et al. 2016;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,141.22,581.15,84.38,7.89">Bellows and Miguel 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="20,227.40,581.15,114.52,7.89" target="#b36">Gilligan, Pasquale, and samii 2013.</ref> dents' characteristics: Muslim accounts for religious and cultural differences between Muslims and christians; and female, age, and age 2 account for gender and age effects.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>analysIs and results</head><p>Before analyzing the data, i employ coarsened exact matching (ceM) to create more balanced data between crsv-affected (crsv = 1) and unaffected (crsv = 0) households. ceM drops those observations for which there is no common empirical support. Through this procedure the distribution of the covariates in both crsv-affected and unaffected households is more alike, and thus minimizes model dependence and statistical bias. 93 <ref type="table" coords="21,81.00,229.69,36.00,11.34" target="#tab_5">Table 2</ref> presents the main findings. in all four logistic regression models the main outcome variable association, which measures whether a household member is a member of a community-based association, is regressed on the explanatory variable CRSV in HH and the other covariates. all four models include household controls and individual controls (as described above), as well as district-level fixed effects, to account for unobserved location factors. 94 Because it is not possible to calculate standard statistics of model fit (for example, Bayesian and akaike information criterion, Pseudo r 2 ) when using stata's survey module and nonlinear models, i rely on an f-adjusted mean residual goodnessof-fit test. The insignificant p-values across all four models indicate that the model fits the data. Turning to the results, model 1 shows that exposure to conflict-related sexual violence (CRSV in HH) has a positive and statistically significant effect (1 percent) on the likelihood that households are members of community-based associations.</p><p>Model 2 adds the other violence-related variables. They show diverse effects. The killing of household members (homicide in HH), displacement (HH ever displaced), and the number of RUF camps have no significant effect on (association) membership. Mutilation in HH has a positive effect on association. importantly, even with the inclusion of the 93 iacus, King, and Porro 2012. i use the ceM package for stata <ref type="bibr" coords="21,286.27,500.88,67.66,7.89" target="#b15">(Blackwell et al. 2009</ref>). applying ceM reduces the total observations from 6,727 to 5,475. This reduction of the sample sizes improves the l1 statistic as an overall measure of balance from .68 to .57. The estimation results with unmatched data are available in tables a4 and a5 in the supplementary material; Koos 2018b. The results are robust to the matched data. in addition, since the data were collected through a two-stage sampling process, i use stata's survey module to account for the first stage (district level) and the second stage, i.e., the primary sampling unit (psu), meaning that all models use standard errors clustered at the psu. The probability weights are calculated by multiplying the household-level survey weights by the weight computed through the ceM procedure. <ref type="bibr" coords="21,81.00,581.59,4.62,4.60">94</ref> The expanded models are available in tables a1 and a2 in the supplementary material; Koos 2018b.</p><p>violence-related variables, the coefficient and the significance level of CRSV in HH barely changes. This result supports the idea that crsv is independent of other types of violence. in addition, low variance inflation factors at 1.1 speak against multicollinearity. in model 3 of <ref type="table" coords="22,129.60,487.88,33.95,11.34" target="#tab_5">Table 2</ref>, the variable humanitarian aid is added and is indeed strongly linked with a higher likelihood of membership in associations. This finding lends evidence to the fact that humanitarian actors' engagement contributes to the integration of crsv-affected households. again, the variable CRSV in HH remains largely robust. in model 4, i include an interaction term CRSV in HH*Humanitarian aid to test a conditional effect of humanitarian support on association membership. The interaction term is not statistically significant and there is no support for the notion that the effect of CRSV in HH depends on humanitarian aid. 95 <ref type="table" coords="23,81.00,86.69,34.55,11.34" target="#tab_6">Table 3</ref> shows the results for the other outcome variables, with contributions as a measure of helping and donations as an indicator of altruism. Because both variables are dummies, i again use logistic regression models. Model 1 equals model 4 from <ref type="table" coords="23,247.28,125.68,33.02,11.34" target="#tab_5">Table 2</ref>, and is included to provide a better comparison. Model 2 shows the effect of CRSV in HH on social contributions. The effect is positive and statistically significant at the 1 percent level even when other violence-related variables are accounted for. The humanitarian aid variable has a negative effect. Model 3 shows a positive effect of CRSV in HH on donations as a proxy indicator for altruism, but it is only significant at the 10 percent level.</p><p>To interpret the substantive effects of the explanatory variable CRSV in HH, <ref type="figure" coords="23,102.86,229.64,38.12,11.34">Figure 3</ref> shows the average predicted probabilities with a 90 percent confidence interval. When a household has been exposed to CRSV in HH, such exposure results in a 5 percent greater chance of it being a member of a community association (left plot), an 8 percent greater chance of it paying social contributions (center plot), and also increases the odds that it will donate by 5 percent (right plot). When households receive humanitarian aid from ngos or religious institutions, it increases the odds of them being members of an association by 20 percent. But humanitarian aid has a negative effect on contributions and no effect on donations. although these effect sizes should not be taken literally, they indicate that the effect of crsv is not only statistically significant, but also substantively meaningful.</p><p>The analyses above show that crsv-affected households engage in more prosocial activities, arguably to avert or reduce stigmatization and to increase their acceptance within their communities. But this result reflects only the behavior of a household and not whether a household is accepted by other households in the community. The socio-psychological literature suggests that stigmatized people engage in prosocial behavior only when they anticipate subsequent social acceptance. <ref type="bibr" coords="23,367.66,463.27,6.70,6.61">96</ref> Unfortunately, the slIhs does not include specific questions on the acceptance of crsv victims, but there is a question that asks respondents whether their household can rely on the community to provide assistance during difficult periods, for example, when there is a shortage of money or food. although this question does not measure whether other community members stigmatize, accept, or exclude crsv victims and their families, it does express how crsv-affected households themselves evaluate the degree of community support they can rely on. This indication is in principle at least as important as acceptance by other community members, because crsv-affected households are-as i show in the qualitative section below-very sensitive about how other community members treat and talk to them. Therefore, if crsv-affected households perceive themselves to be as likely to receive assistance from the community as unaffected households, that is, if the CRSV in HH variable is insignificant, we can interpret this result as an absence of explicit social exclusion of crsv-affected households. robust standard errors clustered by primary sampling unit in parentheses; + p &lt; 0.10, *p &lt; 0.05, **p &lt; 0.01, ***p &lt; 0.001 a outcome variable association measures whether someone in the household is member of a community-based association. outcome variable contributions indicates that a household has contributed financially to social events such as weddings and funerals. outcome variable donations specifies whether a household has donated to social causes.</p><p>in the matched sample, 43 percent of respondents answer that they can rely on the community during difficult times and 57 percent report that they cannot. <ref type="figure" coords="25,151.84,395.68,39.56,11.34">Figure 4</ref> shows the result of using the variable community reliance as the outcome. <ref type="bibr" coords="25,212.74,408.27,6.70,6.61">97</ref> The plot shows the predicted probabilities for reliance on the community. Unaffected households (left side) report a probability of 46 percent of relying on the community during difficult times; crsv-affected households report 47 percent. The difference is marginal and not significant (the confidence intervals overlap). This result indicates that crsv-affected households are as likely as unaffected households to receive community support, which speaks against social exclusion and ultimately lends further credit to the resilience hypothesis.</p><p>in sum, the results of the empirical analysis provide no support for the decay mechanism (H1). Quite to the contrary, there is substantial support for the resilience mechanism (H2). crsv-affected households 97 The underlying specification is similar to model 2 in <ref type="table" coords="25,254.57,572.88,22.70,7.89" target="#tab_5">Table 2</ref>, and is presented in <ref type="table" coords="25,342.95,572.88,29.63,7.89" target="#tab_6">Table a3</ref>  fIgure 3 predIcted proBaBIlItIes a a each plot shows the predicted probabilities for one of the three outcome variables with 90 percent confidence intervals. The computation is based on the models presented in <ref type="table" coords="25,314.10,312.82,23.31,7.89" target="#tab_6">Table 3</ref>. across all three outcome variables, association, contributions, and donations, the effect of exposure to crsv (CRSV in HH) is not only positive and statistically significant, but also substantively meaningful. The effect of the control variables is mixed or insignificant.</p><p>are more likely to be members of community-based associations and to contribute to social events, and to donate more often. These overall findings are striking and support the idea that crsv-affected households employ prosocial behavior as a means to remain part of their community. The results regarding community reliance also suggest that there is no perceived exclusion among crsv-affected households.</p><p>causal IdentIfIcatIon as with most observational data, endogeneity remains a concern. We cannot rule out the possibility that certain prewar characteristics influenced the joint probability of being exposed to crsv, prosocial behavior, and social inclusion. not accounting for such characteristics would result in biased estimates. The most obvious concern is reverse causality, which would be the case if prosocial households in particular were more likely to experience crsv or other forms of violence. since there are no baseline data that reflect prosocial behavior before the war, i apply four strategies to examine the possibility of reverse causality: (1) qualitative evidence of targeting practices by the ruf, (2) an analysis of crsV in HH=0 crsV in HH=1 Pr(reliance on community)</p><p>. fIgure 4 effect of crsv on coMMunIty relIance a a To what degree do people believe they can rely on their community during difficult times? This plot shows that the predicted probabilities for self-perceived reliance on the community barely differ for unaffected (left bar) and crsv-affected households (right bar). The underlying regression model, including all control variables, is available in <ref type="table" coords="26,190.67,319.02,29.82,7.89" target="#tab_6">Table a3</ref> in the supplementary material <ref type="bibr" coords="26,320.70,319.02,45.89,7.89">(Koos 2018b).</ref> household characteristics explaining exposure to crsv, (3) a matching procedure, and (4) an instrumental variable approach. none of these strategies rules out problems of endogeneity completely. But overall, they increase our confidence that the results are not driven by omitted variable bias or reverse causality. <ref type="bibr" coords="27,216.79,112.27,6.70,6.61">98</ref> First, a key question is whether the ruf and associated rebels targeted villages, households, and individual household members selectively or indiscriminately. at the chiefdom level, the geographical and temporal distribution of violence as shown in figures 1 and 2 does not support the idea that the spread of violence followed a random pattern, but instead supports that there were both spatial and temporal concentrations of violence. The statistical analysis accounts for this with district fixed effects and clustered standard errors. at the household level, however, previous representative and qualitative studies have not found any evidence of selective targeting in sierra leone according to major categories like social class, ethnic identity, or religion. <ref type="bibr" coords="27,284.89,255.27,6.70,6.61">99</ref> The trc's report on women also emphasizes this notion of random sexual violence toward civilians in several paragraphs. 100 in addition, massive substance abuse among ruf fighters, particularly before they raided villages, contributed to a quasi-random pattern of victimization of villagers. ruf combatants explained that civilians appeared "like insects," indicating a distorted perception and raising doubts about their ability to selectively target those civilians who might not have been supportive of the ruf or particularly active in community affairs. 101 overall, the qualitative evidence suggests that selection into conflict-related sexual violence was not caused by any particular factors (apart from age) at the household or individual level. We can thus conceptualize the exposure to crsv as a type of near-random treatment. assuming a quasi-random pattern of crsv is a critical assumption and one that has received extensive support in the previous literature on sierra leone and similar contexts. <ref type="bibr" coords="27,163.94,450.27,10.06,6.61">102</ref> second, <ref type="table" coords="27,119.72,463.69,34.18,11.34">Table 4</ref> provides further evidence that exposure to crsv was 98 notably, a certain degree of selection bias in the form of attrition is inevitable in postwar survey research, for various reasons. an unknown number of women (and families) died or emigrated during or after the war or stayed with their "rebel husbands" even after the war ended. especially since the slIhs was conducted in 2011, almost ten years after the war ended, this analysis can only consider long-term survivors of the war. 99 see, e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="27,118.74,537.48,39.70,7.89" target="#b13">Bellows and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,161.26,537.48,64.82,7.89">Miguel 2009, 1146;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,228.66,537.48,109.14,7.89" target="#b45">Humphreys and Weinstein 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,340.38,537.48,52.89,7.89">Peters 2011, 89;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,69.00,546.48,58.22,7.89">Gberie 2005, 137.</ref> 100 sierra leone  independent of household characteristics. <ref type="bibr" coords="28,242.30,335.67,10.06,6.61">103</ref> The explanatory variable CRSV in HH is regressed on a number of household characteristics that might have affected the probability of a household member experiencing crsv. larger households (household size) should generally have a higher risk of rape. The same holds for households with more girls (girls ratio in HH). in households with at least two children, the mean girls ratio in HH amounts to 47 percent. Because the ruf was revolting against the established order, community leaders, chiefs, and people with authority were reportedly specifically targeted. 104 since there are no questions on leadership positions in the data, i use the father's education as a proxy. Poverty might have decreased people's ability to preemptively send their children to a safe haven (for example, the nearest town, the capital Freetown, or even abroad). Households in remote areas and villages were less prepared for raids than larger towns and the variable urban captures this possibility. also, religion may have played a role in targeting. some accounts argue that women's status in the southern robust standard errors clustered by primary sampling in parentheses; + p &lt; 0.10, *p &lt; 0.05, **p &lt; 0.01, ***p &lt; 0.001 christian areas was slightly advantageous since women could become chiefs, whereas women in the predominantly Muslim north had lower status. This could be captured by the binary variable Muslim. last, the number of times the ruf established headquarters (RUF camps) within an area may have influenced the risk of rape since encounters with ruf combatants were more likely. as <ref type="table" coords="29,223.28,125.69,34.96,11.34">Table 4</ref> shows, none of these factors are statistically significant predictors of the explanatory variable CRSV in HH. These results further indicate that crsv-affected and unaffected households did not differ systematically before being exposed or not exposed to crsv. Third, as described above, to further increase my ability to make a causal statement, i have matched the data using the ceM algorithm. 105 although matching does not solve problems of omitted variable bias, it balances the data and thereby reduces model dependence and misspecification bias.</p><p>Fourth and finally, i employ an instrumental variable (Iv) approach whereby i exploit the exogenous distance of a chiefdom from the next diamond or gold mine. The idea behind this Iv is that the ruf, as the main perpetrator of sexual violence during the war, sought to control these mining areas. These areas therefore attracted what Jeremy Weinstein refers to as opportunistic joiners, that is, combatants who were drawn to the ruf not because of its initial ideological mission to transform the marauding political and social system, 106 but rather for private and materialistic benefits. 107 relating to this key aspect, cohen argues that opportunistic groups-abductees and "greedy" joiners-suffer from lower levels of group cohesion than groups consisting of ideologically motivated joiners. 108 among such low-cohesion, opportunitydriven groups, sexual violence, and particularly gang rape, commonly has been used to increase bonding among combatants and thereby increase unit strength. 109 Households in chiefdoms closer to mines should therefore have had a higher risk of experiencing crsv. The distance from mines should therefore negatively affect the risk of conflictrelated sexual violence (CRSV in HH).</p><p>all further details, including the construction of the two Ivs, the theoretical assumptions, the exclusion restriction, and Iv regression tables, are presented in section 3 in the supplementary material. 110 Briefly, the s o c I a l co n s e q u en c es o f s ex ua l v I o len c e first stage of the Iv estimation finds that as expected, households closer to diamond and gold mines were more likely to be affected by crsv <ref type="figure" coords="30,48.00,86.69,64.20,11.63">(CRSV in HH)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" coords="30,118.39,86.27,10.06,6.61">111</ref> The second-stage results largely confirm the main results presented above. The effect of CRSV in HH on membership in associations remains highly significant (below 0.1 percent) and the effect on donations gains more significance (below 0.1 percent). But the effect on contributions disappears. These slightly deviant results may come from the fact that the Iv approach only estimates the local average treatment effect (late), that is, those households that comply with the assumption that proximity to mines increases the risk of crsv. The late cannot be estimated for so-called defiers, never-takers, and always-takers (more details on the assumptions can be found in section 3.1 of the supplementary material). 112 The f-statistic of 40 suggests that the instrument is sufficiently correlated with the explanatory variable CRSV in HH. Furthermore, the significant p-value of the underidentification test allows rejecting the null hypothesis that the instruments are irrelevant. in total, the Iv results further support the resilience argument (H2) and show no evidence of social decay (H1).</p><p>qualItatIve evIdence on MechanIsMs although the statistical analysis provides robust evidence for the resilience hypothesis that crsv-affected households engage in more prosocial behavior, it does not tell us much about the underlying mechanisms of this relationship. 113 in this section, i present qualitative evidence on how and why crsv survivors and their families have engaged in prosocial behavior and what prosocial behavior can mean in the context of a sierra leonean village. Prosocial behavior, as i will show, is strongly embedded in traditional rituals and is a precondition for reconciliation, reintegration, and social acceptance. i also point out some general, national-level conditions that further contribute to a climate of forgiveness, integration, and peacebuilding in postwar sierra leone. a few anthropological studies examine the process of how crsv victims are received, treated, and integrated by their families and communities. 114 Broadly speaking, one can distinguish between crsv victims, for example, those raped on one occasion, such as a village raid, and bush wives, those abducted and abused by the ruf, often for years. w o r l d p o lI t I c s crsv victims and bush wives alike faced at least initial stigmatization and were seen as unclean, but the perception of former bush wives was much more negative since they were often not viewed as abductees but as rebels who killed, abused drugs, had children born of rape, and who showed other nontraditional female behavior. Villagers often feared bush wives for their aggressive conduct. <ref type="bibr" coords="31,251.06,125.27,10.06,6.61">115</ref> Upon return to their villages, most bush wives faced initial rejection by either the family or the community. often, due to fear of stigma being inflicted on the family, there were differing views within families on how to deal with returning wives, daughters, and sisters. The following account exemplifies this:</p><p>When i came back from the bush, my parents hugged me, but other people weren't happy. They mocked my parents and me. 116 another crsv survivor shared a similar experience:</p><p>My bad luck affected my family because i slept in the same bed as my mother.</p><p>Her business was also not going well and she was stigmatized for sharing a bed with a rebel. 117</p><p>These accounts provide partial evidence for the decay mechanism (H1). But as theorized in the resilience hypothesis (H2), there are ways to overcome this stigma, as i show below. stigma and rejection were less pronounced if crsv victims had been raped during village raids by combatants because these victims were not viewed as ruf members. yet to get rid of the stigma, crsv survivors and bush wives alike had to go through cleansing rituals that are widely practiced in sierra leone. These rituals were performed by local healers (herbalists, Mori-man, and Karamoko) and the women's secret society (Bundu), and took place outside the community. They involved physical cleansing, prayers, and donations. Upon returning to the community, the cleansed crsv victim was reintroduced as a member of the community and food was shared-an act that is an important symbol of acceptance and integration in sierra leone. 118 lindsay stark notes that in approximately two-thirds of the cases the family decided that the girl should be cleansed, and in one-third the girl herself made the decision and was supported by her family. <ref type="bibr" coords="31,257.04,527.27,10.06,6.61">119</ref>  stigma inflicted on the girls and their families was the main reason for undergoing the cleansing rituals. These accounts show that victims and families-anticipating social norms and sanctions-successfully used countermeasures in the form of prosocial behavior to avert exclusion. This provides direct evidence of the resilience mechanism (H2).</p><p>in his study, Mats Utas notes that 83 percent of his interviewees who had been raped were treated by traditional healers and accepted by their home communities. 120 stark finds that ritual cleansing led to a positive self-perception among crsv victims and contributed to community acceptance. For instance, one of her respondents said, "i see my family now. after the cleansing, they welcomed me. My family is more interested in me. i feel happy because we are one with the rest of the community." 121 importantly, these cleansing rituals were a collective effort involving the crsv victim, the family, and the community. stark notes that in some instances the community financed and organized the rituals as a sign of caring. Families themselves also contributed their share, not least by agreeing to have their family members cleansed. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,306.53,281.27,10.06,6.61">122</ref> all these accounts show that the extended family of the victim plays a key role as the initial group for the victim to go to, and from then on as supporters of the cleansing process. if the family rejects a victim, access to cleansing and subsequent reintegration is much harder. indeed, rejection sometimes drove bush wives back to their former ruf husbands. 123 according to these studies, the family is understood as the victim's agent within the community. The family establishes contacts with elders and healers, helps prepare the ceremony, and donates money when necessary.</p><p>although there are no representative data on the existence of cleansing rituals across sierra leone, the anthropological studies cited describe it as a rather common custom, and one that enjoys widespread respect and popularity among villagers as an alternative to Western approaches to justice. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,135.64,463.27,10.06,6.61">124</ref> apart from the social institutions of reconciliation at the village level, chris coulter and Utas argue that the sheer magnitude of crsv (39 percent, see <ref type="table" coords="32,88.54,502.69,33.01,11.34" target="#tab_4">Table 1</ref>) made it easier for survivors and families to share their ordeals and talk openly about it, and thereby reduce severe stigma and social exclusion. 125 Because all social classes and regions and many families were affected, crsv was to a degree a collective experience, making it less likely that stigma and exclusion would arise. a report by Human rights Watch notes, Given that rape has been committed on such a systematic and widespread scale and was witnessed by many people, it seems that rape survivors, particularly in urban centers, are generally not stigmatized by society. survivors interviewed have expressed fear of rejection by their families and communities, but in practice it seems that their fears are unfounded. Most survivors are accepted back into their communities, with their families simply overjoyed to find that they are still alive. 126 evidently, crsv-affected families' engagement in cleansing rituals and the high prevalence of crsv reduced sustained stigmatization and fostered social acceptance. This qualitative evidence not only supports the findings of the statistical analysis, but also enriches these findings by adding a contextualized understanding of what the concept of prosocial behavior entails on the ground. The fact that crsv-affected families obey the traditional norms of reintegration can be understood as a contribution to communal peace and harmony. although the participation in cleansing ceremonies promises social reintegration for victims and families, it also incurs costs as they must pay for healers and materials, and donate or pay for food shared with the community. For rural households these costs can be significant. nevertheless, withstanding the public attention the ceremonies focus on them takes courage and commitment on the part of the victims and their families.</p><p>The fact that stigmatization occurs and is reportedly a reason to engage in these reconciliatory practices also supports the notion that the resilience mechanism functions as a means to overcome stigmatization and exclusion following crsv, which is an important aspect of the proposed theory.</p><p>Moving from the analytical microlevel to the national level, it is worth noting that the general scope conditions and the role of authorities in sierra leone were favorable for peacebuilding and reconciliation relative to many other african postconflict contexts. authorities including President ahmad Kabbah, the inter-religious council of sierra leone, and the council of churches, continuously called for forgiveness as a precondition for peace in sierra leone. The lack of severe divisions along ethnic and religious lines in sierra leonean soci- <ref type="bibr" coords="33,81.00,573.39,70.27,8.18">125 coulter, 2009, 131;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="33,153.06,573.68,31.20,7.89" target="#b70">Utas 2009</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="33,184.26,573.68,15.43,7.89;33,81.00,582.39,96.36,8.18">, 18. 126 Human rights Watch 2003</ref> ety must be mentioned in this regard as well. 127 evangelical churches particularly attracted crsv survivors because the process of being born again and accepting the gospel provided victims with a chance to leave behind their old identity. as such, churches played a key role in healing and social inclusion among and between communities. 128 This idea of forgiveness was echoed by the population, which reconciled with former rebels despite the atrocities they had committed. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,292.05,138.27,10.06,6.61">129</ref> in addition, the silence about rape was broken because of the heavy presence of international ngos and because many women demanded peace and participated in postconflict recovery. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,260.77,177.27,10.06,6.61">130</ref> The trc was initiated to create a forum where experiences of war could be shared. 131 similarly, international organizations funded human rights campaigns across the country and thereby supported women's causes and gender equality. over time, these efforts contributed to a change in the public discourse on gender relations and sexual and gender-based violence, and created supportive conditions for the acceptance of crsv victims and their families. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,69.00,268.27,10.06,6.61">132</ref> The supportive role of churches and ngos is reflected in the humanitarian aid variable in the statistical analysis.</p><p>apart from international support, there are enlightening examples of grassroots movements for gender equality among refugees themselves. elizabeth Mills and colleagues report that the constant threat of violence-in particular against women-in Guinean refugee camps was a key motive for the creation and expansion of the Men's association for Gender equality (Mage). according to Mills' research, sierra leonean rebels infiltrated refugee camps in Guinea and were responsible for rising levels of sexual violence. among female refugees, this contributed to a growing perception that all men were perpetrators. Mage started organizing small meetings among fellow refugees to allow them to share their frustration over the ubiquity of violence in the camps and the worsening gender relations among refugees. structural violence against women had been entrenched in sierra leone, and the extreme brutality that many witnessed or experienced during the war contributed to critical reflections among men on gender relations. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,361.94,476.27,10.06,6.61">133</ref> What makes Mage such an illuminating example is that it emerged organically from within a group of vulnerable refugees without external support from international humanitarian agencies, and thereby reflects the notion of resilience very compellingly.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>partIcularItIes, lIMItatIons, and addItIonal tests</head><p>although the statistical and the qualitative analyses support the resilience hypothesis, some particularities and limitations must be noted. First, time matters. There is likely to be a difference between the shortterm and long-term social consequences of crsv. The immediate shock for individuals and families may cause more distress than what remains of those feelings ten years after the end of the war (when the slIhs was conducted) following immense reconciliation efforts and peacebuilding. <ref type="bibr" coords="35,110.20,216.27,10.06,6.61">134</ref> Hence, the analysis is limited to the long-term effects of crsv.</p><p>second, although the slIhs is representative of the sierra leonean population in 2011, some people and households were systematically excluded because they had been killed, died, or remained outside of sierra leone. 135 in addition, one could argue that crsv-affected families returning from exile or displacement camps may not have gone back to their home communities, but moved to a new location in sierra leone to avoid stigmatization and to have better chances of being socially included. But the slIhs data speak against that notion. on average, 49 percent of displaced households were affected by crsv, as compared to only 27 percent of nondisplaced households. The crsv prevalence rate among displaced households returning to their home communities was 49 percent, and among those households moving to places other than their home communities it was 42 percent, and hence substantially lower. according to the data, it appears that crsv exposure is not correlated with a preference not to return to one's home community.</p><p>Third, when it comes to social inclusion, inclusion among crsv victims themselves and inclusion between victims and other members of the community should be distinguished. one could argue that survivors of crsv (and also amputees) are perhaps more likely to participate in ngo-supported activities and organizations, such as women's rights organizations (or soccer leagues for amputees). This notion refers to inclusion among victims, but it may not necessarily mean that survivors of crsv (or amputees) are included in broader community-based associa-tions, such as committees on health, education, water, or development (inclusion between crsv survivors and other community members). Unfortunately, the data do not provide more detailed information on the kind of community organizations respondents are members of. But the slIhs includes a question on whether respondents are members of a professional association (for example, a local farmers' or fishermen's association), which is less likely to be initiated by an ngo, and reflects the notion of inclusion between crsv-affected and unaffected households. <ref type="table" coords="36,48.00,164.69,43.27,11.34">Table a6</ref> in the supplementary material shows the results of a regression model that uses the binary variable professional association as an alternative outcome. 136 interestingly, crsv-affected households are still more likely to be members of professional organizations, while households with amputees (mutilation in HH) are not. This result supports the idea that elevated prosocial behavior on the part of crsv-affected households is independent of potential ngo-supported activities and associations. Ultimately, this finding strengthens the notion of resilience and inclusion between crsv-affected households and the rest of the community.</p><p>Fourth, although quantitative data are immensely valuable for this type of analysis, they fall short in providing in-depth knowledge about the particular circumstances of crsv. additionally, the data do not allow us to distinguish between the actions taken by the family and the crsv victim. Future data collection efforts should pay attention to the types of crsv, the nature of the event, and the type of exposure (personal victimization or witness) to account for effect heterogeneity.</p><p>conclusIon The purpose of this article was to examine the social consequences of wartime sexual violence, and in particular whether crsv victims and their families are stigmatized and socially excluded (decay mechanisms) or whether they engage in compensatory prosocial behavior to ensure social inclusion (resilience mechanism). Using representative household-level data from sierra leone, i demonstrate that crsv-affected households are more likely to be members of local associations, more likely to allocate money to communal events, and more likely to donate than unaffected households. several robustness checks, including an instrumental variable approach, validate the results. The qualitative evidence further supports the findings and sheds some light on the un- <ref type="bibr" coords="36,60.00,581.59,7.00,4.60">136</ref> Koos 2018b. derlying mechanism, emphasizing the importance of community-level reconciliation processes and cleansing rituals for crsv victims.</p><p>This study's contribution to the literature on sexual violence in armed conflicts is twofold. First, it is-to the best of my knowledge-the first systematic comparative analysis of the social consequences of wartime sexual violence. 137 it thus complements the qualitative literature on crsv by addressing the nagging issues of selection bias and the lack of representativeness. second, by drawing on recent findings from social psychology, it provides a new, extended theoretical argument on how crsv victims and their families use countermeasures to remain members of their community. in that sense, it challenges the dominant notion in the feminist literature and the development community that crsv destroys the social fabric of communities. 138 crsv victims, their families, and the communities they live in, it appears, are far more resilient than previously assumed.</p><p>additionally, the article enriches the literature on the sociopolitical legacy of violence by being the first to consider sexual violence as a distinct form of violence. 139 information on crsv exposure at the household level is typically not available, which makes the present article particularly valuable. The analysis shows that crsv and the mechanisms that follow exposure to it have far more significant social outcomes than homicide or displacement, at least in the context of sierra leone.</p><p>although the results are representative of sierra leone, the question remains as to what degree the resilience mechanism is generalizable to other contexts where crsv has been widespread-for instance, to postconflict zones such as the eastern congo, Darfur, south sudan, nepal, and colombia. several conditions have been raised throughout the article, and these appear to be critical in enabling the operation of the resilience mechanism. Here i summarize these conditions to allow an evaluation of the extent to which other contexts share them.</p><p>First, the magnitude and frequency with which crsv was perpetrated in sierra leone was a defining feature of the war and of the ruf's practices in particular. crsv was so widespread that most people knew someone among their family or friends who had been raped. Therefore, everyone had to deal with crsv in some sense, and people talked openly about it. Furthermore, gang rape and public rape were frequent. These forms of crsv may create collective experiences of suffering and therefore reduce victim-blaming and stigmatization. These conditions ulti-mately provided fertile conditions for crsv victims and their families to be accepted by their communities. <ref type="bibr" coords="38,205.16,73.27,10.06,6.61">140</ref> second, the ruf targeted all social classes and all ethnic and religious groups with its repertoire of violence, and thereby created a collective, cross-cutting traumatic experience that, ironically, prevented massive social divisions after the war. 141 Francisco Gutiérrez-sanín and Wood conceptualize these first two factors, frequency and targeting, as key dimensions of their concept of "patterns of political violence." 142 The lack of ethnic targeting and the minor ethnic divisions in sierra leone further facilitated reconciliation.</p><p>Third, as the qualitative section shows exhaustively, the cultural resources available to crsv victims and their families to redress stigma by adhering to local forms of reconciliation and cleansing played a major role inside communities. We find similar traditions of reconciliatory practices throughout africa and elsewhere. in Peru, for instance, Kimberley Theidon documents how deeply divided communities used such ceremonies to transform and integrate former wrongdoers back into the community. <ref type="bibr" coords="38,102.63,281.27,10.06,6.61">143</ref> Fourth and last, as both the statistical and qualitative sections show, humanitarian assistance matters not only to crsv victims, but also to all respondents. apart from providing medical, psychological, and social assistance, advocacy campaigns and women's rights associations enabled women to become involved in the peace process and thereby shed light on the gendered consequences of war. These four conditions make intuitive sense as facilitating factors, but to what degree they are necessary or sufficient for the resilience mechanism to operate needs to be tested in a comparative cross-country framework.</p><p>To conclude, these findings raise new and more general questions about how individuals, families, and communities develop and exercise the resilience to withstand shocks and traumatic events. Policymakers and practitioners in the humanitarian and development communities can use these results to recalibrate their working relationships with local communities. The example of the Men's association for Gender equality presented in the qualitative section illustrates how resilience develops under harsh conditions and distress. Granting the people who should benefit from humanitarian responses more decision-making power in the design of gender-related programs would harness resilience capacities</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="18,191.65,530.80,36.70,9.86;18,120.07,542.80,175.76,9.86;18,297.32,542.06,2.61,6.04;18,60.00,559.06,2.61,6.04;18,62.61,561.22,309.58,7.89;18,48.00,571.22,324.21,7.89;18,48.00,581.22,324.00,7.89;18,48.00,591.22,283.28,7.89"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>(a) through (d) show the intensity of different forms of reported violence per chiefdom. These figures are based on slIhs data. Darker areas indicate higher levels of violence. For instance, panel (a) shows that the northern and southern parts reported the highest levels of crsv. The spatial patterns for homicide (b), mutilation (c), and displacement (d) are distinctively different. (a) through (c) show how the spatial patterns of violence against civilians changed over time. The figures are based on violent event data from the sll-led.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5" coords="27,132.51,555.48,224.83,7.89;27,81.00,564.19,56.99,8.18;27,81.00,573.19,311.96,8.18;27,69.00,582.48,38.70,7.89"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Truth and reconciliation commission 2004, para. 262, 282, 365, 460.101  Keen 2005, 76.102  Bellows and Miguel 2009;<ref type="bibr" coords="27,179.08,573.48,74.46,7.89" target="#b71">Voors and Bulte 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,256.13,573.48,58.50,7.89" target="#b72">Voors et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="27,317.34,573.48,75.62,7.89;27,69.00,582.48,38.70,7.89" target="#b36">Gilligan, Pasquale, and samii 2013.</ref> </figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="7,69.00,481.69,324.02,116.68"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>This critique does not suggest that the data For instance, Denov 2006 relies on three interviews. skjelsbaek 2006 presents narratives from five crsv survivors. Trenholm, olsson, and ahlberg 2011 rely on interviews with ten traditional leaders. christian et al. 2011 draw on fifteen interviews with survivors, and Mukamana and Brysiewicz 2008 draw on seven. 34 skjelsbaek 2006; Trenholm et al. 2011; Mukamana and Brysiewicz 2008; Denov 2006.</figDesc><table coords="7,81.00,509.19,200.75,49.60">28 sideris 2003, 721. 
29 sideris 2003; Denov 2006; Mukamana and Brysiewicz 2008. 
30 Human rights Watch 2003, 52. 
31 carpenter 2006; cohen 2013b. 
32 sivakumaran 2007. 
33 </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="14,48.00,489.69,324.23,64.68"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>i use different survey ques-</figDesc><table coords="14,48.00,510.19,324.23,44.18">73 richards 1996; Keen 2005. 
74 cohen 2013a. 
75 Millar 2012. 
76 see http://catalog.ihsn.org/index.php/catalog/4799/study-description, accessed December 30, 
2017. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="16,48.00,563.48,324.25,25.89"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>see http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sP.PoP.ToTl?locations=sl, accessed December 30, 2017. 84Guberek et al. 2006, 5.    </figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="16,47.99,60.60,316.87,220.58"><head>taBle 1 suMMary statIstIcs</head><label>1</label><figDesc></figDesc><table coords="16,47.99,91.65,316.87,189.53">Mean 
SD 
Min 
Max 
Obs. 

association 
0.615 
0.487 
0 
1 
5475 
contributions 
0.770 
0.421 
0 
1 
5475 
Donations 
0.484 
0.500 
0 
1 
5475 
crsV in HH 
0.390 
0.488 
0 
1 
5475 
Humanitarian aid 
0.287 
0.453 
0 
1 
5475 
Homicide in HH 
0.317 
0.465 
0 
1 
5475 
Mutilation in HH 
0.067 
0.250 
0 
1 
5475 
HH ever displaced 
0.543 
0.498 
0 
1 
5475 
rUF camps 
2.046 
2.218 
0 
14 
5475 
Urban 
0.287 
0.452 
0 
1 
5475 
Household size 
5.582 
2.213 
1 
23 
5475 
Poverty index 
2.773 
0.923 
1 
5 
5475 
Muslim 
0.808 
0.394 
0 
1 
5475 
Female 
0.252 
0.434 
0 
1 
5475 
age 
45.816 
14.237 
18 
99 
5475 
age 2 
2301.721 
1470.036 
324 
9801 
5475 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="22,47.95,60.60,324.30,334.31"><head>taBle 2 effect</head><label>2</label><figDesc>of crsv on MeMBershIp In assocIatIons a</figDesc><table coords="22,47.95,91.65,324.30,303.26">(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
Association 
Association 
Association 
Association 

crsV in HH 
0.347** 
0.343** 
0.321* 
0.390** 
(0.122) 
(0.121) 
(0.124) 
(0.139) 
Humanitarian aid 
1.189*** 
1.314*** 
(0.157) 
(0.206) 
crsV in 
-0.314 
HH*Humanitarian aid 
(0.262) 
Homicide in HH 
-0.224 
-0.186 
-0.189 
(0.146) 
(0.148) 
(0.148) 
Mutilation in HH 
0.755** 
0.528* 
0.559* 
(0.242) 
(0.228) 
(0.230) 
HH ever displaced 
-0.151 
-0.165 
-0.154 
(0.150) 
(0.152) 
(0.152) 
rUF camps 
-0.028 
-0.016 
-0.016 
(0.035) 
(0.035) 
(0.034) 
Household controls 
yes 
yes 
yes 
yes 
individual controls 
yes 
yes 
yes 
yes 
District dummies 
yes 
yes 
yes 
yes 
F-stat 
1.221 
1.437 
0.292 
0.339 
p-value 
0.278 
0.168 
0.977 
0.962 
Model 
logit 
logit 
logit 
logit 
observations 
5475 
5475 
5475 
5475 

robust standard errors clustered by primary sampling unit in parentheses; + p &lt; 0.10, *p &lt; 0.05, **p &lt; 0.01, 
***p &lt; 0.001 
a outcome variable association measures whether someone in the household is member of a commu-

nity-based association. 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="24,48.00,60.60,296.10,297.56"><head>taBle 3 effect</head><label>3</label><figDesc>of crsv on prosocIal BehavIor a</figDesc><table coords="24,48.00,91.65,296.10,266.51">(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
Association 
Contributions 
Donations 

crsV in HH 
0.390** 
0.483** 
0.231 + 
(0.139) 
(0.158) 
(0.140) 
Humanitarian aid 
1.314*** 
-0.427* 
0.184 
(0.206) 
(0.196) 
(0.145) 
crsV in HH*humanitarian aid 
-0.314 
0.150 
-0.088 
(0.262) 
(0.264) 
(0.213) 
Homicide in HH 
-0.189 
-0.052 
0.112 
(0.148) 
(0.145) 
(0.118) 
Mutilation in HH 
0.559* 
0.120 
-0.622*** 
(0.230) 
(0.278) 
(0.184) 
HH ever displaced 
-0.154 
0.160 
0.221 + 
(0.152) 
(0.142) 
(0.127) 
rUF camps 
-0.016 
0.011 
0.034 
(0.034) 
(0.037) 
(0.033) 
Household controls 
yes 
yes 
yes 
individual controls 
yes 
yes 
yes 
District dummies 
yes 
yes 
yes 
F-stat 
0.339 
0.564 
0.246 
p-value 
0.962 
0.827 
0.987 
Model 
logit 
logit 
logit 
observations 
5475 
5475 
5475 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" coords="31,81.00,527.69,312.01,62.68"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>stark further notes that the</figDesc><table coords="31,81.00,546.19,61.34,44.18">115 coulter 2009. 
116 stark 2006, 211. 
117 stark 2006, 212. 
118 Utas 2009. 
119 stark 2006. 
</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">w o r l d p o lI t I c s</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="103">see also cohen 2016. since these household characteristics (apart from RUF camps) were collected in 2011, they only imperfectly approximate pre-crsv characteristics, but assuming a certain degree of continuity of household features, they provide a reasonable approximation.104  Bellows and Miguel 2009.   </note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">at 16:18:18, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms. s o c I a l co n s e q u en c es o f s ex ua l v I o len c e</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="13,87.00,500.48,251.74,7.89;13,81.00,509.19,71.45,8.18;13,81.00,518.19,83.63,8.18;13,81.00,527.19,45.50,8.18" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">For instance, rape was sanctioned with death, according to one ruf combatant. 64 Peters 2011, chpt. 5. 65 see also Hoffman</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>66 Peters</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,87.00,536.48,77.30,7.89" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Guberek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="page">12</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,87.00,545.48,158.90,7.89" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Guberek</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Human rights Watch</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,87.00,554.48,73.30,7.89;13,81.00,563.19,140.99,8.18;13,81.00,572.19,157.36,8.18" xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Guberek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<pubPlace>MacKenzie</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>70 Physicians for Human rights 2002, 3, 59. 71 cohen</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="13,87.00,581.48,99.46,7.89;39,169.50,125.76,223.52,9.86;39,69.00,137.76,91.52,9.86;39,202.66,166.19,56.67,11.34;39,69.00,184.76,323.99,10.11;39,81.00,195.76,184.91,10.11" xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Building Resilience: Social Capital in Post-Disaster Recovery</title>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s0043887117000351.referencesaldrich</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1017/s0043887117000351.referencesaldrich" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>University of chicago Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>chicago, ill</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Human rights Watch 2003, 4. for this article can be</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,69.00,206.76,323.98,9.86;39,81.00,217.76,312.31,9.86;39,81.00,228.76,312.00,9.86;39,81.00,239.76,312.29,10.11;39,81.00,250.76,162.46,9.86" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of War-related sexual Violence and other Human rights abuses among internally Displaced Persons in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristina</forename><surname>Chen Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Beth</forename><surname>Hare Lyons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Vann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1001/jama.287.4.513</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">287</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="513" to="534" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Binta Mansaray, adyinka M. akinsulure-smith, louise Taylor, and Vincent iacopino</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,69.00,261.76,324.01,10.11;39,81.00,272.76,234.56,10.11;39,69.00,283.76,323.97,9.86;39,81.00,294.76,311.99,10.11;39,81.00,305.76,312.28,10.11" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">civil War, reintegration, and Gender in northern Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joshua</forename><surname>Angrist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Jorn-Steffen Pischke ; Princeton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeannie</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Blattman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022002711408013</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="877" to="908" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Mastering Metrics: The Path from Cause to Effect</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,69.00,316.76,323.99,9.86;39,80.99,327.76,312.30,9.86;39,80.99,338.76,308.96,9.86" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">silent Victims, young Girls at risk: an evaluation of Post-War rape and the response to rape in the Provinces of sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kati</forename><surname>Bambrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<pubPlace>Freetown, sierra leone</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Technical report</note>
	<note>campaign for Good Governance</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,68.99,349.76,323.99,9.86;39,80.99,360.76,312.31,9.86;39,80.99,371.76,312.00,10.11;39,80.99,382.76,23.10,9.86" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The empathyaltruism Hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Batson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Daniel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Lishner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Stocks</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Oxford Handbook of Prosocial Behavior. oxford</title>
		<editor>David a. schroeder and William G. Graziano</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,68.99,393.76,324.02,9.86;39,80.99,404.76,311.89,10.11;39,80.99,415.76,264.93,10.11" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">can War Foster cooperation?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michal</forename><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Blattman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julie</forename><forename type="middle">Chytilová</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Henrich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Miguel</forename><surname>Edward</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tamar</forename><surname>Mitts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1257/jep.30.3.249</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,68.99,426.76,324.28,9.86;39,80.99,437.76,312.01,9.86;39,80.99,448.76,311.97,10.11;39,80.99,459.76,47.54,9.86" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">War&apos;s enduring effects on the Development of egalitarian Motivations and in-Group Biases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michal</forename><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Julie</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><surname>Henrich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0956797613493444</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="47" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,68.99,470.76,324.00,9.86;39,80.99,481.76,312.31,10.11;39,80.99,492.76,201.09,9.86" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">intergroup Violence and Political attitudes: evidence from a Dividing sudan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bernd</forename><surname>Beber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><surname>Roessler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s0022381614000103</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,68.99,503.76,324.32,9.86;39,80.99,514.76,311.97,9.86;39,80.99,525.76,312.01,9.86;39,80.99,536.76,312.01,9.86;39,81.00,547.76,188.33,9.86" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Violence, social capital and economic Development: evidence of a Microeconomic Vicious circle</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leonardo</forename><surname>Becchetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierluigi</forename><surname>Conzo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alessandro</forename><surname>Romeo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/6240219.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">ecineQ Working Paper 2011-197</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Verona, italy</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-12-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>: society for the study of economic inequality</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,69.00,558.76,324.00,9.86;39,81.00,569.76,312.32,10.11;39,80.99,580.76,128.58,9.86" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">War and institutions: new evidence from sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Bellows</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1257/000282806777212323</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="394" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,11.57,523.02,6.04,125.82;39,8.93,409.33,0.76,21.37;39,3.64,400.43,6.04,7.34;40,48.00,60.60,324.01,10.11;40,59.99,71.60,281.01,10.11" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">War and local collective action in sierra leone</title>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/S0043887117000351</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1016/j.jpubeco.2009.07.012</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1017/S0043887117000351" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Public Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1144" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,82.60,324.28,9.86;40,59.99,93.60,312.00,10.11;40,59.99,104.60,309.82,9.86" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">cem: coarsened exact Matching in stata</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Matthew</forename><surname>Blackwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guiseppe</forename><surname>Porro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="https://gking.harvard.edu/files/gking/files/cemstata_0.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Stata Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="524" to="570" />
			<date type="published" when="2009-01-05" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,115.60,323.99,9.86;40,59.99,126.60,312.28,10.11;40,59.99,137.60,141.70,9.86" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Violence to Voting: War and Political Participation in Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><surname>Blattman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s0003055409090212</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="231" to="278" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,148.60,324.00,9.86;40,59.99,159.60,312.31,10.11;40,59.99,170.60,247.62,9.86" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">resilience to loss and Potential Trauma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">George</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bonanno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maren</forename><surname>Westphal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anthony</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mancini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-032210-104526</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="511" to="546" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,181.60,324.25,9.86;40,59.99,192.60,312.29,10.11;40,59.98,203.60,177.93,9.86" xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Handbook of Theory and Research for the Sociology of Education</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierre</forename><surname>Bourdieu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>John G. richardson</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
			<publisher>Greenwood Publishing Group inc</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="58" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Forms of capital</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.98,214.60,251.78,10.11" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Bowlby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1969" />
			<publisher>Basic Books</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,225.60,323.99,10.11;40,59.99,236.60,145.05,9.86" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Being Human: conflict: altruism&apos;s Midwife</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Samuel</forename><surname>Bowles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1038/456326a</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">456</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="353" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,247.60,324.30,10.11;40,59.99,258.60,107.00,9.86" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Against Our Will: Men, Women, and Rape. new york, n.y.: simon and schuster</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susan</forename><surname>Brownmiller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,269.60,323.98,10.11;40,59.99,280.60,240.69,10.11" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">rethinking &apos;rape as a Weapon of War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Doris</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Buss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10691-009-9118-5</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Feminist Legal Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,291.60,324.02,10.11;40,59.99,302.60,286.25,10.11;40,47.99,313.60,324.30,10.11;40,59.99,324.60,152.88,9.86" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Handbook of Posttraumatic Growth: Research and Practice. new york, n.y.: Psychology Press . card, claudia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lawrence</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Calhoun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Tedeschi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1527-2001.1996.tb01031.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hypatia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>rape as a Weapon of War</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,335.60,324.00,9.86;40,59.99,346.60,312.27,10.11;40,59.99,357.60,118.58,9.86" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">recognizing Gender-Based Violence against civilian Men and Boys in conflict situations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charli</forename><surname>Carpenter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0967010606064139</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Security Dialogue</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="83" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,368.60,324.29,9.86;40,59.99,379.60,312.29,10.11;40,59.99,390.60,141.22,9.86;40,47.99,401.60,324.00,9.86;40,59.99,412.60,312.03,9.86;40,59.99,423.60,312.01,9.86;40,59.99,434.60,311.97,10.11;40,59.99,445.60,101.12,9.86" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">sexual and Gender Based Violence against Men in the Democratic republic of the congo: effects on survivors, Their Families and the community</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Adrienne</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Carter-Sowell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kipling</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Zhansheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Christian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gilbert</forename><surname>Mervyn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nancy</forename><surname>Burnham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Glass</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/15534510802204868</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1080 /13623699.2011.645144</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Influence</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="227" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>ostracism increases social susceptibility</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.99,456.60,323.99,9.86;40,59.98,467.60,312.28,10.11;40,59.98,478.60,141.70,9.86;40,47.98,489.60,324.02,9.86;40,59.98,500.60,312.31,10.11;40,59.98,511.60,141.70,9.86;40,47.98,522.60,306.74,10.11;40,47.98,533.60,324.00,9.86;40,59.98,544.60,311.91,10.11;40,59.98,555.60,268.14,10.11" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Female combatants and the Perpetration of Violence: Wartime rape in the sierra leone civil War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dara</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s0003055413000221</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1177/0022343312436769</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">explaining rape during civil War: cross-national evidence</title>
		<editor>cohen, Dara Kay, and amelia Hoover Green</editor>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>cornell University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="445" to="58" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Peace Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,47.98,566.60,324.01,10.11;40,59.98,577.60,239.73,10.11" xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bush Wives and Girl Soldiers: Women&apos;s Lives through War and Peace in Sierra Leone. ithaca, n.y</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chris</forename><surname>Coulter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>cornell University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="40,11.57,523.02,6.04,125.82" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/S0043887117000351</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1017/S0043887117000351" />
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.00,60.60,323.99,9.86;41,81.00,71.60,311.96,10.11;41,81.00,82.60,160.39,9.86" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">civil War and Political Participation: evidence from Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Giacomo</forename><surname>De Luca</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marijke</forename><surname>Verpoorten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1086/682957</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Economic Development and Cultural Change</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="154" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.00,93.60,324.01,9.86;41,81.00,104.60,312.29,10.11;41,81.00,115.60,171.00,9.86" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Wartime sexual Violence: assessing a Human security response to War-affected Girls in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Denov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0967010606069178</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Security Dialogue</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="319" to="361" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.00,126.60,324.30,10.11;41,81.00,137.60,118.50,9.86" xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Oxford Handbook of Social Exclusion. oxford</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Nathan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.00,148.60,324.01,9.86;41,81.01,159.60,311.97,10.11;41,81.01,170.60,27.54,9.86" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Becoming abject: rape as a Weapon of War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bülent</forename><surname>Diken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Carsten Bagge Laustsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/1357034X05049853</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Body &amp; Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="111" to="139" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,181.60,324.29,9.86;41,81.01,192.60,312.01,10.11;41,81.01,203.60,23.10,9.86" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Social Psychology of Prosocial Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Dovidio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jane Allyn Piliavin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<publisher>Psychology Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Mahwah, n.J.</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,214.60,324.30,10.11;41,81.01,225.60,43.09,9.86" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Division of Labor in Society</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emile</forename><surname>Durkheim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>Free Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,236.60,323.93,10.11;41,81.01,247.60,232.76,10.11" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">A Dirty War in West Africa: The RUF and the Destruction of Sierra Leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lansana</forename><surname>Gberie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>indiana University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Bloomington, ind</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,258.60,323.98,9.86;41,81.01,269.60,311.92,10.11;41,81.01,280.60,235.38,10.11" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">civil War and social cohesion: lab-in-the-Field evidence from nepal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gilligan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Benjamin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cyrus</forename><surname>Pasquale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Samii</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/ajps.12067</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Journal of Political Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="604" to="623" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,291.60,324.01,10.11;41,81.01,302.60,215.39,9.86" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">explaining Wartime rape</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Gottschall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/00224490409552221</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Sex Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="165" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.01,313.60,324.00,9.86;41,81.01,324.60,312.04,9.86;41,81.01,335.60,312.00,9.86;41,81.02,346.60,312.00,9.86;41,81.02,357.60,312.01,9.86;41,81.02,368.60,312.46,9.86;41,81.02,379.60,112.27,9.86" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">a report by the Benetech Human rights Data analysis Group and the american Bar association. Palo alto, calif.: Benetech</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tamy</forename><surname>Guberek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Guzmán</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristen</forename><forename type="middle">Cibelli</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jana</forename><surname>Asher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><surname>Weikart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patrick</forename><surname>Ball</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wendy</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Grossman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="https://hrdag.org/publications/truth-and-myth-in-sierra-leone-an-empirical-analysis-of-the-conflict-" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Truth and Myth in sierra leone: an empirical analysis of the conflict</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.02,390.60,324.00,9.86;41,81.02,401.60,311.99,9.86;41,81.02,412.60,311.96,10.11;41,81.02,423.60,52.54,9.86" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What should We Mean by &apos;Pattern of Political Violence&apos;? repertoire, Targeting, Frequency, and Technique</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francisco</forename><surname>Gutiérrez-Sanín</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elisabeth</forename><forename type="middle">Jean</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s1537592716004114</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perspectives on Politics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.02,434.60,324.00,9.86;41,81.02,445.60,311.99,10.11;41,81.02,456.60,261.03,10.11" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The nature and Psychosocial consequences of War rape for individuals and communities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristen</forename><surname>Hagen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.5539/ijps.v2n2p14</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Journal of Psychological Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14" to="25" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.02,467.60,324.01,9.86;41,81.02,478.60,312.00,9.86;41,81.02,489.60,312.00,9.86;41,81.02,500.60,311.96,9.86;41,81.02,511.60,130.34,9.86" xml:id="b41">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Wartime Violence, empathy, and intergroup altruism: evidence from the ivoirian refugee crisis in liberia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandra</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hartman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Benjamin</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Morse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Forthcoming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://cega.berkeley.edu/assets/miscellaneous_files/119_-_HartmanMorseViolenceempathy-May_2015_-_aBca.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2017-12-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.02,522.60,324.02,10.11;41,81.02,533.60,206.86,10.11" xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The War Machines: Young Men and Violence in Sierra Leone and Liberia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Danny</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Duke University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Durham, n.c</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="41,69.02,544.60,324.01,9.86;41,81.02,555.60,311.99,9.86;41,81.01,566.60,312.28,10.11;41,81.01,577.60,190.09,9.86" xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">statistical evidence of sexual Violence in international court settings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Hoover Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Morten Bergsmo, alf Butenschøn skre, and elisabeth J. Woods</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="295" to="313" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Understanding and Proving International Sex Crimes</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,48.00,60.60,324.01,9.86;42,60.00,71.60,312.00,9.86;42,60.00,82.60,311.99,9.86;42,60.00,93.60,32.32,9.86;42,48.00,104.60,324.02,10.11;42,60.00,115.60,312.30,10.11;42,60.00,126.60,311.99,9.86;42,60.00,137.60,297.21,9.86" xml:id="b44">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">We&apos;ll Kill you if you cry:&apos; sexual Violence in the sierra leone conflict</title>
		<ptr target="https://reliefweb.int/sites/reliefweb.int/files/resources/2012Humansecurityreport-FullText_0.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003-12-04" />
			<publisher>Human security Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Vancouver, canada</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Human security report Project. 2012. Human Security Report</note>
	<note>Sexual Violence, Education, and War: Beyond the Mainstream Narrative</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,48.00,148.60,324.02,9.86;42,60.00,159.60,312.31,10.11;42,60.00,170.60,161.48,9.86" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Handling and Manhandling civilians in civil War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Macartan</forename><surname>Humphreys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeremy</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Weinstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1017/s0003055406062</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Political Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="429" to="476" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,48.00,181.60,323.99,9.86;42,60.00,192.60,312.28,10.11;42,60.00,203.60,130.84,9.86;42,48.00,214.60,324.00,9.86;42,60.00,225.60,312.27,10.11;42,60.00,236.60,73.58,9.86" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">causal inference without Balance checking: coarsened exact Matching</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stefano</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gary</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guiseppe</forename><surname>Porro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">;</forename><surname>Imbens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guido</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joshua</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/pan/mpr013</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.2307/2951620</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Political Analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="467" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Econometrica</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,48.00,247.60,323.98,10.11;42,60.00,258.60,58.74,9.86" xml:id="b47">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Conflict and Collusion in Sierra Leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Keen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
			<publisher>James currey Publishers</publisher>
			<pubPlace>oxford, UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,48.00,269.60,323.99,9.86;42,59.99,280.60,311.99,9.86;42,59.99,291.60,312.01,9.86;42,59.99,302.60,312.33,10.11;42,59.99,313.60,163.74,9.86" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How Many Bad apples Does it Take to spoil the Whole Barrel? social exclusion and Toleration for Bad apples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Norbert</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kerr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ernest</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rumble</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Japp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Craig</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ouwerkerk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marcello</forename><surname>Parks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Gallucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2009.02.017</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="603" to="616" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,47.99,324.60,323.99,9.86;42,59.99,335.60,312.02,10.11;42,59.99,346.60,106.12,9.86;42,47.99,357.60,324.00,9.86;42,59.99,368.60,311.98,9.86;42,59.98,379.60,201.51,9.86;42,47.98,390.60,324.00,9.86;42,59.98,401.60,312.00,9.86;42,59.98,412.60,224.80,9.86;42,47.98,423.60,323.98,10.11;42,59.98,434.60,312.01,10.11;42,59.98,445.60,37.00,9.86" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">replication Data for: Decay or resilience? The long-Term social consequences of conflict-related sexual Violence in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Carlo</forename><surname>Koos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.7910/DVn/3isXG0</idno>
		<ptr target="doi:10.1111/j.1468-2478.2009.00541.x" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">sexual Violence in armed conflicts: research Progress and remaining Gaps</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="445" to="68" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Third World Quarterly</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,47.98,456.60,323.96,10.11;42,59.98,467.60,286.32,10.11" xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Female Soldiers in Sierra Leone: Sex, Security, and Post-Conflict Development</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Megan</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>york University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,47.99,478.60,324.31,9.86;42,59.99,489.60,312.00,9.86;42,59.99,500.60,311.99,10.11;42,59.99,511.60,147.66,9.86" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Does social exclusion Motivate interpersonal reconnection? resolving the &apos;Porcupine Problem&apos;</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Roy</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Baumeister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schaller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1037/0022-3514.92.1.42</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,47.99,522.60,324.00,9.86;42,59.99,533.60,312.00,10.11;42,59.99,544.60,245.54,10.11" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">our brothers who went to the bush&apos;: Post-identity conflict and the experience of reconciliation in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gearoid</forename><surname>Millar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022343312440114</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="717" to="746" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="42,47.99,555.60,323.99,9.86;42,59.99,566.60,312.00,9.86;42,59.99,577.60,312.00,9.86;43,81.00,60.60,312.00,9.86;43,81.00,71.60,312.30,9.86" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">They call Me Warrior&apos;: The legacy of conflict and the struggle to end sexual and Gender-based Violence in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elizabeth</forename><surname>Mills</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zahrah</forename><surname>Nesbitt-Ahmed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jennifer</forename><surname>Diggins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tamba David</forename><surname>Mackieu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>155</idno>
		<ptr target="http://opendocs.ids.ac.uk/opendocs/handle/123456789/7106" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">institute of Development studies</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Brighton, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2015-12-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">iDs evidence report</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,82.60,323.95,10.11;43,81.00,93.60,150.81,10.11" xml:id="b54">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kieran</forename><surname>Mitton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Rebels in a Rotten State: Understanding Atrocity in the Sierra Leone Civil War. london</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Hurst</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,104.60,324.03,9.86;43,81.00,115.60,311.99,10.11;43,81.00,126.60,227.77,10.11" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">How and When exclusion Motivates social reconnection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Molden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>c. nathan DeWall</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<publisher>oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>UK</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,137.60,324.00,10.11;43,81.00,148.60,312.00,10.11;43,81.00,159.60,95.14,9.86" xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Counterfactuals and Causal Inference: Methods and Principles for Social Research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephan</forename><surname>Morgan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Christopher Winship</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>cambridge University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,170.60,324.03,9.86;43,81.00,181.60,312.31,10.11;43,81.01,192.60,196.99,9.86" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The lived experience of Genocide rape survivors in rwanda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donatilla</forename><surname>Mukamana</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Petra</forename><surname>Brysiewicz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1111/j.1547-5069.2008.00253.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Nursing Scholarship</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.01,203.60,324.30,10.11;43,81.01,214.60,114.93,9.86" xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judea</forename><surname>Pearl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Causality: Models, Reasoning, and Inference. new york, n.y</title>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.01,225.60,324.30,10.11;43,81.01,236.60,138.99,9.86;43,69.01,247.60,324.28,10.11;43,81.01,258.60,307.25,10.11" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">War-Related Sexual Violence in Sierra Leone: A Population-Based Assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Krijn</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Physicians for Human rights</title>
		<editor>Sierra Leone</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Boston, Mass</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>cambridge University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Physicians for Human rights</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.01,269.60,324.00,9.86;43,81.00,280.60,311.98,10.11;43,81.00,291.60,45.35,9.86" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">social capital: its origins and applications in Modern sociology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alejandro</forename><surname>Portes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1146/annurev.soc.24.1.1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annual Review of Sociology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,302.60,323.99,10.11;43,81.00,313.60,196.26,10.11;43,69.00,324.60,324.26,9.86;43,81.00,335.60,312.00,9.86;43,81.00,346.60,311.99,10.11;43,81.00,357.60,31.94,9.86;43,69.00,368.60,323.97,10.11;43,81.00,379.60,208.64,10.11" xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Where rebels Dare to Tread: a study of conflict Geography and co-option of local Power in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Putnam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Princeton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kars</forename><surname>De Bruijne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022002715603767.richards</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1230" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Fighting for the Rain Forest: War, Youth &amp; Resources in Sierra Leone. london</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Making Democracy Work: Civic Traditions in Modern Italy. international african institute</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,390.60,324.01,9.86;43,81.00,401.60,312.31,10.11;43,81.00,412.60,119.26,9.86" xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">seeds of Distrust: conflict in Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dominic</forename><surname>Rohner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mathias</forename><surname>Thoenig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fabrizio</forename><surname>Zilibotti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s10887-013-9093-1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Growth</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="217" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,423.60,323.96,9.86;43,81.00,434.60,311.99,10.11;43,81.00,445.60,278.39,10.11;43,69.00,456.60,324.00,10.11;43,81.00,467.60,86.25,9.86" xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Oxford Handbook of Prosocial Behavior</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Schroeder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">William</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Graziano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The Oxford Handbook of Prosocial Behavior. oxford</title>
		<editor>David a. schroeder and William G. Graziano</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>UK; oxford, UK</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Field of Prosocial Behavior</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,69.00,478.60,323.98,9.86;43,81.00,489.60,312.01,10.11;43,80.99,500.60,268.34,10.11;43,68.99,511.60,324.30,9.86;43,80.99,522.60,311.98,10.11;43,80.99,533.60,21.58,9.86" xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positive stigma: examining resilience and empowerment in overcoming stigma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Margaret</forename><surname>Shih</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0002716203260099.sideris</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1016/s0277-9536(02)000</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">591</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Social Science &amp; Medicine</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="43,68.99,544.60,323.99,9.86;43,80.99,555.60,311.99,10.11;43,80.98,566.60,312.19,9.86;43,80.98,577.60,226.19,9.86" xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">chapter 3: Women and the armed conflict in sierra leone</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.sierraleonetrc.org/index.php/view-report-text-vol-3b/item/volume-three-b-chapter" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Witness to Truth</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-12-06" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>sierra leone Truth and reconciliation commission</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.00,60.60,324.28,9.86;44,60.00,71.60,311.97,10.11;44,60.00,82.60,38.65,9.86;44,48.00,93.60,324.01,9.86;44,60.01,104.60,312.29,9.86;44,60.01,115.60,308.56,10.11;44,48.01,126.60,324.01,9.86;44,60.01,137.60,312.32,10.11;44,60.02,148.60,226.60,9.86;44,48.02,159.60,324.00,9.86;44,60.02,170.60,312.00,10.11;44,60.02,181.60,261.00,10.11;44,48.02,192.60,323.99,10.11;44,60.03,203.60,312.00,10.11;44,60.03,214.60,312.00,9.86;44,60.03,225.60,65.22,9.86" xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">cleansing the Wounds of War: an examination of Traditional Healing, Psychosocial Health and reintegration in sierra leone</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandesh</forename><surname>Sivakumaran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Donald</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1093/ejil/chm013.skjelsbaek,inger</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1097/WTF.0b013e328011a7d2</idno>
		<ptr target="http://catalog.ihsn.org/index.php/catalog/4799/study-description#page=accesspolicy&amp;tab=study-desc" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Sierra Leone Integrated Household Survey (SLIHS) 2011. ref. sle_2011_sliHs_v01_M</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="206" to="224" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Victim and survivor: narrated social identities of Women Who experienced rape During the War in Bosnia-Herzegovina</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.03,236.60,323.97,9.86;44,60.03,247.60,312.32,10.11;44,60.03,258.60,118.58,9.86;44,48.03,269.60,324.30,10.11;44,60.03,280.60,149.63,9.86" xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Justice in Transition: The Micropolitics of reconciliation in Postwar Peru</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kimberly</forename><surname>Theidon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022002706286954</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">2012. Intimate Enemies: Violence and Reconciliation in</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Peru. Philadelphia, Pa</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>University of Pennsylvania Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="433" to="57" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.03,291.60,323.97,9.86;44,60.03,302.60,312.30,9.86;44,60.03,313.60,292.44,10.11" xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Battles on Women&apos;s Bodies: War, rape and Traumatisation in eastern Democratic republic of congo</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Trenholm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ahlberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/17441690903212065</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Global Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="139" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.03,324.60,323.98,9.86;44,60.03,335.60,312.00,9.86;44,60.03,346.60,285.93,9.86;44,48.03,357.60,324.00,9.86;44,60.03,368.60,312.00,9.86;44,60.03,379.60,312.14,9.86;44,60.03,390.60,150.60,9.86" xml:id="b69">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Women are the Fabric: reproductive Health for communities in crisis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Unfpa ; York</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.unhcr.org/news/latest/2008/7/4890898c4/sierra-leonean-refugees-guinea-advised-end-status.html" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-12-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Un High commissioner for refugees</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.03,401.60,324.01,9.86;44,60.03,412.60,312.02,9.86;44,60.03,423.60,209.82,9.86;44,48.02,434.60,324.01,9.86;44,60.03,445.60,312.30,10.11;44,60.03,456.60,190.80,9.86" xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">sexual abuse survivors and the complex of Traditional Healing. (G)local Prospects in the aftermath of an african War</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mats</forename><surname>Utas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.agsy.2011.12.003</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">nai Policy Dialog. Uppsala, sweden: nordiksa afrikainstitutet. van rijn, Fédes, erwin Bulte, and adewale adekunle</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="112" to="134" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>social capital and agricultural innovation in sub-saharan africa</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.03,467.60,324.00,9.86;44,60.03,478.60,311.91,10.11;44,60.02,489.60,268.14,10.11" xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">conflict and the evolution of institutions: Unbundling institutions at the local level in Burundi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maarten</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Voors</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erwin</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bulte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022343314531264</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Peace Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="455" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.02,500.60,324.29,9.86;44,60.02,511.60,312.01,9.86;44,60.02,522.60,312.27,10.11;44,60.02,533.60,144.91,9.86" xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Violent conflict and Behavior: a Field experiment in Burundi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maarten</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Voors</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Philip</forename><surname>Eleonora E. M. Nillesen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Erwin</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Verwimp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daan</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bulte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Van Soest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1257/aer.102.2.941</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="941" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.02,544.60,323.98,9.86;44,60.02,555.60,312.01,10.11;44,60.02,566.60,62.54,9.86" xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">resources and the information Problem in rebel recruitment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeremy</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Weinstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0022002705277802</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Conflict Resolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="598" to="624" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="44,48.02,577.60,324.28,9.86" xml:id="b74">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Winter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Stephanie</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clare</forename><surname>Goins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="45,81.00,60.98,311.95,9.73;45,81.00,71.60,200.03,10.11" xml:id="b75">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Survival and Resilience in War Zones: The Psychological Impact of War in Sierra Leone and Beyond. london, UK: routledge</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Trauma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="45,69.00,82.60,324.01,9.86;45,81.01,93.60,311.97,10.11;45,81.01,104.60,57.54,9.86;45,69.01,115.60,324.03,9.86;45,81.01,126.60,312.30,10.11;45,81.01,137.60,141.70,9.86" xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">conflict-related sexual Violence and the Policy implications of recent research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elisabeth</forename><surname>Wood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1177/0032329208329755</idno>
		<idno>doi: 10.1017/s1816383115000077</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">International Review of the Red Cross</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="457" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Politics &amp; Society</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="45,69.01,148.60,323.99,9.86;45,81.01,159.60,311.99,10.11;45,81.01,170.60,312.01,10.11;45,81.02,181.60,312.17,9.86;45,81.02,192.60,188.00,9.86" xml:id="b77">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">social capital: implications for Development Theory, research, and Policy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Woolcock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Deepa Narayan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/961231468336675195/social-capital-implications-for-development-theory-research-and-policy" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000-12-07" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="225" to="274" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>World Bank Research Observer 15</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="45,69.02,203.60,323.98,9.86;45,81.02,214.60,311.98,10.11;45,81.02,225.60,47.54,9.86" xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">sierra leone: The Political economy of civil War, 1991-98</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Zack-Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="DOI">10.1080/01436599913965</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Third World Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
