<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Looking the other way: The role of gaze direction in the cross-race memory effect</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2010-01-04">Available online 4 January 2010</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Reginald</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">The Pennsylvania State University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>544 Moore Building</addrLine>
									<postCode>16802-3103</postCode>
									<settlement>University Park</settlement>
									<region>PA</region>
									<country key="US">United States</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kristin</forename><surname>Pauker</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Stanford University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Building 420</addrLine>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">Jordan Hall</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>94305</postCode>
									<settlement>Stanford</settlement>
									<region>CA</region>
									<country key="US">United States</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Max</forename><surname>Weisbuch</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Psychology Department</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Tufts University</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>490 Boston Avenue</addrLine>
									<postCode>02155</postCode>
									<settlement>Medford</settlement>
									<region>MA</region>
									<country key="US">United States</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Looking the other way: The role of gaze direction in the cross-race memory effect</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2010-01-04">Available online 4 January 2010</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.jesp.2009.12.016</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 5 January 2009 Revised 5 December 2009</note>
					<note>FlashReport a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:52+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Intergroup process Eye gaze Face memory Person perception Out-group homogeneity</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>One of the most replicable findings reported in the social psychological literature is the cross-race memory effect. We argue this effect derives from higher-order interactions among social cues that determine the perceived relevance of a face to an observer. The current research tested this hypothesis by examining the combined influences of eye gaze direction and race on face memory. The physical subtlety of eye gaze belies its powerful influence on social perception, and in this case helps specify the relevance of sameversus other-race faces. We found that only in faces making direct eye contact-not those displaying averted eye gaze-was the cross-race memory effect evident. Likewise, only in same-race faces did direct relative to averted-gaze enhance face memory. These findings have implications for our general understanding of the combinatorial nature of social perception and help clarify the underlying cause of the cross-race memory effect.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>The proportionally large size of the human brain is sometimes explained as a consequence of social memory requirements (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,87.25,467.82,53.45,7.53" target="#b12">Dunbar, 1992</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,151.60,467.82,16.77,7.53" target="#b13">Dunbar, , 1995</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,179.32,467.82,15.99,7.53" target="#b14">Dunbar, , 1998</ref>. To keep track of relatively large social networks, people possess an extraordinary ability to remember faces. By the same token, social memory cannot be entirely indiscriminate; for example, it is more important to remember the identity of a spouse than a cashier. Generally, people should better remember those whose actions are likely to be relevant to their own wellbeing <ref type="bibr" coords="1,226.76,530.58,56.99,7.53;1,32.71,541.07,21.81,7.53" target="#b38">(Maner et al., 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,58.50,541.07,122.55,7.53" target="#b41">Mealey, Daood, &amp; Krage, 1996;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,185.09,541.07,42.85,7.53" target="#b44">Oda, 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="1,231.98,541.07,47.78,7.53" target="#b47">Rodin, 1987)</ref>. Such a functional account has been invoked to explain several biases in face memory, including those favoring same-race faces (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="1,54.20,572.43,210.78,7.53" target="#b52">Shriver, Young, Hugenberg, Bernstein, &amp; Lanter, 2008)</ref>. Indeed, the cross-race effect (CRE) in memory is well chronicled (cf. <ref type="bibr" coords="1,49.38,593.35,110.58,7.53" target="#b42">Meissner &amp; Brigham, 2001)</ref> and is often cited to explain alarming racial inequities in faulty eyewitness testimony <ref type="bibr" coords="1,260.31,603.84,19.53,7.53;1,32.71,614.27,76.37,7.53">(Innocence Project, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>If the CRE stems from the perceived relevance of ingroup faces, non-race facial cues that influence perceived relevance, such as eye contact, should impact the presence or absence of the CRE. Extending the functional approach in this way assumes that the combined processing of social cues is adaptive, facilitating the detection of self-relevant information signaled by the face <ref type="bibr" coords="1,32.71,687.52,182.53,7.53">(Adams, Franklin, Stevenson, &amp; Nelson, in press</ref>). Facial cues can signal sexual opportunities <ref type="bibr" coords="1,408.29,426.00,87.70,7.53" target="#b48">(Rule &amp; Ambady, 2008)</ref>, shared social categories <ref type="bibr" coords="1,345.25,436.49,164.23,7.53" target="#b49">(Rule, Ambady, Adams, &amp; Macrae, 2007)</ref>, potential health of shared offspring <ref type="bibr" coords="1,403.64,446.92,125.79,7.53" target="#b37">(Maner, Gailliot, &amp; DeWall, 2007)</ref>, possibility for affiliation <ref type="bibr" coords="1,383.72,457.41,127.26,7.53" target="#b40">(Mason, Tatkow, &amp; Macrae, 2005)</ref>, the presence of environmental danger and its source <ref type="bibr" coords="1,487.01,467.84,65.76,7.53;1,301.69,478.33,19.77,7.53" target="#b3">(Adams &amp; Kleck, 2005)</ref>, and so on. Same-race, attractive, angry, and direct-gaze faces can all be considered relevant to the self. The perceived relevance of these cues in combination, however, will vary across individuals. For example, should we expect an attractive woman with direct gaze to be perceived similarly by both heterosexual men and women? Research suggests not <ref type="bibr" coords="1,469.71,530.61,79.05,7.53" target="#b40">(Mason et al., 2005)</ref>. Similarly, fearful relative to happy faces only seem to elicit negative affect when displayed by someone of the same race as the perceiver <ref type="bibr" coords="1,340.68,562.02,111.23,7.53" target="#b59">(Weisbuch &amp; Ambady, 2008)</ref>. In other words, evaluations of faces appear to derive from the integrated meaning of the face and its relational value to the perceiver rather than to particular cues in isolation. Here we examine the influence on memory of two facial cues that have independently received extensive empirical attention: race and eye gaze.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Cross-race memory</head><p>Over one hundred studies spanning four decades document a surprisingly replicable out-group homogeneity effect in face memory, the so-called ''cross-race" effect (CRE). In a recent meta-analytic review, it was reported that the probability of accurate cross-race identification was less than half that of same-race identification <ref type="bibr" coords="1,337.61,710.96,99.04,7.53" target="#b42">(Meissner &amp; Brigham, 2001</ref>). An enduring explanation for this effect is that of perceptual expertise, which has been demon-  in some studies by showing that increased contact with other racial groups is related to decreased CRE (e.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="2,239.64,78.39,50.07,7.53;2,42.52,88.88,52.20,7.53" target="#b8">Chiroro &amp; Valentine, 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,99.15,88.88,108.49,7.53" target="#b10">Cross, Cross, &amp; Daly, 1971;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,212.06,88.88,81.51,7.53;2,42.52,99.31,21.99,7.53" target="#b18">Feinman &amp; Entwisle, 1976;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,67.92,99.31,99.18,7.53" target="#b26">Hancock &amp; Rhodes, 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,170.46,99.31,118.65,7.53;2,42.52,109.80,110.08,7.53" target="#b50">Sangrigoli, Pallier, Argenti, Ventureyra, &amp; de Schonen, 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,155.17,109.80,90.29,7.53" target="#b57">Valentine &amp; Endo, 1992)</ref>. In their review, however, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,107.60,120.23,120.71,7.53" target="#b42">Meissner and Brigham (2001)</ref> found that the variance accounted for by interpersonal contact in the CRE was virtually negligible. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,108.34,151.64,89.34,7.53">Malpass (2001, 2003)</ref> offered an alternative mechanism linking cross-race memory to social categorization. They found that identical racially ambiguous faces were differentially encoded and remembered based on perceived racial categories determined by the application of race prototypical hairstyles. More recent studies have revealed comparable effects, whereby participants exhibit diminished memory for own-race faces believed to belong to salient outgroups (i.e., University affiliation; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,85.10,235.33,143.17,7.53" target="#b5">Bernstein, Young, &amp; Hugenberg, 2007</ref>; sexual orientation; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,63.84,245.82,66.39,7.53" target="#b49">Rule et al., 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,133.63,245.82,20.86,7.53">class;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,157.83,245.82,74.71,7.53" target="#b52">Shriver et al., 2008)</ref>, and improved memory for out-group faces with increased motivation to individuate these faces <ref type="bibr" coords="2,119.17,266.74,145.45,7.53" target="#b28">(Hugenberg, Miller, &amp; Claypool, 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,267.70,266.74,25.90,7.53;2,42.52,277.17,46.71,7.53" target="#b45">Pauker et al., 2009)</ref>. Such findings point to the powerful role of perceived social relevance in the CRE.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Eye contact and social perception</head><p>Of the many facial cues that signal social relevance, none may be more powerful than eye gaze. Direct-gaze signals an increased likelihood for social engagement <ref type="bibr" coords="2,205.96,355.64,47.79,7.53" target="#b6">(Cary, 1978;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,257.49,355.64,36.13,7.53;2,42.52,366.07,55.04,7.53" target="#b15">Ellsworth &amp; Ross, 1975;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,101.82,366.07,55.01,7.53" target="#b25">Grumet, 1999)</ref>, captures attention (see <ref type="bibr" coords="2,260.04,366.07,33.57,7.53;2,42.51,376.56,92.61,7.53" target="#b19">Frischen, Bayliss, &amp; Tipper, 2007</ref> for review), is associated with greater galvanic skin response <ref type="bibr" coords="2,139.11,387.00,114.13,7.53" target="#b43">(Nichols &amp; Champness, 1971</ref>), greater EEG arousal <ref type="bibr" coords="2,91.21,397.48,154.81,7.53" target="#b20">(Gale, Kingsley, Brookes, &amp; Smith, 1978;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,249.08,397.48,44.51,7.53;2,42.51,407.97,104.02,7.53" target="#b21">Gale, Lucas, Nissim, &amp; Harpham, 1972;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,150.28,407.97,143.32,7.53;2,42.51,418.41,19.92,7.53" target="#b22">Gale, Spratt, Chapman, &amp; Smallbone, 1975)</ref>, increased heart rate <ref type="bibr" coords="2,156.29,418.41,98.90,7.53" target="#b31">(Kleinke &amp; Pohlen, 1971)</ref>, and increased amygdala responsivity in the perceiver <ref type="bibr" coords="2,246.83,428.90,46.77,7.53;2,42.51,439.33,45.16,7.53" target="#b30">(Kawashima et al., 1999)</ref>. Humans are sensitive to eye gaze from birth (Farroni, Csibra, Simion, &amp; Johnson, 2002) and cross-species evidence reveals this sensitivity is not unique to humans <ref type="bibr" coords="2,238.44,460.25,55.14,7.53" target="#b16">(Emery, 2000)</ref> suggesting that it may be innately prepared.</p><p>It is perhaps not surprising then that faces with direct gaze are found more easily in an array (Von <ref type="bibr" coords="2,182.65,491.66,91.91,7.53" target="#b58">Grünau &amp; Anston, 1995)</ref>, are more quickly categorized by perceivers <ref type="bibr" coords="2,205.56,502.09,88.04,7.53;2,42.51,512.58,83.78,7.53" target="#b36">(Macrae, Hood, Milne, Rowe, &amp; Mason, 2002)</ref>, are more likely to elicit affiliative feelings <ref type="bibr" coords="2,42.51,523.02,75.96,7.53" target="#b40">(Mason et al., 2005)</ref>, and, critically, are better remembered than faces exhibiting averted gaze <ref type="bibr" coords="2,156.92,533.50,136.67,7.53;2,42.51,543.94,21.81,7.53" target="#b27">(Hood, Macrae, Cole-Davies, &amp; Dias, 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,69.21,543.94,125.66,7.53" target="#b39">Mason, Hood, &amp; Macrae, 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="2,199.77,543.94,93.80,7.53;2,42.51,554.43,19.84,7.53" target="#b53">Smith, Hood, &amp; Hector, 2006)</ref>. The direct-gaze bias in face memory is apparent in both children and adults, and exerts its influence at both the encoding and retrieval phase of face memory <ref type="bibr" coords="2,183.72,575.35,70.54,7.53" target="#b27">(Hood et al., 2003)</ref>. In short, perceivers are extremely sensitive to direct gaze as a signal of social relevance.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The current work</head><p>In every study on the CRE that we could locate, stimulus faces were displayed with direct gaze. Given the functional approach detailed here, we expect that only when paired with direct gaze will the CRE be apparent. In the current study, White participants studied Black and White faces displaying either direct or averted gaze. If faces are prioritized for memory based on independent influences of social cues, we would expect to find only main effects, the CRE and direct-gaze memory biases previously reported in the literature. However, if faces are prioritized for memory on the basis of integrated social relevance, as predicted here, such main effects should be qualified by an interaction.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Participants</head><p>Sixty-five White undergraduates were recruited in exchange for partial course credit or payment; six expressed suspicion during debriefing concerning the gaze direction manipulation and thus were dropped from the analysis, leaving a total of 59 participants (40 female, 19 male).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Facial stimuli</head><p>Neutral displays of 40 White and 40 Black males were obtained from the NIMSTIM face set <ref type="bibr" coords="2,418.04,207.38,102.37,7.53">(Tottenham et al., in press)</ref>, the Montreal Set of Facial Displays of Emotion <ref type="bibr" coords="2,467.81,217.87,90.76,7.53" target="#b4">(Beaupré &amp; Hess, 2005)</ref>, and a set developed by <ref type="bibr" coords="2,402.85,228.30,98.01,7.53" target="#b7">Chiao and Ambady (2001)</ref>. Gaze direction was manipulated using Adobe Photoshop Ò , resulting in 80 laterally averted-gaze and 80 direct-gaze images. Images were grayscale, presented against a gray background, cropped to display head and hair only, and presented in a uniform size of 3.5 Â 4.9 in.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Procedure</head><p>Participants were seated approximately 24 in. from a computer monitor and presented with facial images using Superlab Ò -their task was simply to remember each face presented. Participants were randomly assigned to see direct-gaze (n = 27) or averted-gaze (n = 32) faces. In the learning phase, participants viewed 20 Black faces and 20 White faces for 3.2-s each. Each trial began with a 790-ms fixation point that was immediately replaced by a 10-ms blank screen preceding stimulus onset. Upon completion of the learning phase, participants were given a distracter task (word search) for 5 min. Participants were then presented with the same 40 faces randomly intermixed with 40 new foil faces (faces used as targets and foils were counterbalanced across participants). Participants were instructed to indicate as quickly and accurately as possible whether or not they had seen each face before, after which the next stimulus face was presented.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Data transformation</head><p>We used a signal detection measure of sensitivity (d 0 ) as our index of recognition performance. Hits and false alarms from the face recognition task were combined into d 0 scores, where d 0 is equivalent to z-score for hits minus z-score for false-alarms. In cases where the proportion of hits or false alarms equals zero or one, d 0 cannot be calculated due to an inability to calculate a z-score for these values. Thus, we calculated corrected proportions based on the number of signal or noise trials (n = 40; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,493.06,601.44,65.15,7.53;2,311.53,611.93,37.73,7.53" target="#b54">Stanislaw &amp; Todorov, 1999)</ref>. When the proportion of hits or false alarms equaled zero, the value was recoded as 0.5/n, and when the proportion of hits or false alarms equaled one, the value was recoded as 1 À (0.5/n). Finally, we calculated a measure of each participant's response bias criterion (c; <ref type="bibr" coords="2,414.87,653.77,112.98,7.53" target="#b35">Macmillan &amp; Creelman, 1990)</ref>. For the ideal observer c = 0; when the observer adopts a more liberal strategy c is negative, and when the observer adopts a more conservative strategy c is positive.</p><p>Preliminary analyses revealed no reliable main effects or interactions as a function of participant gender, so analyses were collapsed across this variable. d 0 Scores were then used to compute a 2 (target race: Black or White) Â 2 (eye-gaze: direct or averted) mixed-model ANOVA. From this, a main effect of race was found, thereby replicating the CRE: same-race faces were better remembered than other-race faces, F(1, 57) = 18.69, p &lt; .0001, partial g 2 = .25. A main effect of gaze was also found, thereby replicating the previously reported gaze effect: direct-gaze faces were better remembered than averted, F(1, 57) = 4.33, p = .042, partial g 2 = .07. Critically, these effects were qualified by the interaction of interest, F(1, 57) = 4.79, p = .033, partial g 2 = .08.</p><p>In order to examine the nature of this target race by eye-gaze interaction more closely, direct contrasts were computed. These revealed that direct-gaze/own-race faces were remembered significantly better than all other conditions including: (1) direct-gaze/ other-race faces, t(26) = 4.39, p &lt; .0002, d = 1.72; (2) avertedgaze/own-race faces, t(57) = 2.81, p &lt; .01, d = .74; and (3) avertedgaze/other-race faces, t(57) = 4.12, p &lt; 0.0005, d = 1.09. No other comparisons for recognition accuracy yielded significant results. In addition, main effects were found for both false alarm rates and response bias (c) including for target race (Fs(1, 57) &gt; 19.35, ps &lt; .0001, partial g 2 s &gt; .25) and eye-gaze (Fs(1, 57) &gt; 4.20, ps &lt; .05, partial g 2 s &gt; .06), such that participants displayed more false alarms and more liberal criterions (tended to say yes more) to both averted-versus direct-gaze faces and to Black versus White faces (see <ref type="table" coords="3,72.05,413.16,27.73,7.53" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> for d 0 , hits, false alarms, and c means).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>As previously documented, the current study revealed main effects of both gaze and race on recognition accuracy in face memory. Critically, these effects were qualified by the predicted interactive influence of race and gaze. Same-race faces were better remembered than other-race faces, but only when exhibiting direct eye gaze. Likewise, direct-gaze faces were better remembered than averted, but only when displayed on same-race faces. Thus, low-level perceptual expertise in face processing and exogenously mediated visual attention (i.e., direct-gaze attention capture; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,254.10,549.12,29.69,7.53;3,32.72,559.61,60.59,7.53">Senju &amp; Hasagewa, 2005</ref>, and averted-gaze attention shift; <ref type="bibr" coords="3,234.37,559.61,49.39,7.53;3,32.72,570.10,22.03,7.53" target="#b11">Driver et al., 1999)</ref> are insufficient to explain these results. The current findings suggest that the meaning of facial cues are integrated or bound with respect to their adaptive relevance. This insight is consistent with the ecological approach to visual and social perception <ref type="bibr" coords="3,264.35,601.46,15.55,7.53;3,32.72,611.94,35.29,7.53" target="#b23">(Gibson, 1979</ref>; see also <ref type="bibr" coords="3,107.50,611.94,62.48,7.53" target="#b60">Zebrowitz, 2006)</ref>.</p><p>It is also important to note that we utilized photographs of faces in this study, which can introduce qualities such as lighting and perspective factors that do not directly represent live faces and can contribute to picture-matching strategies in memory. Although picture-matching can influence memory independent of face processing per se, such influences are necessarily unrelated to those of social cues signaled by the face, as examined here. Moreover, neither picture presentation (pictures versus live faces) nor similarity of pictures at learning versus test phase (identical versus different) has been previously found to moderate cross-race discrimination accuracy <ref type="bibr" coords="3,127.90,726.99,107.43,7.53" target="#b42">(Meissner &amp; Brigham, 2001)</ref>. Given that we presented the same pictures during learning and testing, however, does limit the conclusions we can draw regarding the influ-ence of social cues at encoding versus retrieval. Our hypotheses, however, were not contingent on stages of processing, and thus such important questions await future research efforts.</p><p>Two previous studies examined the combined influences of race and gaze . These studies found that for White participants, Black relative to White faces generated more amygdala responsivity and selectively captured attention to a greater degree. Like the current study, however, this effect was only evident for faces coupled with direct relative to averted gaze. They argued that direct gaze compounded the threatening approachoriented signal value of Black faces, and that the perceived threat was more clearly directed at the observer (see also <ref type="bibr" coords="3,494.65,319.04,58.15,7.53;3,301.73,329.53,16.63,7.53" target="#b2">Adams &amp; Kleck, 2003</ref> for similar rationale)-this explanation is quite consistent with the current functional approach outlined here. Also related is research demonstrating that White participants' memory for Black versus White faces increases when coupled with angry versus neutral displays, an effect that was argued to be due as well to the functional value of perceiving compound threat cues <ref type="bibr" coords="3,525.02,381.81,23.81,7.53;3,301.73,392.29,60.00,7.53" target="#b0">(Ackerman et al., 2006</ref>; but see <ref type="bibr" coords="3,398.95,392.29,139.81,7.53" target="#b9">Corneille, Hugenberg, &amp; Potter, 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Perhaps the most striking finding of the current work is that such a subtle cue-irises shifted only millimeters to the left or right-was enough to eliminate the otherwise robust and highly replicable CRE in memory. It is plausible that early categorization of a face gates the perceptual processes devoted to it, thereby resulting in direct-gaze facilitating an exclusive process of individuation for own-race faces. This finding is consistent with recent work on race perception (e.g., MacLin &amp; MacLin, in press) suggesting that early racial categorization of faces influences not just the level of processing but the type of processing engaged. Also consistent with this view is evidence that activation in the fusiform gyrus -critical for face processing -is not only greater when viewing direct versus averted-gaze faces, but also differentially coupled with activation in other brain regions <ref type="bibr" coords="3,429.67,538.75,119.11,7.53" target="#b24">(George, Driver, &amp; Dolan, 2001)</ref>. When viewing direct-gaze faces, fusiform activation was found to be correlated with amygdala responses, reflecting stimulus salience; however, when viewing averted-gaze faces, it was correlated with activity in the intraparietal sulcus, essential for gaze following. Future research efforts are obviously necessary to understand the exact nature of these mechanisms. It is clear from the current work, however, that only by examining such cues in combination will the cross-race and direct-gaze memory biases be fully understood. As such, the current work provides a new context for evaluating previously reported cross-race and direct-gaze memory biases, and offers a framework for future investigation that will likely illuminate more general processes by which perceivers bind adaptive meaning across facial cues. Note: Larger d 0 indicates greater recognition performance. c &lt; 0 indicates a more liberal criterion, c &gt; 0 indicates a more conservative criterion <ref type="bibr" coords="3,471.87,156.38,80.89,6.03;3,32.72,164.94,15.95,6.03" target="#b35">(Macmillan and Creelman, 1990)</ref>. Standard deviations appear in parentheses.</p><p>search Service Award from the National Institute of Mental Health (F32MH078350) to M.W. The authors would like to thank Nalini Ambady and Katharine Donnelly Adams for helpful comments on an earlier draft.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="2,42.52,67.96,26.49,7.53"><head>strated</head><label></label><figDesc></figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="1,32.71,740.49,217.71,14.59"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>0022-1031/$ -see front matter Ó 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. doi:10.1016/j.jesp.2009.12.016</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="3,32.71,67.94,511.52,80.21"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Mean recognition memory, hit rates, false alarm rates, and criterion scores, for White and Black faces as a function of averted-and direct-gaze.</figDesc><table coords="3,41.19,90.84,503.04,57.30">Averted-gaze 
Direct-gaze 

White faces 
Black faces 
White faces 
Black faces 

d 0 (recognition memory) 
1.27 (.561) 
1.11 (.479) 
1.7 (.62) 
1.22 (.642) 
Hit rate 
0.638 (.151) 
0.698 (.150) 
0.651 (.152) 
0.648 (.179) 
False alarm rate 
0.213 (.112) 
0.309 (.126) 
0.136 (.131) 
0.246 (.145) 
c (response bias criterion) 
0.246 (.360) 
À0.02 (.353) 
0.421 (.453) 
0.160 (.448) 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">R.B. Adams et al. / Journal of Experimental Social Psychology 46 (2010) 478-481</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>This work was partially supported by a Social Science Research Institute research grant, The Pennsylvania State University and a National Science Foundation research Grant (0544533) to the R.B.A., Jr., a Jacob K. Javits Fellowship to K.P., and a National Re-</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,140.85,251.03,6.03;4,54.48,148.84,239.09,6.03;4,54.48,156.78,239.09,6.03;4,54.48,164.77,63.66,6.03" xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">They all look the same to me (unless they&apos;re angry): From out-group homogeneity to out-group heterogeneity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ackerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Shapiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Neuberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Kenrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Griskevicius</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="836" to="884" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,172.77,251.06,6.03;4,54.48,180.71,239.07,6.03;4,54.48,188.70,239.11,6.03;4,54.48,196.64,17.16,6.03" xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Compound social cues in face processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Franklin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Stevenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>R. B. Adams, Jr., N. Ambady, K. Nakayama, &amp; S. Shimojo</editor>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The science of social vision</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,204.64,251.05,6.03;4,54.48,212.63,186.00,6.03" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Perceived gaze direction and the processing of facial displays of emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Kleck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="644" to="647" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,220.57,251.04,6.03;4,54.48,228.57,194.28,6.03" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The effects of direct and averted gaze on the perception of facially communicated emotion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Kleck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emotion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,236.50,251.02,6.03;4,54.48,244.50,193.36,6.03" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cross-cultural emotion recognition among Canadian ethnic groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Beaupré</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Hess</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="355" to="370" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,252.44,251.06,6.03;4,54.48,260.43,239.07,6.03;4,54.48,268.43,142.16,6.03" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cross-category effect: Mere social categorization is sufficient to elicit an own-group bias in face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hugenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="706" to="712" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,276.37,251.02,6.03;4,54.48,284.36,70.24,6.03" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of gaze in the initiation of conversation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Cary</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Psychology Quarterly</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="269" to="271" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,292.30,251.04,6.03;4,54.48,300.30,118.96,6.03" xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Emotional expressions in White, Black, and Asian Faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chiao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Unpublished set of photographs</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,308.29,251.04,6.03;4,54.48,316.23,239.06,6.03;4,54.48,324.23,78.41,6.03" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An investigation of the contact hypothesis of the own-race bias in face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chiroro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Valentine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="879" to="894" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,332.16,251.05,6.03;4,54.49,340.16,239.10,6.03;4,54.49,348.15,239.09,6.03;4,54.49,356.09,140.37,6.03" xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Applying the attractor field model to social cognition: Perceptual discrimination is facilitated, but memory is impaired for faces displaying evaluatively congruent expressions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Corneille</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hugenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Potter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="335" to="352" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,364.09,251.05,6.03;4,54.49,372.03,191.95,6.03" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sex, race, age, and beauty as factors in recognition of faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Cross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cross</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Daly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perception and Psychophysics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="393" to="396" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,380.02,251.07,6.03;4,54.49,387.96,239.10,6.03;4,54.49,395.96,28.14,6.03" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gaze perception triggers reflexive visuospatial orienting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Driver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ricciardelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kidd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Maxwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Baron-Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Visual Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="509" to="540" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,403.95,251.06,6.03;4,54.49,411.89,124.04,6.03" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neocortex size as a constraint on group size in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I M</forename><surname>Dunbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Evolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="469" to="493" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,419.88,251.04,6.03;4,54.49,427.82,160.55,6.03" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neocortex size and group size in primates: A test of the hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I M</forename><surname>Dunbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Human Evolution</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="296" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,435.82,251.06,6.03;4,54.48,443.81,28.22,6.03" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social brain hypothesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">I M</forename><surname>Dunbar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolutionary Anthropology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="178" to="190" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,451.75,251.05,6.03;4,54.48,459.75,133.45,6.03" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intimacy in response to direct gaze</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ellsworth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ross</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="592" to="613" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,467.69,251.05,6.03;4,54.49,475.68,197.10,6.03" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The eyes have it: The neuroethology, function and evolution of social gaze</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Emery</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="581" to="604" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,483.62,251.08,6.03;4,54.49,491.61,239.10,6.03;4,54.49,499.61,35.78,6.03" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eye contact detection in humans from birth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Farroni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Csibra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Simion</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9602" to="9605" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,507.55,251.04,6.03;4,54.49,515.54,116.13,6.03" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Children&apos;s ability to recognize other children&apos;s faces</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Feinman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Entwisle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Child Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="506" to="510" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,523.48,251.04,6.03;4,54.49,531.48,239.10,6.03;4,54.49,539.47,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gaze cueing of attention: Visual attention, social cognition, and individual differences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Frischen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bayliss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tipper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">133</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="694" to="724" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,547.41,251.08,6.03;4,54.49,555.41,239.10,6.03;4,54.49,563.34,102.44,6.03" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cortical arousal and social intimacy in the human female under different conditions of eye contact</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Kingsley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Brookes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavioural Processes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="271" to="275" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,571.34,251.02,6.03;4,54.50,579.28,215.20,6.03" xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Some EEG correlates of face-toface contact</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Lucas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Nissim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Harpham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Social &amp; Clinical Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="332" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,587.27,251.03,6.03;4,54.50,595.27,209.70,6.03" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">EEG correlates of eye contact and interpersonal distance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Spratt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Smallbone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biological Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="237" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="1975" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,603.21,251.06,6.03;4,54.50,611.21,21.81,6.03" xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The ecological approach to visual perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
			<publisher>Houghton-Mifflin</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Boston</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.54,619.05,251.02,6.12;4,54.48,627.05,239.06,6.03;4,54.48,635.04,85.46,6.03" xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seen gaze-direction modulates fusiform activity and its coupling with other brain areas during face processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Driver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dolan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">NeuroImage</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1102" to="1112" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,642.98,251.03,6.03;4,54.48,650.98,239.06,6.03;4,54.48,658.91,179.81,6.03" xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The nonverbal communication reader: Classic and contemporary readings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Grumet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>L. K. Guerrero &amp; J. A. DeVito</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Waveland Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="48" to="89" />
			<pubPlace>Prospect Heights, IL</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Kinesic cues: The body, eyes, and face</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.52,666.91,251.04,6.03;4,54.48,674.85,197.48,6.03" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Contact, configural coding and the other-race effect in face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hancock</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rhodes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">British Journal of Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,682.84,251.04,6.03;4,54.49,690.84,239.07,6.03;4,54.49,698.78,97.81,6.03" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eye remember you: The effects of gaze direction on face recognition in children and adults</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Macrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Cole-Davies</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Dias</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,42.53,706.77,251.08,6.03;4,54.49,714.71,239.09,6.03;4,54.49,722.71,163.88,6.03" xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Categorization and individuation in the cross-race recognition deficit: Toward a solution to an insidious problem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hugenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Claypool</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="334" to="340" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,67.95,251.02,6.03;4,323.49,75.95,211.03,6.03" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">200 Exonerated, too many wrongfully convicted</title>
		<ptr target="&lt;http://www.innocenceproject.org/news/Newsletters.php&gt;" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Innocence Project, Special Report</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,83.89,251.06,6.03;4,323.49,91.88,239.09,6.03;4,323.49,99.82,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The human amygdala plays an important role in gaze monitoring</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kawashima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sugiura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hatano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ito</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brain</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">122</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="779" to="783" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,107.82,251.04,6.03;4,323.49,115.81,239.09,6.03;4,323.49,123.75,134.46,6.03" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Affective and emotional responses as a function of other person&apos;s gaze and cooperativeness in a two-person game</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Kleinke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Pohlen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality &amp; Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="308" to="313" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,131.75,251.05,6.03;4,323.49,139.68,239.09,6.03;4,323.49,147.68,239.05,6.03;4,323.49,155.68,17.16,6.03" xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The role of racial markers in race perception and racial categorization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Maclin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Maclin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>R. B. Adams, Jr., N. Ambady, K. Nakayama, &amp; S. Shimojo</editor>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The science of social vision</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,163.61,251.02,6.03;4,323.49,171.61,185.03,6.03" xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Racial categorization of faces: The ambiguous race face effect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Maclin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Malpass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology, Public Policy, and Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="98" to="118" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,179.55,251.06,6.03;4,323.49,187.54,39.12,6.03" xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The ambiguous-race face illusion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Maclin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Malpass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perception</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="249" to="252" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,195.48,251.06,6.03;4,323.50,203.48,239.04,6.03;4,323.50,211.47,68.35,6.03" xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Response bias: Characteristics of detection theory, threshold theory, and &apos;&apos;nonparametric&quot; indexes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Macmillan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Creelman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="401" to="413" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,219.41,251.04,6.03;4,323.50,227.41,239.10,6.03;4,323.50,235.34,28.22,6.03" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Are you looking at me? Eye gaze and person perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Macrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Milne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rowe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="460" to="464" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,243.34,251.05,6.03;4,323.50,251.33,239.10,6.03;4,323.50,259.27,20.65,6.03" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adaptive attentional attunement: Evidence for mating-related perceptual bias</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gailliot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Dewall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,267.27,251.02,6.03;4,323.50,275.21,239.07,6.03;4,323.50,283.20,178.30,6.03" xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sexually selective cognition: Beauty captures the mind of the beholder</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Maner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Kenrick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Delton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hofer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wilbur</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1107" to="1120" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,291.20,251.07,6.03;4,323.50,299.14,132.03,6.03" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Look into my eyes: Gaze direction and person memory</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Macrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Memory</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="637" to="643" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,307.13,251.05,6.03;4,323.50,315.07,162.88,6.03" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The look of love: Gaze shifts and person perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Tatkow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Macrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="236" to="239" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,323.06,251.02,6.03;4,323.50,331.00,118.66,6.03" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enhanced memory for faces of cheaters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mealey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Daood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Krage</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ethology and Sociobiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="128" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,339.00,251.01,6.03;4,323.50,346.99,239.08,6.03;4,323.50,354.93,39.51,6.03" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thirty years of investigating the own-race bias in memory for faces: A meta-analytic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Meissner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Brigham</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychology, Public Policy, and Law</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,362.93,251.02,6.03;4,323.50,370.87,89.63,6.03" xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eye gaze and the GSR</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nichols</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Champness</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="623" to="626" />
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,378.86,251.02,6.03;4,323.50,386.86,104.47,6.03" xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Biased face recognition in the prisoner&apos;s dilemma game</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Oda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Evolution and Human Behavior</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="309" to="315" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,394.79,251.06,6.03;4,323.50,402.79,239.06,6.03;4,323.50,410.73,170.74,6.03" xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Not so Black and White: Memory for ambiguous group members</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Pauker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Weisbuch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sommers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Ivcevic</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="795" to="810" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.54,418.72,251.00,6.03;4,323.51,426.58,239.02,6.12;4,323.49,434.57,68.99,6.03" xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eye-gaze direction modulates race-related amygdala activity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Richeson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Todd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Trawalter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baird</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Group Processes and Intergroup Relations</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="233" to="246" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,442.57,251.00,6.03;4,323.49,450.51,85.49,6.03" xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Who is memorable to whom? A study of cognitive disregard</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rodin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="144" to="165" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,458.50,251.07,6.03;4,323.49,466.44,239.09,6.03;4,323.48,474.44,35.71,6.03" xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brief exposures: Male sexual orientation is perceived at 50 ms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Rule</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1100" to="1105" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,482.43,251.04,6.03;4,323.48,490.37,239.07,6.03;4,323.48,498.36,63.32,6.03" xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Us and them: Memory advantages in perceptually ambiguous groups</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Rule</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Adams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Macrae</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="687" to="692" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,506.30,251.02,6.03;4,323.48,514.30,239.08,6.03;4,323.48,522.24,104.02,6.03" xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reversibility of the other-race effect in face recognition during childhood</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sangrigoli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Pallier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A.-M</forename><surname>Argenti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">A G</forename><surname>Ventureyra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>De Schonen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Psychological Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="440" to="444" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,530.23,251.02,6.03;4,323.48,538.23,70.30,6.03" xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Direct gaze captures visuospatial attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Senju</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hasegawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Visual Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="127" to="144" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,546.17,251.02,6.03;4,323.49,554.16,239.06,6.03;4,323.49,562.10,164.45,6.03" xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Class, race, and the face. Social context modulates the cross-race effect in face recognition</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Shriver</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hugenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bernstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lanter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="260" to="278" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,570.09,251.06,6.03;4,323.49,578.09,239.09,6.03;4,323.48,586.03,28.29,6.03" xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eye remember you two: Gaze direction modulates face recognition in a developmental study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hector</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Developmental Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="465" to="472" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.52,594.02,251.02,6.03;4,323.48,601.96,202.39,6.03" xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Calculation of signal detection theory measures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Stanislaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Todorov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Behavior Research Methods, Instruments, &amp; Computers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="149" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,609.96,251.04,6.03;4,323.49,617.90,239.07,6.03;4,323.49,625.89,126.46,6.03" xml:id="b55">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The NimStim set of facial expressions: Judgments from untrained research participants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Tottenham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Leon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Mccarry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Nurse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hare</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>in press. Psychiatry Research</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,633.89,251.05,6.03;4,323.50,641.82,239.04,6.03;4,323.50,649.82,82.07,6.03" xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attending to threat: Race-based patterns of selective attention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Trawalter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Todd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baird</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Richeson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1322" to="1327" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,657.76,251.02,6.03;4,323.50,665.75,239.06,6.03;4,323.50,673.75,74.36,6.03" xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Towards an exemplar model of face processing: The effects of race and distinctiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Valentine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Endo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="671" to="703" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,681.69,251.06,6.03;4,323.50,689.68,122.26,6.03" xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The detection of gaze direction: A stare-in-thecrowd effect</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Von</forename><surname>Grünau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Anston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Perception</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1297" to="1313" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,697.62,251.06,6.03;4,323.50,705.62,239.03,6.03;4,323.50,713.61,81.92,6.03" xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Automatic responses to others&apos; emotions depend on group membership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Weisbuch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Ambady</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1063" to="1079" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Affective divergence</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="4,311.53,721.55,236.11,6.03" xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Finally, faces find favor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Zebrowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Social Cognition</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="657" to="701" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
