<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="es">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:00+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Journal Pre-proof ¿Es esperable que haya cuadros neurológicos por la pandemia de SARS2-CoV?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>Dr</roleName><forename type="first">Jorge</forename><surname>Matías-Guiu</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ulises</forename><surname>Gomez-Pinedo</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paloma</forename><surname>Montero-Escribano</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Patricia</forename><surname>Gomez</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">-Iglesias</forename><surname>Jesus</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Porta-Etessam</forename><surname>Jordi</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Matias-Guiu</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Journal Pre-proof ¿Es esperable que haya cuadros neurológicos por la pandemia de SARS2-CoV?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.nrl.2020.03.001</idno>
					<note type="submission">Received Date: 27 March 2020 Accepted Date: 31 March 2020</note>
					<note>Please cite this article as: Matías-Guiu J, Gomez-Pinedo U, Montero-Escribano P, Gomez-Iglesias P, Porta-Etessam J, Matias-Guiu JA, ¿Es esperable que haya cuadros neurológicos por la pandemia de SARS2-CoV?, Neurología (2020), This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record. This version will undergo additional copyediting, typesetting and review before it is published in its final form, but we are providing this version to give early visibility of the article. Please note that, during the production process, errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="es">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>coronaviruses enter the CNS, particularly those related with the immune response. This may explain the presence of coronavirus in patients with multiple sclerosis. We review the specific characteristics of SARS-CoV-2 and address the question of whether the high number of cases may be associated with greater CNS involvement. Conclusion. Although neurological symptoms are not frequent in coronavirus epidemics, the high number of patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection may explain the presence of the virus in the CNS and increase the likelihood of early-or delayedonset neurological symptoms. Follow-up of patients affected by the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic should include careful assessment of the CNS.</p><p>Keywords: Coronavirus; SARS-CoV; MERS-CoV; multiple sclerosis; SARS-CoV-2; mouse hepatitis virus; neurological symptoms; CNS Texto. La asociación a coronoravirus que infectaban a humanos estaba asociada a enfermedades menores del sistema respiratorio superior e inferior tanto en niños como adultos. Los cuatro coronavirus humanos endémicos 229E-CoV, NL63-CoV, OC43-CoV y HKU1-CoV han estado considerado entre las causas del resfriado común. Dos de ellos están considerados como αCoV (229E-CoV y NL63-CoV) y dos de ellos como βCoV (OC43-CoV y HKU1-CoV)1 . Dos nuevos coronoravirus, también βCoV (SARS-CoV y MERS-CoV9 se han comportado de forma mucho más agresiva, en forma de epidemias con pacientes que presentaron manifestaciones extrapulmonares e incluso muerte. Así, en 2003, SARS-CoV fue identificado como la causa de un cuadro respiratorio grave que apareció por primera vez en la provincia de Guangdong, China, y más tarde, en 2004, MERS-CoV fue el responsable de una epidemia que tuvo su mayor impacto en la Península Arábica. El 31 de diciembre de 2019, la OMS comunica de casos de neumonía en la ciudad de Wuhan, provincia de Hubei, China, en que se demuestra la presencia de un nuevo CoV , 2019-nCoV (SARS2-CoV), cuya difusión se realiza rápidamente en China y en el resto del mundo y que se encuentra dentro de las características del β-CoV, con una similitud bastante amplia a SARS-CoV . La pandemia por SARS2-CoV está llegando a todo el mundo, con una amplia mortalidad y amplio impacto social que vivimos en la actualidad, y que probablemente acaba afectando a un gran número de personas.</p><p>El sistema nervioso central (SNC) es vulnerable, a los virus, y muchos de ellos acaban llegando al cerebro, como virus del herpes2, los arbovirus3, sarampión4 , influenza y el VIH5 entre otros. Los coronoravirus también pueden actuar sobre el SNC6 <ref type="bibr">,7</ref> , y en consecuencia una pandemia con un número tan alto de afectados podría suponer la aparición de cuadros neurológicos. La presente revisión pretende analizar la información existe sobre la acción de los Coronavirus humanos en el SNC.</p><p>Cuadro neurológicos por coronoravirus.</p><p>Es indudable que los CoV penetran en el SNC. Se han detectado RNA de CoV en el sistema nervioso central de pacientes con diversas enfermedades neurológicas.8 , 9</p><p>y ello ha tenido una traducción clínica en cuadros encefalíticos en niños10 y también se han observado meningitis, y en el síndrome de Guillain-Barré o otras enfermedades de base neuroinmunitaria 11 <ref type="bibr">,12,13,14,15</ref> .Asimismo, se han observados en el contexto de infecciones por CoV16 <ref type="bibr">, 17</ref> . Entre los CoV, OC43-CoV ha sido considerado como un virus con mayor capacidad neuroinvasiva, ya que se ha demostrado que invade, se propaga y persiste dentro del SNC en el ratón, afectando directamente a los neuronas.18 ,19 y se ha descrito que utiliza el transporte axonal para su difusión20 . OC43-CoV tiene la capacidad de inducir degeneración y muerte celular 21</p><p>, <ref type="bibr">22,</ref><ref type="bibr">23</ref> . En el humano, se han detectado este virus en muestras de cerebro humano de pacientes que padecen enfermedades neurológicas, como Alzheimer, enfermedad de Parkinson y esclerosis múltiple, y en sanos. Asimismo, se ha asociado de forma similar a 229E-CoV a la presencia de convulsiones febriles24. Además, OC43-CoV fue detectado en el cerebro de un niño inmunodeficiente que murió de encefalitis25. Ambos virus, OC43-CoV y 229E-CoV tienen la capacidad de entrar en las células de la inmunidad innata26 ,27</p><p>MERS-CoV y SARS-CoV. SARS-CoV y el MERS-CoV pueden causar una infección grave del tracto respiratorio inferior con síndrome de dificultad respiratoria aguda y manifestaciones extrapulmonares, como diarrea, linfopenia, pruebas de función hepática y renal alteradas, y síndrome de disfunción multiorgánica, tanto entre huéspedes inmunocompetentes como inmunocomprometidos con tasas de mortalidad superior al 10%, aunque existen casos asintomáticos28. Ambos virus han sido responsables de dos epidemias con un número alto de personas contagiadas. La presencia de cuadros neurológicos no ha sido alta en los diferentes estudios, aunque todos ellos analizan la fase inicial de la epidemia. Un estudio retrospectivo en Arabia Saudi se encontró que el 25.7% de los pacientes con MERS desarrollaron confusión y el 8.6% experimentó una convulsiones.29 Solo cuatro casos con afectación del sistema nervioso central (encefalomielitis diseminada aguda, accidente cerebrovascular y encefalitis) y un caso con polineuropatía de enfermedad crítica tienen ha sido reportado para pacientes con MERS30 , <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">31</ref> . También se ha descrito la presencia síndrome de Guillain Barre y neuropatía periférica de aparición tardía y en algún paciente se describe el cronograma entre la presencia del cuadro infeccioso y el neurológico 32. Existe un caso descrito asociado a una hemorragia cerebral, en que los autores consideran que el paciente no tenía riesgo de presentar el cuadro por otro origen33. Un estudio in vitro ha observado que MERS-CoV tiene una especial sensibilidad para invadir diversas líneas celulares específicas y halla que entre ellas muestra la capacidad de infectar células neuronales humanas34 . La cuestión de que las complicaciones neurológicas halladas con MERS-CoV son de aparición tardía, la ausencia del virus en el LCR y la presencia de cuadros de síndrome de Guillain Barre, no está aclarado y puede estar relacionada con la respuesta inmune 35. Algunos autores han señalado que la falta de hallazgo del virus en muestras biológicas puede ser debido a cuestiones metodológicas36.Durante el brote por SARS-CoV en 2002-2003, la descripción de cuadros neurológicos fue baja 37 y casos aislados 38. Se pacientes que desarrollaron polineuropatía axonal al mes después del inicio del SARS, que mejoraron en el seguimiento. También hubo pacientes que experimentaron alteraciones neuromusculares 39, como miopatía 40 y rabdomiólisis. SARS fue un cuadro más grave41, de forma que se ha sugerido que estas alteraciones musculares podrían ser debidas más a la situación critica de los pacientes que al propio virus. Se describieron también la presencia de ictus42 , <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">43</ref> .</p><p>Coronavirus y esclerosis múltiple.</p><p>Los CoV han sido propuestos como una hipótesis de asociación ambiental a la Esclerosis múltiple (EM)44. Ello ha sido apoyado por varios argumentos. Se han detectado partículas similares a coronavirus en tejido cerebral autopsiado de un paciente con EM45. CoV se han aislado en el cerebro obtenido en la autopsia de dos pacientes con EM46 y se ha obtenido RNA en el cerebro de otros pacientes 47 . Se ha observado la síntesis intratecal de anticuerpos anti-CoV humanos indicativos de una infección del SNC en pacientes con EM50. Se ha detectado RNA de CoV humanos. Se ha hallado RNA de CoV humanos en el LCR de pacientes con EM51. Desde el punto de vista experimental, se ha demostrado que CoV humanos pueden infectar neuronas, astrocitos y microglia en cultivos primarios52 y también a células gliales humanas inmortalizadas53 .Es interesante, que CoV humanos pueden infectar células de estirpe oligodendrocitaria y oligodendrocios 54. Asimismo, ha reforzado esta hipótesis el hecho que las infecciones de las vías respiratorias superiores de origen viral, que pueden estar relacionadas con CoV humanos son un desencadenante importante de los brotes de EM55 <ref type="bibr">,56</ref> . El virus de la hepatitis de ratón.</p><p>El MHV-CoA es un virus que afecta al ratón57 y no al humano que induce trastornos neurológicos58 <ref type="bibr">,59</ref> , y ello ha posibilitado la creación de un modelo experimental para estudiar el papel de los CoV en el SNC. Las cepas neurotrópicas de MHV pueden invadir el SNC por inoculación intranasal en ratones 60 y también por vía sanguínea y ello se ha observado también en primates61 . El paso por la barrera hematoencefalica se ha relacionado con la la producción de interferón-beta por las células epiteliales de la microcirculación cerebral62. La infección por MHV-CoV desencadena una encefalomielitis aguda asociada con áreas focales de desmielinización y se ha analizado el papel de la respuesta inmune en su evolución63. La activación de la microglia, la descarga de mediadores inflamatorios generarían un microambiente local del SNC que influiría en la replicación viral y lo que puede conducir a la desmielinización64. Es por ello, que la aparición de lesiones desmielinizantes ha sugerido que este modelo podría ser aplicable al conocimiento de la esclerosis múltiple.</p><p>La epidemia de SARS2-CoV y la posibilidad de que el cerebro pueda ser resevorio del virus.</p><p>Aunque se asemeje, el nuevo virus es distinto a SARS-Cov 65, causante de la epidemia actual presenta con diferencias genéticas y estructurales con los anteriores, y forma parte del grupo βCoV . Una de las características de este nuevo virus es que es altamente difundible 66 y en mayor medida que SARS-CoV 67, propagado por gotas, contacto directo y contacto con objetos infectados, y que se propaga también con personas infectadas asintomáticos 68 <ref type="bibr">,69,70</ref> . Aunque existen distintos estudios observacionales que han analizado los síntomas de la enfermedad, la presencia de síntomas neurológicos es baja, salvo cefalea y cuadros vestibulares en estudios observaciones 71 <ref type="bibr">,72,73,74,75,76</ref> y en un estudio específico en pacientes hospitalizados 77, o casos aislados 78 a pesar que algunos autores han señalado de la posibilidad de que el virus pueda afectar al sistema nervioso central como en SARS-CoV en el que el virus se halló en el cerebro de pacientes 79. Algunos datos clínicos parecen apuntar a una características diferenciales como las alteraciones olfatorias, descrita por grupos alemanes por primera vez y la presencia de alucinaciones que no han sido referidas por SARS-CoV ni MERS-CoV. El virus tiene algunas características que han apoyado que tenga una especial sensibilidad hacia el SNC.</p><p>Las principales diferencias estructurales entre entre SARS-CoV y SARS2-CoV está en la proteína de fusión y en las proteínas accesorias orf3b y orf8. El genoma del virus codifica cuatro proteínas estructurales principales, incluidas la espiga (S), la nucleocápside, la membrana y la envoltura que se requieren para formar la partícula viral completa80. Una Gliocoproteína de la proteína S puede ser un desencadenante de enfermedades neurodegenerativa81. Al ingresar a las células huésped, el genoma viral se traduce en dos poliproteínas precursoras grandes, , que se procesan en 16 proteínas no estructurales maduras (nsp1-nsp16) mediante proteinasas virales codificadas por Orf1a, entre otras Estas nsps realizan una función crucial durante la replicación y transcripción del ARN viral82 y Orf3b se ha relacionado con la respuesta inmune83. La subunidad 1 de la proteína de fusión se une también al receptor ACE2 como SARS-CoV, que es el lugar de enlace con el huésped y que ha planteado la posibilidad de crear un modelo experimental para la infección84. Un hecho relevante es que el cerebro tiene una expresión alta de receptores de ACE285, lo que ha sugerido que por esta razón en esta epidemia la penetración del virus al SNC puede ser alta86. Estudios previos demostraron la correlación positiva de la expresión de ACE2 y la infección de SARS-CoV in vitro87. Los virus pueden acceder al SNC, por dos vías, la hematógena, un virus infectará las células endoteliales de la barrera hematoencefálica y la neuronal, aunque también podría diseminarse localmente a través de la placa cribiforme del hueso etmoides Sin embargo, cruzar la barrera hematoencefálica88 es poco probable por el SARS2-CoV debido al tamaño de este virus por lo que es más probable que acceda a través del nervio olfatorio o del trigémino, de manera que la frecuencia de alteraciones olfatorias en la epidemia podría ser un indicación de penetración en el SNC. En el modelo de MHV-CoV, así como el hallazgo de CoV en el cerebro de pacientes puede sugerir que el virus pueda persistir durante períodos prolongados sin ninguna enfermedad neurológica aparente y el cerebro podría ser un reservorio de virus.89</p><p>Conclusión.</p><p>Los CoV son virus que pueden penetrar en el SNC y generar daño, así como mantenerse en el como reservorio. Aunque la presencia de síntomas neurológicos es baja, su existencia puede justificar el paso del virus y la posibilidad de clínica neurológica precoz o tardía con mayor incidencia. En este sentido, los potenciales cuadros neurológicos que podrían hallarse podrían agruparse en los siguientes: 1) Cuadros asociados a las consecuencias del cuadro infeccioso como el ictus isquémico, aunque la presencia de hemorragia cerebral podría asociarse a la acción del virus sobre el receptor de ACE2; 2) Cuadros asociados a enfermedades oportunistas como se ha observado en las otras epidemias, 3) Cuadros neurológicos asociados al paciente crítico, en aquellos que ingresan en las unidades de intensivos, específicamente alteraciones musculares o rabdomiólisis, 4) Cuadros asociados a la invasión del virus en territorios neurógenos o musculares como las alteraciones olfatorias (olfato y gusto) o miositis, 5) cuadros no clasificables todavía debido a la falta de información como son las alucinaciones. El seguimiento de los pacientes de la epidemia debe atender con cuidado a la evaluación del SNC, tanto desde el punto de vista clínico como pronostico. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>DJ, Desforges M, St-Jean JR, Talbot PJ. 2009. A human coronavirus OC43 variant harboring persistence-associated mutations in the S glycoprotein differentially induces the unfolded protein response in human neurons as compared to wild-type virus. Virology 395:255-267. doi:10.1016/j.virol.2009.09.026. 22 Favreau DJ, Meessen-Pinard M, Desforges M, Talbot PJ. 2012. Human coronavirus-induced neuronal programmed cell death is cyclophilin D dependent and potentially caspase dispensable. J Virol 86:81-93. doi:10.1128/JVI.06062-11 23 Meessen-Pinard M, Le Coupanec A, Desforges M, Talbot PJ. Pivotal Role of Receptor-Interacting Protein Kinase 1 and Mixed Lineage Kinase Domain-Like in Neuronal Cell Death Induced by the Human Neuroinvasive Coronavirus OC43.J Virol. 2016 ;91. doi: 10.1128/JVI.01513-1 24 Harman KB, Calik M, Karal Y, Isikay S, Kocak O, Ozcelik A, et al.Viral etiological causes of febrile seizures for respiratory pathogens (EFES Study).Hum Vaccin Immunother. 2019;15:496-502. doi: 10.1080/21645515.2018.1526588. E 25 Morfopoulou S, Brown JR, Davies EG, Anderson G, Virasami A, Qasim W, et al.Human coronavirus OC43 associated with fatal encephalitis. N Engl J Med 2016:375:497-498. doi:10.1056/NEJMc1509458. 26 Collins A R. Human macrophages are susceptible to coronavirus OC43. Adv Exp Med Biol. 1998;440:635-639 27 Patterson S, Macnaughton M R. Replication of human respiratory coronavirus strain 229E in human macrophages. J Gen Virol. 1982;60:307-314. 28 WHO Mers-Cov Research Group. State of knowledge and data gaps of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) in humans. PLoS Curr. 2013;5:pii: ecurrents.outbreaks.0bf719e352e7478f8ad85fa30127ddb8 29 Saad M, Omrani AS, Baig K, Bahloul A, Elzein F, Matin MA, et al. Clinical aspects and outcomes of 70 patients with Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus infection: a single-center experience in Saudi Arabia. Int J Infect Dis. 2014;29:301- 306.</figDesc></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="18">Jacomy H, Talbot PJ. 2003. Vacuolating encephalitis in mice infected by human coronavirus OC43. Virology 315:20-33. doi:10.1016/S0042-6822(03)00323-4 19 Jacomy H, Fragoso G, Almazan G, Mushynski WE, Talbot PJ. 2006. Human coronavirus OC43 infection induces chronic encephalitis leading to disabilities in BALB/C mice. Virology 349:335-346. doi:10.1016/j.virol.2006.01.049</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The comorbidity of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders and Alzheimer&apos;s disease: a foreseeable medical challenge in post-HAART era</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Ikezu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/s11481-008-9136-0</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neuroimmune Pharmacol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="200" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effects on synaptic activity in cultured hippocampal neurons by influenza A viral proteins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Brask</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Chauhan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Ljunggren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kristensson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1080/13550280500186916</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neurovirol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395" to="402" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of measles virus nucleoprotein mRNA in autopsied brain tissues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Katayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hotta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Nishimura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Tatsuno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Homma</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gen Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3201" to="3204" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The comorbidity of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders and Alzheimer&apos;s disease: a foreseeable medical challenge in post-HAART era</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Ikezu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/s11481-008-9136-0</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neuroimmune Pharmacol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="200" to="212" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human coronaviruses: viral and cellular factors involved in neuroinvasiveness and neuropathogenesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Desforges</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Le</forename><surname>Coupanec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Stodola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Meessen-Pinard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">194</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="145" to="158" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Neurologic Alterations Due to Respiratory Virus Infections Front Cell Neurosci</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bohmwald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nms</forename><surname>Gálvez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ríos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kalergis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.3389/fncel.2018.00386</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">386</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neuroinvasion by human respiratory coronaviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Arbour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Newcombe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8913" to="8921" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cerebrospinal fluid antibodies to coronavirus in patients with Parkinson&apos;s disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Fazzini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Fahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mov Disord</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronavirus Infections in the Central Nervous System and Respiratory Tract Show Distinct Features in Hospitalized Children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Fan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Cao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1159/000453066</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Intervirology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="169" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of coronavirus in the central nervous system of a child with acute disseminated encephalomyelitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Yeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Duffner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Faden</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatrics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Possible central nervous system infection by SARS coronavirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Yu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Sheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yuen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.3201/eid1002.030638</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg. Infect. Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="342" to="344" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A rare cause of acute flaccid paralysis: Human coronaviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Turgay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Emine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ozlem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Muhammet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Haydar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.4103/1817-1745.165716</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Pediatr. Neurosci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="280" to="281" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Guillain-Barre syndrome with unilateral peripheral facial and bulbar palsy in a child: A case report</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tengsupakul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Phaltas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Maertens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1177/2050313X19838750</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">SAGE Open Med. Case Rep</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2019" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neurological Complications of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus: A Report of Two Cases and Review of the Literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Algahtani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Subahi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Shirah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1155/2016/3502683</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Case Rep. Neurol. Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">3502683</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of coronavirus in the central nervous system of a child with acute disseminated encephalomyelitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Yeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Collins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Duffner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Faden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1542/peds.113.1.e73</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatrics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Illuminating viral infections in the nervous system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Mcgavern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1038/nri2971</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Rev Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Severe neurologic syndrome associated with Middle East respiratory syndrome corona virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Arabi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Harthi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hussein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bouchama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Johani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Hajeer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MERS-CoV) Infection</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="495" to="501" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neurological complications of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus: a report of two cases and review of the literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Algahtani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Subahi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Shirah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Case Rep Neurol Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">3502683</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Heo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Ahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Spontaneous intracranial hemorrhage in a patient with Middle East respiratory syndrome corona virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Al-Hameed</forename><surname>Fm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.15537/smj.2017.2.16255</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Saudi Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="196" to="200" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differential cell line susceptibility to the emerging novel human betacoronavirus 2c EMC/2012: implications for disease pathogenesis and clinical manifestation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>To</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Cai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">207</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1743" to="1752" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus-induced autoimmune reactions in the CNS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Arnold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Antel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Current Topics in Microbiology and Immunology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">253</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="271" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Role of cell culture for virus detection in the age of technology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Leland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ginocchio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1128/CMR.00002-06</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Microbiology Reviews</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neuromusculoskeletal disorders following SARS: a case series</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Stainsby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Howitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Porr</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Can Chiropr Assoc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="32" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Peripheral nerve disease in SARS: report of a case</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chao</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neurology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1820" to="1821" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neuromuscular disorders in severe acute respiratory syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hsieh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Neurol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1669" to="1673" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Myopathic changes associated with severe acute respiratory syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hui</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Neurol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1113" to="1117" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Features discriminating SARS from other severe viral respiratory tract infections</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Rainer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ip</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Clin Microbiol Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Coronavirus y SNC</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Large artery ischaemic stroke in severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Umapathi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Venketasubramanian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Yeo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neurol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">251</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1227" to="1231" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neurological manifestations in severe acute respiratory syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Hsieh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Neurol Taiwan</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="113" to="122" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>abstract</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus-induced autoimmunity in multiple sclerosis: the coronavirus paradigm</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Clin Neurosci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="215" to="233" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intracisternal virus-like particles in brain of a multiple sclerosis patient</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Tanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Iwasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Koprowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neurol Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="121" to="126" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Two coronaviruses isolated from central nervous system tissue of two multiple sclerosis patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J S</forename><surname>Burks</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B L</forename><surname>Devald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L D</forename><surname>Jankovsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gerdes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">209</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="933" to="934" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of coronavirus RNA and antigen in multiple sclerosis brain</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R S</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Brian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Cabirac</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Neurol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="525" to="533" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human coronavirus gene expression in the brains of multiple sclerosis patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J N</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Mounir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">191</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="502" to="505" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronaviruses in brain tissue from patients with multiple sclerosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Dessau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lisby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Frederiksen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Neuropathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="601" to="605" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antibodies to coronaviruses OC43 and 229E in multiple sclerosis patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Salmi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Ziola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hovi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Reunanen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Neurology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="292" to="295" />
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human coronavirus polyadenylated RNA sequences in cerebrospinal fluid from multiple sclerosis patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Cristallo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Gambaro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Biamonti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ferrante</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Battaglia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cereda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microbiologica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="114" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Infection of primary cultures of human neural cells by human coronaviruses 229E and OC43</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bonavia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Arbour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V W</forename><surname>Yong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="800" to="806" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute and persistent infection of human neural cell lines by human coronavirus OC43</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Arbour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Côté</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lachance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tardieu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N R</forename><surname>Cashman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3338" to="3350" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Persistent infection of human oligodendrocytic and neuroglial cell lines by human coronavirus 229E</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Arbour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ékandé</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Côté</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lachance</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Chagnon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tardieu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N R</forename><surname>Cashman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3326" to="3337" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral infections trigger multiple sclerosis relapses: a prospective seroepidemiological study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Andersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P E</forename><surname>Lygner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Bergstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Andersson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Vahlne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Neurol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">240</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="417" to="422" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical viral infections and multiple sclerosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W A</forename><surname>Sibley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C R</forename><surname>Bamford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1313" to="1315" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viremic dissemination of mouse hepatitis virus-JHM following intranasal inoculation of mice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S W</forename><surname>Barthold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">122</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular determinants of CNS virulence of MHV-4</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Buchmeier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Dalziel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Koolen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lampert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/978-1-4684-1280-2_38</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Exp Med Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">218</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="287" to="295" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The pathogenesis of murine coronavirus infection of the central nervous system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hosking</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1615/CritRevImmunol.v30.i2.20</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crit Rev Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Limbic encephalitis after inhalation of a murine coronavirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Lavi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P S</forename><surname>Fishman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M K</forename><surname>Highkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lab Investig</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entry of coronavirus into primate CNS following peripheral infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G F</forename><surname>Cabirac</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K F</forename><surname>Soike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-Y</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hoel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Butunoi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G Y</forename><surname>Cai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Johnson</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microb Pathog</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="349" to="357" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Brain Invasion by Mouse Hepatitis Virus Depends on Impairment of Tight Junctions and Beta Interferon Production in Brain Microvascular Endothelial Cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Bleau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Filliol</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Samson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lamontagne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1128/JVI.01501-15</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="9896" to="908" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Fine Tuning the Cytokine Storm by IFN and IL-10</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Savarin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bergmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.3389/fimmu.2018.03022</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Following Neurotropic CoronavirusEncephalomyelitis. Front Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">3022</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mouse hepatitis virus infection upregulates genes involved in innate immune responses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Chatterjee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Addya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Khan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Kenyon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Choe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cohrs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1371/journal.pone.0111351</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">111351</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differences and similarities between Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)-CoronaVirus (CoV) and SARS-CoV-2. Would a rose by another name smell as sweet?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ceccarelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Berretta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Venanzi Rullo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Nunnari</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Cacopardo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.26355/eurrev_202003_20551</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2781" to="2783" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early Transmission Dynamics in Wuhan, China, of Novel Coronavirus-Infected Pneumonia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Guan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1056/NEJMoa2001316</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogenicity and transmissibility of 2019-nCoV-A quick overview and comparison with other emerging viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.micinf.2020.01.004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microbes Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) and coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19): the epidemic and the challenges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Shih</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hsueh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.ijantimicag.2020.105924</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Antimicrob Agents</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Novel Coronavirus 2019 (Sars-CoV2): a global emergency that needs new approaches?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Perr Ell A A</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Carannante</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Berr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rinaldi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Maturo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Rinaldi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.26355/eurrev_202002_20396</idno>
		<ptr target="DOI:10.26355/eurrev_202002_20396" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2162" to="2164" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular and serological investigation of 2019-nCoV infected patients: implication of multiple shedding routes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R-H</forename><surname>Du</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X-S</forename><surname>Zheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yang X-L</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y-Y</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Xiao G-F</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yan</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Shi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z-L</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Microbes Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="386" to="389" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of 99 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a descriptive study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Qu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Gong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Han</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(20</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">395</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30211" to="30218" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical features of patients infected with 2019 novel coronavirus in Wuhan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ren</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(20)30183-5</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">China. Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395497" to="506" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical Characteristics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">138</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<monogr>
				<idno type="doi">10.1001/jama.2020.1585.CoronavirusySNC</idno>
		<title level="m">Hospitalized Patients With 2019 Novel Coronavirus-Infected Pneumonia in Wuhan, China JAMA. 2020</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ma CLClinical findings in a group of patients infected with the 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-Cov-2) outside of Wuhan, China: retrospective case series</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Jiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ying</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1136/bmj.m606</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMJ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">368</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">606</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical characteristics of novel coronavirus cases in tertiary hospitals in Hubei Province</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Fang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Deng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Ma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1097/CM9.0000000000000744</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chin Med J (Engl)</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical course and outcomes of critically ill patients with SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia in Wuhan, China: a singlecentered, retrospective, observational study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Yu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Shu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S2213-2600(20</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet Respir Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30079" to="30084" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neurological Manifestations of Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: a retrospective case series study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Mao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>He</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1101/2020.02.22.20026500</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMJ</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Filatov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Hindi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.7759/cureus.7352</idno>
		<title level="m">Neurological Complications of Coronavirus Disease</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020-03-21" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The neuroinvasive potential of SARS-CoV2 may play a role in the respiratory failure of COVID-19 patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Bai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hashikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1002/jmv.25728</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Med Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronaviruses: an overview of their replication and pathogenesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Fehr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Perlman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Methods Mol Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1282</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neuroinvasive and neurotropic human respiratory coronaviruses: potential neurovirulent agents in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Desforges</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Le</forename><surname>Coupanec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Brison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Meessen-Pinard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/978-81-322-1777-0_6</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Exp Med Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">807</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronavirus nonstructural protein 1: common and distinct functions in the regulation of host and viral gene expression</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Narayanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Ramirez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lokugamage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Makino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">202</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genomic characterization of the 2019 novel human-pathogenic coronavirus isolated from a patient with atypical pneumonia after visiting Wuhan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>To</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Yuan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Yuen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1080/22221751.2020.1719902</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Microbes Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="236" />
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simulation of the clinical and pathological manifestations of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) in golden Syrian hamster model: implications for disease pathogenesis and transmissibility</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Yuan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Poon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
	<note>Infect Dis. 2020. 325. doi: 10.1093/cid/ciaa325</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The S proteins of human coronavirus NL63 and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus bind overlapping regions of ACE2</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Sui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Kuhn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Radoshitzky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Marasco</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.virol.2007.04.035</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">367</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="367" to="374" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evidence of the COVID-19 Virus Targeting the CNS: Tissue Distribution, Host-Virus Interaction, and Proposed Neurotropic Mechanisms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Baig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Khaleeq</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Ali</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Syeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1021/acschemneuro.0c00122</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">CS Chem Neurosci</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2020" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Susceptibility to SARS coronavirus S protein-driven infection correlates with expression of angiotensin converting enzyme 2 and infection can be blocked by soluble receptor</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hofmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.bbrc.2004.05.114</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">319</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1216" to="1221" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Neurologic syndrome due to MERS: is there a possibility that the virus can cross the blood-brain barrier to cause a neurological problem?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Joob</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Wiwanitkit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.4103/1755-6783.162654</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annals of Tropical Medicine and Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">231</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In vivo and in vitro models of demyelinating disease. IX. Progression of JHM virus infection in the central nervous system of the rat during overt and asymptomatic phases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Sorensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M B</forename><surname>Coulter-Mackie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Puchalski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dales</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">137</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="357" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
