<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:00+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">The effect of spent bleaching earth ageing process on its physicochemical and microbial composition and its potential use as a source of fatty acids and triterpenes</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Teresa</forename><surname>Krzyśko-Łupicka</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Krystyna</forename><surname>Cybulska</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Andrzej</forename><surname>Wieczorek</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ewa</forename><surname>Możdżer</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Maciej</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nowak</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">The effect of spent bleaching earth ageing process on its physicochemical and microbial composition and its potential use as a source of fatty acids and triterpenes</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s11356-014-3021-6</idno>
					<note type="submission">Received: 13 January 2014 / Accepted: 7 May 2014 / Published online: 31 May 2014</note>
					<note>RESEARCH ARTICLE</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Spent bleaching earth (SBE) Lipolytic microorganisms Bioconversion Triterpenes Saturated fatty acids</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Abstract This study was aimed at investigating the physicochemical and microbiological changes that took place during the ageing process of spent bleaching earth in the presence of autochthonous microorganisms. Research material included fresh spent bleaching earth (SBE 0 ) and the same material after 3 years of storage at the constant temperature of 20°C, without aeration and moistening (SBE 3 ). Changes in the chemical composition of analysed waste material were observed during its ageing process point to a spontaneous bioconversion of fat substance towards formation and/or release of free saturated fatty acids C16:0 and C18:0 (14. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>D.M.). This process was accompanied by other changes in</head><p>physicochemical parameters of the waste material, such as colour, odour and viscosity, decrease in fat content from 28.27 to 24.6 % and that of soluble forms of metals (Mo, Cu, Fe, Zn, Ni, Cr and Mn), ranging from 25 to 75 %, and an increase in pH, from 3.85 to 4.2. At the same time, changes in the microbial consortium were observed.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>Waste generation is an inseparable part of economic activity, and therefore, it is reasonable to minimise both the quantity of generated waste materials as well as their negative environmental impact. In the waste management scheme being valid throughout the EU, there are to be found in the order of priority such sections as recovery of usable components and recycling of components which cannot be directly used Directive 2008/98/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) of <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">19 November 2008</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">(European Parliament 2008</ref>. However, waste disposal, particularly through landfilling, is still a disagreeable and undesirable necessity <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">(European Council 1999)</ref>.</p><p>Despite many years of research carried out on the management of spent bleaching earth (SBE), a waste material from fat industry is still serious and unsolved, economic and ecological problem.</p><p>The fat industry provides substantial quantities of spent bleaching earth (SBE) each year. For example, it is 40,000 t in Poland, 80,000 t in Japan and 1.0-2.0 million t worldwide <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">(Huang and Chang 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b58">Tippkötter et al. 2014</ref>). This waste material contains from 25 to 40 % oil and various substances being absorbed during bleaching <ref type="bibr">(Beneke and Lagaly 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b35">Lara and Park 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b38">Ming et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b30">Kojima et al. 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b43">Park and Ming 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b33">Krzyśko-Łupicka 2013)</ref>. These waste materials are difficult to manage or even to dispose of due to the diversified composition, high quantities of water-insoluble substances, such as fatty acids, macro-elements (sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, sulphur and chlorine) and micro-elements (iron, manganese, zinc, copper, iodine, cobalt and selenium), plant pigments and heavy metals (cadmium, mercury, arsenic, lead, chromium and nickel) <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">(Chandra and Sathiavelu 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b46">Piotrowska-Cyplik et al. 2013)</ref>.</p><p>Therefore, their decomposition in the environment is inhibited and very slow. Removing process of such waste materials through storage is thus inadvisable due to ecological reasons as these pollutants may penetrate into the ground water and even infiltrate water-bearing horizons <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">(Murray 1989</ref>) and may be forbidden by law or significantly limited.</p><p>Moreover, their open-air storage may cause spontaneous combustion <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">(Kheang et al. 2006)</ref>.</p><p>This type of properties and effects significantly impede waste management and environmental protection, which are warranted in the Polish legal provisions, in particular in the Environmental Protection Act . Due to its high organic content, which exceeds the 6 % limit of the waste acceptance criteria (WAC) for hazardous waste landfills under the EU Landfill Directive, rough SBE cannot be landfilled <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">(European Council 1999)</ref> and must be disposed by other means. These may be both classic and modern processes. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">Anderson (1996)</ref> suggested that SBE could be used as an asphalt additive, replacement for plastic parts in refractories, in cement manufacturing, soil stabilisers and road foundation. The SBE also could be added at 0.5 to 2 % as an ingredient in broiler chicks feed <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">(Blair et al. 1986;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">Jeon and Son 2007)</ref>. To ensure safety of the animals and people, such use of SBE shall be governed by European <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">Parliament and Council (2002)</ref>. The recovered oil from SBE may by use for the production of surfactants, biodegradable polyesters, lubricants, anti-rust products, biofuels <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">(Lara and Park 2004;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">Park et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">Huang and Chang 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">Selvabala et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b49">Pourvosoghi et al. 2013</ref>) and other chemical compounds <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">(Park and Ming 2004)</ref>. <ref type="bibr">Tippkötter and co-workers (2014)</ref> propose the use of spent bleaching earth as source of glycerol for the anaerobic production of acetone, butanol and ethanol. The possibilities of using the activated SBE as a sorbent of heavy metals are also tested <ref type="bibr" target="#b53">(Seng et al. 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b60">Wambu et al. 2009</ref>). In the Europe, incineration of SBE remains the main disposal method <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">(Beshara and Cheeseman 2008)</ref>.</p><p>One of the most important and most effective methods of disposal for such waste materials and their removal from the environment is biological decomposition by the microorganisms displaying lipolytic activity. Lipid reach waste is a highvalue substrate for microorganisms, being a fully alternative source of carbon and energy.</p><p>Under natural conditions, their biodegradation is a spontaneous process taking place with autochthonous microorganisms showing a synergistic action. A factor determining this process is microorganisms' composition and their activity. It particularly depends on the presence of antagonistic microorganisms, properties of pollutants, waste "age", presence of different chemical compounds, temperature, availability of oxygen and nutrients content. Generally, it depends on microbial and physicochemical properties of the environment where this process is taking place. The biomass of microorganisms, in particular the activity of their lipolytic enzymes, should have a significant effect on changes in physicochemical parameters of the environment, inducing a modification of its composition and, in consequence, affecting the rate of biodegradation processes (http://www.ejpau.media.pl/volume7/ issue1/biotechnology/art-01.html).</p><p>Therefore, it is necessary to know the transformations occurring in SBE, particularly fat bioconversion towards development of different chemical compounds and changes in the microbial consortium, In this context, research aiming at investigating the physicochemical and microbiological changes taking place in the process of ageing of spent bleaching earth in the presence of autochthonous microorganisms is reasonable from both economic and legal point of view.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Materials and methods</head><p>Research material obtained from Polish local rapeseed oil refinery was the diatomaceous spent bleaching earth waste (SBE 0 ), collected directly from filters after the refining of vegetable oils at fat processing plants, and the same waste being stored for 3 years (SBE 3 ) in two plastic screw top barrels, at a constant temperature of 20°C without aeration and moistening. From each barrel, three samples were collected from a depth of 30 cm. The initial waste (SBE 0 ) had the form of a loose, grease mass of yellow colour and characteristic oily odour. The stored SBE (SBE 3 ) had the form of a loose grey-brown mass with a characteristic odour of rancid fat. Determinations were made from averaged samples. Each measurement was repeated two times. If the results were significantly different, a third measurement was performed. The obtained results were analysed statistically, using analysis of variance and testing the factors with the Duncan's test with the use of Satistica 5.5 software (StatSoft).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Research methods</head><p>1. Examination of the physicochemical properties of SBE <ref type="bibr">0</ref> and SBE 3 included the following determinations:</p><p>&amp; Exchangeable acidity in a KCL solution using an ELPO N-512 pH meter <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">(Ewing 1981)</ref>, &amp; Sulphate sulphur by the nephelometric method, phosphorus by the spectrophotometric method <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">(Ewing 1981;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b42">Ostrowska et al. 1991)</ref>, total nitrogen (Grace Analytical Lab 1994; <ref type="bibr" target="#b42">Ostrowska et al. 1991)</ref>, chlorides by the Mohr method according to the ISO standard 9297 (1989) and <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">Skoog et al. (1996)</ref>, &amp; Metals (Fe, Cu, Mg, Mn, Zn, Cr, Co, Ni, Pb) by the method of atomic absorption spectroscopy <ref type="bibr" target="#b51">(Rauert et al. 1999</ref>) using AAS PU-9100X Philips Unicam.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Chemical analysis of fatty extracts included:</head><p>&amp; Preparation of fatty extracts from the waste materials under analysis, &amp; Performance of chromatographic and IR spectrophotometric analyses of fatty extracts.</p><p>A weighted portion of SBE <ref type="formula">(5 g</ref>) was extracted with nhexane in a Soxhlet apparatus. Obtained solution has been concentrated in an evaporator until an oily substance was received, and its weight was determined.</p><p>The chromatographic analysis gas chromatographymass spectrometry (GC/MS) <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">(Sparkman et al. 2011</ref>) was conducted using a Hewlett Packard 5890 Series II gas chromatograph under the following conditions: HP-5 capillary column, injector temperature 60°C, temperature gradient 10°C/min to 280°C, isothermal heating 20 min <ref type="bibr">[60/10/280-20]</ref>, detector temperature 280°C. Samples were dosed by an on-column injection. Identification of fats, their bioconversion products and their quantitative determinations in the extract were made by using HP Analytical NIST MS Search Program and Spectra Database software and the results were given in g 100 g</p><formula xml:id="formula_0">−1 D.M. SBE.</formula><p>Process of chemical transformations of fatty substances during the fat ageing was observed using the IR spectroscopy <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">(Stuart 2004</ref>). The IR spectrophotometric analyses were performed using a Philips Analytical PU 9800 FT-IR Spectrophotometer with a resolution of 2 cm −1 . Samples, in the form of a film have been applied on a sodium chloride crystal and studied using the wave number range of 4,000-750 cm −1 . After 5 days of incubation at 25°C, the total number of bacteria and yeast was determined, while that of other microorganism groups was after 10 days <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Kelley 2001)</ref>. The results were given in colony-forming units per gram dry matter of the waste material. The isolated, macroscopically different bacteria colonies were subject to biochemical identification using analytical profile index (API) tests: API 20 NE and ID32GN for Gram-negative rods, API 50 CHB for Gram-positive bacilli, ID32 STAPH for Gram-positive cocci and API 20 Aux and ID32C for yeast. Filamentous fungi were identified based on their morphological features using the diagnostic keys <ref type="bibr">(Pitt and Hocking 1985;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">Hoog and Guarro 1995;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b47">Pitt 1988;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">Barnett et al. 2000)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results and discussion</head><p>The initial waste (SBE 0 ) had the form of a loose, grease mass of yellow colour with acid reaction (pH 3.85), characteristic oily odour and a fat content of 28.27 % w/w. After 3 years of storage, its physicochemical and organoleptic characteristics underwent distinct alterations. The stored SBE (SBE 3 ) had the form of a loose grey-brown mass with pH 4.2, with a characteristic odour of rancid fat and lower fat content (24.6 % w/w). Clearly, lower contents of the extractable forms of metals (Fe, Cu, Zn, Ni, Cr and Mn) were observed in SBE 3 , within a range from 25 to 75 % <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Table 1)</ref>, and twofold lower contents of sulphates and total phosphorus ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref>). The content of total nitrogen drastically increased, that of chlorides increased almost twofold <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">(Table 2)</ref>, whereas the lead content increased sixfold when compared to SBE 0 <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Table 1)</ref>. Also, the content of cadmium increased, while cobalt content has not clearly changed.</p><p>Changes observed in both, the physical characteristics of the waste material and the content of respective inorganic components, suggest the chemical transformation leading to the conversion of the bond forms of elements during ageing waste. It resulted in an apparent increase or decrease in the content of chemical elements.</p><p>Results of the instrumental analyses (IR, GC/MS) of fatty extracts from the waste materials being examined also point to the process of chemical transformations during the fat ageing. Based on the IR spectra, it was found that the chemical composition of fatty extracts was diversified <ref type="figure">(Fig. 1)</ref>, while the identifiable components of the waste samples under analysis were carboxylic acids, aldehydes, mono-cyclic hydrocarbons, esters and other aliphatic and aromatic compounds containing characteristic atom formations being specified in <ref type="table" target="#tab_3">Table 3</ref>.</p><p>The chromatographic analysis by the GC/MS method showed, much like the IR spectroscopy, quantitative and qualitative differentiation of components in fatty extracts from SBE 0 and SBE 3 samples <ref type="figure">(Fig. 2)</ref>. Its quantitative results are presented in <ref type="table" target="#tab_4">Table 4</ref>. The identification of components was made based on the similarity of mass spectra.</p><p>In the fatty acid of the initial waste (SBE 0 ), mainly oleic acid (C18:1 ω9) was identified, and small quantities of cyclopentaundecanoic acid. On the other hand, in the stored waste (SBE 3 ), saturated fatty acids, such as hexadecanoic acid ( C 1 6 : 0 ) , o c t a d e c a n o i c a c i d ( C 1 8 : 0 ) a n d cyclopentaundecanoic acid (C16:0), were found. They could arise in the process of oxidation; the result of which was complete disappearance of oleic acid. But the appearance of cyclic compounds, such as cyclopentaundecanoic acid, triterpenes and cholesterol <ref type="table" target="#tab_4">(Table 4)</ref>, may be the result of stereomutation with oxidation and formation of cyclic compounds, such as cyclopentaundecanoic acid, triterpenes and cholesterol <ref type="table" target="#tab_4">(Table 4)</ref>.</p><p>The changes observed in the qualitative and quantitative composition of bleaching earth as a consequence of ageing could be both the result of chemical and biochemical transformations of the components being adsorbed on bleaching earth and, at least in part, the result of transformations occurring in the matrix, in this case in spent bleaching earth, leading to the release of chemical elements and organic compounds being the pollutants of bleached oil, strongly adsorbed during that process. In this way, substances previously immobilized on the matrix become available and detectable by using standard analytical procedures.</p><p>The resulting intermediate products of decomposition of fat, such as free fatty acids, aldehydes, triterpenes, as well as changes in the concentration of metal forms and other elements available on the biological transformation can determine the quantitative and qualitative changes in the microbial population. The microbial consortium inhabiting spent bleached earth, the fresh one and that after ageing, was comprised of both bacteria, yeast and fungi not displaying lipolytic activities as well as the microorganisms showing lipolytic activity.</p><p>In SBE 0 , no yeasts were found; the reason of which could be a high concentration of oleic acid <ref type="bibr" target="#b55">(Smith and Alford 1966)</ref>. During the storage of the waste, a new microbial system was developed as a result of succession. The bacterial count decreased hundredfold, as well as that of the microorganisms displaying lipolytic activity decreased tenfold, whereas the number of filamentous fungi increased tenfold <ref type="figure">(Fig. 3)</ref>. Microorganisms displaying amylolytic and proteolytic disappeared totally; however, the amount of yeast increased (100 cfu g −1 ) <ref type="figure">(Fig. 3)</ref>. Higher biodiversity of the microorganisms not displaying lipolytic activity was found in SBE 0 30 species (12 bacteria species and 18 filamentous fungi species), comparing to SBE 3, where 17 species (nine bacteria species, four yeast species and four filamentous fungi species) were found <ref type="table" target="#tab_5">(Table 5)</ref>.</p><p>Higher diversity was also characteristic for the microorganisms displaying lipolytic activity in SBE 0 (32 species-of which 12 bacteria species) than in SBE 3 (23 species-of which 11 bacteria species) ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_6">Table 6</ref>).  It is characteristic ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_6">Table 6</ref>) that yeast species displaying lipolytic activity, such as Sporobolomyces salmonicolor, Rhodotorula glutinis, Candida colliculosa (syn. Torulaspora delbrueckii) and Candida sp., were identified only in SBE 3 .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>The examined spent bleaching earth was a system composed of diatomaceous earth, adsorbed fats, metals and microorganisms, including those being able to grow in the presence of fat or using it in life processes. During ageing, such systems are subject to dynamic changes, both microbiological and chemical ones <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">(Krzyśko-Łupicka 2009)</ref>. The processes taking place in SBE were slow and extremely complex as a result of high concentration of fat being adsorbed on the carrier, its hampered availability for microorganisms <ref type="bibr">(Wakelin and Foster 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b35">Lara and Park 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b30">Kojima et al. 2004</ref>) and also due to interactions taking place between the metabolites of different populations and the factors activating their growth and activity <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">(Ambachtsheer 2000)</ref>. The role of mobile metal forms is also important which, depending on environmental conditions, are adsorbed (immobilised) on diatomaceous earth or released from SBE. A decrease in the content of metals being observed in this study could be a result of their binding by fungi and bacteria during biosorption <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">(Chang and Hong 1994;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b39">Mullen et al. 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b61">White et al. 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">Delgado et al. 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">Yin et al. 1999;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b44">Park et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b0">Al-Kadeeb 2007)</ref>, intracellular accumulation or precipitation (formation of chelate complexes) due to which they became non-determinable under analytical conditions.</p><p>Observed decrease in sulphate content may be very likely associated with a formation of volatile sulphur compounds, such as hydrogen sulphide, organic sulphides and others, under mild reducing conditions prevailing in the waste material being stored. On the other hand, an increase in the content of total nitrogen is most likely related to the mentioned above reversible sorption-desorption processes of substances containing given chemical elements in the bleaching earth.</p><p>As a result of the waste ageing, an increase in the weight of fatty extracts was observed (from 28.27 g 100 g −1 D.M. in SBE 0 to 34.08 g 100 g −1 D.M. in SBE 3 ), being an evidence for the course of fat substance bioconversion towards Absorbance cm -1 <ref type="figure">Fig. 1</ref> The IR absorption spectra of fatty extracts in the initial waste SBE 0 (black) and the stored waste SBE 3 (grey) Def. out of plane C-H R 1 CH=CHR 2 (cis), (CH 2 ) n n&gt;4 of aliphatic compounds or aromatic system development of new chemical compounds, better soluble in hexane used during extraction. Considering the high acidity of the examined waste material <ref type="bibr">(pH 3.80-4.20)</ref>, it is most probable that bioconversion took place with the presence of microflora displaying lipolytic activity and is characterised by low living requirements and high adaptability <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">(Gunstone 1967</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">(Gunstone , 1999</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">Wakelin and Forster 1997;</ref><ref type="bibr">Edwards 1990;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b3">Atlas and Bartha 1998;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">Brune et al. 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b31">Kottler et al. 2001;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">Das and Dangar 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">Xiang et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b32">Krzyśko-Łupicka 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b34">Krzysko-Łupicka and Robak 2011)</ref>. The emergence of new microorganism species in the analysed SBE 3 may be a result of their activation in the presence of newly developed products of fat substance biodegradation <ref type="bibr" target="#b37">(Millet and Lonvaud-Funel 2000;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">Oliver 2005)</ref>.</p><p>Under these conditions, the products of fat substance degradation and oxidation connected with its transformations were straight-chain saturated fatty acids (mainly C16:0 and C18:0) and a cyclic fatty acid-cyclopentaundecanoic acid (C16:0), found in substantial quantities in SBE 3 . It can therefore be stated that β-oxidation, hydrogenation, isomerisation and cyclisation processes took place during the storage. On the other hand, oxygen compounds (e.g. aldehydes, ketones) developed probably by hydroperoxide formation and degradation <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">(Gunstone 1967;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b43">Park and Ming 2004)</ref>.</p><p>The mechanism resulting in the emergence of other final products, such as triterpenes, in SBE 3 is difficult to explain. However, due to their quantities and biological properties, the waste material being examined may be a new source for obtaining these compounds.</p><p>So far, triterpenes, such as lupeol, betulin, demecolcine and cucurbitacin B, have been obtained from many plant species, e.g. from the bark of trees of the family A B <ref type="figure">Fig. 2</ref> The GC/MS chromatograms of fatty extracts from SBE 0 (a) and SBE <ref type="bibr">3 (b)</ref> Betulaceae in which they occur naturally at the concentration of about 10-30 % <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">(Cole et al. 1991)</ref>. They exhibit anti-microbial, anti-inflammatory and anti-neoplastic effects and have emulsifying properties. Triterpene compounds (betulinic acid and its derivatives) inhibit proliferation of influenza virus, HSV-1, ECH06 enterovirus or SARS coronavirus <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">(Clinatl et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr">Flekhter et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">Kanokmedhakul et al. 2003)</ref>. Until now, the main source of triterpenes has been first of all the liquorice roots and the birch bark <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">(Clinatl et al. 2003</ref>) but bioactive substances of that type are also produced by fungi Scleroderma citrinum <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">(Kanokmedhakul et al. 2003)</ref>.</p><p>The emulsifying properties of betulin and its synthetic ester derivatives (tartrate, phthalates, tetrachlorophthalate) are being mainly used in the chemical industry, using them as emulsifiers and stabilisers of the oil/water systems or plasticisers in PCV production.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>Analysing the n-hexane esters from spent bleaching earth (SBE 0 and SBE 3 ), changes were observed in the chemical composition, accompanying the process of its ageing,   changes in the fat substance (colour, odour and viscosity), a decrease in the fat content (from 28.27 to 24.6 %) and that of soluble forms of metals (Mo, Cu, Fe, Zn, Ni, Cr and Mn), ranging from 25 to 75 %, and an increase in pH (from 3.85 to 4.2). At the same time, changes in the microbial consortium were observed. The extraction of chemical compounds from the aged spent bleaching earth, occurring in it in substantial quantities, would have been certainly justified from the economic point of view. They might be used in both pharmaceutical and chemical industries and cosmetology (betulin esters with saturated fatty acids) after their previous extraction and separation. In the light of the results being obtained, it appears that spent bleaching earth may be a potential source of chemical compounds of the industrial use.</p><p>Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License which permits any use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and the source are credited.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>of 24 April 2001 (Polish Parliament 2001) and the Waste Act of 14 Decem- ber 2012 (Polish Parliament 2012). According to Europe- an legislation, SBE is classified as hazardous waste with code 070610 * A (European Commission 2000)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Difco Laboratories 1984), &amp; Nutrient LAB-Agar ™ (BIOCORP) for bacteria, &amp; Starch Casein Nitrate Agar (Difco) for actinomycetes, &amp; Tributyrin Agar (Fluka); neutral Tributyrin (Fluka) for microorganisms displaying lipolytic activity (Difco Laboratories 1984), &amp; Waksman's agar for microorganisms displaying amylolyt- ic activity (Difco Laboratories 1984), &amp; Fraser broth for microorganisms displaying proteolytic activity (Difco Laboratories 1984).</figDesc><table>Microbiological analysis of SBE 0 and SBE 3 included 
determinations of the quantitative and qualitative micro-
bial composition by the culture method based on the 
following mediums: 

&amp; Czapek's agar with glucose for fungi (Difco Laboratories 
1984), 
&amp; YPG agar with chloramphenicol 0.1 g/dm 
3 for yeast 
(</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="true"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>The results of chemical analysis of mobile forms of metals in SBE 0 and SBE 3</figDesc><table>The content of fatty 
substances (%) mass 

The concentration of metals (mg kg 
−1 D.M. SBE) 

Fe 
Cu Zn 
Ni 
Cr 
Pb 
Cd Co Mn 
Hg 

SBE 0 28.27 
10,089 6.0 19.5 12.0 6.0 2.0 
0.0 2.5 269 
0.004 

SBE 3 24.6 
6,000 
3.0 15.0 3.0 
2.5 11.0 0.5 2.0 85.5 &lt;0.004 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head>Table 2 The</head><label>2</label><figDesc></figDesc><table>inorganic com-
pound content in SBE 0 and SBE 3 
pH KCL The inorganic compounds (mg kg 
−1 D.M. SBE) 
Dry mass 
(%) 
Total nitrogen 
(N) 

Total phosphorus 
(P) 

Chlorides 
(Cl 

− 

) 

Sulphates 
(SO 4 

−2 

) 

SBE 0 3.85 
0.05 
1.64 
452 
1,650 
98.4 
SBE 3 4.2 
2,200 
0.862 
753.4 
930 
95.9 </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="true"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>The IR absorption bands of fatty extracts and corresponding structural elements</figDesc><table>Wave number (cm 

−1 

) 
Absorption band 
Structural elements 

3008 
Stretching=CH 
-CH=CH-, CR 1 R 2 =CHR 3, aromatic system 
2928, 2856 
Stretching C-H (sym. and asym.) 
Ar-CH 3 ,-CH 2 -of cycloalkanes 

1746, 1711 
Stretching C=O 
Aldehydes, carboxylic acids, esters 
1467 
Deformation asym. (def) C-H shear C-H 
-CH 3 , -CH 2 -CH 2 -O-, esters 
1417 
Deformation C-H 
CH 3 , CH 2 , C=CH-
1378 
Def. sym. C-H 
-CH 3 
1252 
Stretching C-O 
Carboxylic acid esters 
978 
Def. C-H and C=H 
C=C-H 
727 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="false"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>The quantity and quality composition of free fat in SBE 0 and SBE 3 (g/kg D.M. SBE)pointing to a spontaneous bioconversion of fat substance towards formation and/or release of saturated fatty acids C16:0 and C18:0 (14.3 g 100 g −1 D.M.), triterpenes (8.48 gD.M.). This process was accompanied by physicochemical</figDesc><table>Retention time (min) Compound 
Content of the component in the fatty extract 
(g 100 g 
−1 D. M.) 

SBE 0 
SBE 3 

Unsaturated fatty acids 
18.3 
Oleic acid (C18:1 ω9) 
27.14 
Saturated fatty acids 
20.81 
Cyclopentaneundecanoic acid (C16:0) 1.13 
6.48 
13.96 
Hexadecanoic acid (C16:0) 
5.89 
15.86 
Octadecanoic acid (C18:0) 
1.61 

19.11 
Cyclopropanenonanoic acid (C12:0) 
0.32 
Summary 
14.30 
Triterpenes 
33.09 
Betulin (C 30 H 50 O 2 ) 
4 . 2 3 
26.50 
Lupeol (C 30 H 50 O) 
2.16 
27.34 
Demecolcine (C 21 H 25 NO 5 ) 
0 . 8 7 
13.02 
Cucurbitacin B 
1.22 
Summary 
8.48 
Steroid alcohols 
23.43 
Cholesterol 
3.29 
Hydrocarbons 
21.70 
1-Docosene 
2.11 
Ester 
22.18 
Tetradecanoic acid, tetradecyl ester 
0.80 
Rest compounds 
5.10 
Summary 
28.27 
34.08 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" validated="false"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Qualitative composition of the microorganisms not displaying lipolytic activity in the fresh waste (SBE 0 ) and after ageing (SBE 3 )Burkholderia cepacia, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, Acinetobacter lwoffii, Aeromonas salmonicida, Bacillus (B. subtilis, B. cereus, B. firmus), Staphylococcus (S. arlettae, S. sciuri), Rothia mucilaginosa, Xanthobacter sp. Streptomyces sp.hiemalis, Rhizopus sp., Mortierella sp., Penicillium (P. citrinum, P. frequentans, P. notatum), Aspergillus (A. nidulans, A. niger), Acremonium murorum, Trichoderma viride, Scopulariopsis brevicaulis, Cladosporium (C. cladosporioides, C. fulvum), Alternaria alternata, Fusarium (F. solani, F. culmorum, F. sporotrichioides, F. oxysporum) SBE 3 Sphingomonas paucimobilis, Bacillus (B. subtilis, B. cereus, B. firmus, B. lentus), Staphylococcus (S. sciuri, S. haemolyticus), Rothia mucilaginosa, Streptomyces sp. Rhodotorula glutinis, Sporobolomyces salmonicolor, Pichia sp., Candida sp., Mucor circinelloides, Penicillium citrinum, Aspergillus niger, Cladosporium resinae, Fusarium (F. aqueductum, F. solani)</figDesc><table>Type 
of 
waste 

The species composition of microorganisms 

Bacteria 
Fungi 

SBE 0 Mucor </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" validated="true"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Qualitative composition of the microorganisms displaying lipolytic activity in the fresh waste (SBE 0 ) and after ageing (SBE 3 ) The presence of lipolytic activity of microorganisms</figDesc><table>Bacteria 
Yeast 
Fungi 
SBE 0 SBE 3 
SBE 0 SBE 3 
SBE 0 SBE 3 
Sphingomonas paucimobilis 
+ 
-
Rhodotorula glutinis 
-
+ 
Mucor hiemalis 
+ 
− 

Burkholderia cepacia 
+ 
-
Sporobolomyces salmonicolor -
+ 
Mucor circinelloides 
-
+ 
Ochrobactrum anthropi 
+ 
-
Candida colliculosa 
-
+ 
Mortierella sp. 
+ 
-

Pseudomonas alcaligenes 
-
+ 
Candida sp. 
-
+ 
Penicillium citrinum 
+ 
-

Pseudomonas putida 
+ 
-
Penicillium frequentans 
+ 
-

Acinetobacter lwoffii 
+ 
-
Penicillium notatum 
+ 
-

Chryseomonas luteola 
-
+ 
Penicillium albidum 
+ 
-

Bacillus subtilis 
+ 
-
Penicillium sp. 
+ 
-

Bacillus cereus 
+ 
+ 
Paecilomyces variotii 
-
+ 
Bacillus firmus 
+ 
-
Aspergillus nidulans 
+ 
-

Bacillus lentus 
-
+ 
Aspergillus niger 
+ 
+ 
Geobacillus stearothermophilus + 
+ 
Aspergillus terreus 
-
+ 
Bacillus mycoides 
+ 
-
Trichoderma viride 
+ 
-

Bacillus amyloliquefaciens 
-
+ 
Acremonium murorum 
+ 
-

Brevibacillus laterosporus 
+ 
+ 
Scopulariopsis brevicaulis 
+ 
-

Staphylococcus. warneri 
+ 
-
Cladosporium cladosporioides + 
+ 
Staphylococcus. haemolyticus 
-
+ 
Cladosporium fulvum 
+ 
-

Staphylococcus. chromogenes 
-
+ 
Cladosporium resinae 
-
+ 
Rothia mucilaginosa 
-
+ 
Alternaria alternata 
+ 
-

Micrococcus luteus 
-
+ 
Fusarium solani 
-
+ 
Kocuria varians 
-
+ 
Dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis + 
-

Streptomyces sp. 
+ 
-

Flavobacterium sp. 
+ 
-

Myroides sp. 
+ 
-

Xanthobacter sp. 
+ 
-

+ present 
-not found </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effect of lead and copper on the growth of heavy metal resistance fungi isolated from second industrial city in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Al-Kadeeb</forename><surname>Sa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.3923/jas.2007.1019.1024</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1019" to="1024" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ambachtsheer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=" />
		<title level="m">s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0CCcQFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F% 2Fwww.ewisa.co.za%2Fliterature%2Ffiles%2Fambachtsheer. p d f &amp; e i = 8 p x P U _ 6 V J o W M 7 A b R q 4 H Q D g &amp; u s g = AFQjCNGXaG48aQI6kSKVvUQ8YElRMduryg&amp;bvm=bv. 64764171,d.ZGU&amp;cad=rja. Accessed</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Sun City, South Africa</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000-04" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Bio enhancement of microbial biomass: an appropriate technology. Wisa Biennial Conference</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">ed) Bailey&apos;s industrial oil and fat products</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>: Hui Y (</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Wiley</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="31" />
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>A primer on oils processing technology en. 4th edn</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Microbial ecology, fundamentals and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Atlas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bartha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<publisher>Benjamin/Cummings Publishing Company Inc</publisher>
			<pubPlace>USA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From Fuller &apos; s earth to bleaching earth: a historical note</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Barnett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Payne</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Yarrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Newsletter</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Yeast characteristics and identification</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Stabilization and solidification of spent bleaching earth using cement kiln dust, International Waste Working Group (IWWG)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Beshara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Cheeseman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0CCcQFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.srcosmos.gr%2Fsrcosmos%2Fshowpub.aspx%3Faa%" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<pubPlace>Crete</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">D 1 3 0 9 9 &amp; e i = d T 1 M U 5 _ J A -f y 7 A a S p o G YA Q &amp; u s g = AFQjCNFghNCnQhqhglzHfFjm0eauvftVdA&amp;bvm=bv. 64542518,d.ZGU. Accessed</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-04" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of spent bleaching clay as a feed supplement in broiler diets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Blair</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gagnon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Salmon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Pickard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Poult Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2281" to="2291" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Life at the oxic-anoxic interface: microbial activities and adaptations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Brune</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Frenzel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Cypionka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1111/j.1574-6976.2000.tb00567.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">FEMS Microbiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Waste management in the oil industry in the Mediterranean region by composting</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chandra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sathiavelu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/s10098-008-0196-x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clean Techn Environ Policy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="293" to="298" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bio-sorption of mercury by the inactivated cells of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PU 21 (Rip 64)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1002/bit.260440817</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotech Bioeng</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="999" to="1006" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Glycyrrhizin, an active component of liquorice roots and replication of SARS-associated coronavirus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Clinatl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Morgenstern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chandra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Robenau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Doerr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(03)13615-X</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2045" to="2046" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Triterpenoid extractives in the outer bark of Betula lenta (black birch)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Cole</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bentley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hua</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Holzforschung</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="265" to="268" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Microbial population dynamics, especially stress tolerant Bacillus thuringiensis, in partially anaerobic rice field soils during post-harvest period of the Himalayan, island, brackish water and coastal habitats of India</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Das</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Dangar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/s11274-007-9620-3</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World J Microbiol Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1403" to="1410" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Heavy metal: bio-sorption by dried powdered mycelium of Fusarium flocciferum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Delgado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Anselmo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Novais</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.2175/106143098X125019</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Environ Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="370" to="375" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Commission Decision of 3 May 2000 (with amendments) establishing a list of wastes pursuant to Article 1(a) of Council Directive 75/442/EEC on waste and Council Decision 94/904/EC establishing a list of hazardous waste</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Difco</forename><surname>Laboratories</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
			<publisher>McGrawHill Publ Company</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York European Commission</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Difco Laboratories, Detroit Edwards C (1990) Microbiology of extreme environments. pursuant to Article 1(4) of Council Directive 91/689/EEC on hazardous waste. OJ L 226/3</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Council Directive 1999/31/EC on the landfill of waste, OJ L 182/1</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">European</forename><surname>Council</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999-07" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Directive 2008/98/EC of the European Parliament</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">European</forename><surname>Parliament</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">OJ EU L</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">312</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008-11-19" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">on undesirable substances in animal feed -Council statement</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">European</forename><surname>Parliament</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Council</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>EU L 140/ 22</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002-05-30" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Directive 2002/32/EC of the European Parliament</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Synthesis and antiviral activity of hydrazides and substituted benzal benzalhyrazides of betulinic acid and its derivatives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ewing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Boreko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Nigmatullina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Pavlova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Galin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tolstikov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bioorg Khim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="332" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
			<publisher>Mac Grow-Hill Book Company, Inc</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Instrumental methods of chemical analysis, 4th edn</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Standard operating procedure for total Kjeldahl nitrogen (Lachat Metod). 536 South Clark Street</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<pubPlace>10th Floor Chicago, IL 60605</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Grace Analytical Lab</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An introduction to the chemistry and biochemistry of fatty acids and their glycerides. Chapman and Hall LTD. 11 New Letter Lane EC4</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Gunstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enzymes as biocatalysts in the modification of natural lipids</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Gunstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>12&lt;1535::AID-JSFA430&gt;3.0.CO;2-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Sci Food Agric</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1535" to="1549" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Atlas of clinical fungi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hoog</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Guarro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Centraalbureau voor Schimmelcultures Bearn and Delft, The Niderlands</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Universitat Rovira i Virgili</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Biodiesel production from residual oils recovered from spent bleaching earth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.renene.2009.07.014</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Renew Energy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="269" to="274" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Water quality-determination of chloride-silver nitrate titration with chromate indicator (Mohr&apos;s method</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">ISO</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9297</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">9297</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Studies on evaluation of spent bleaching clay as a feed ingredient in broiler chicks Korean</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Jeon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Son</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.5536/KJPS.2007.34.2.099</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Poult Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="99" to="104" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A bioactive triterpenoid and vulpinic acid derivatives from the mushroom Scleroderma citrinum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kanokmedhakul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kanokmedhakul</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Prajuabsuk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Soytong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Kongsaeree</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Suksamran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1055/s-2003-40639</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Planta Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="568" to="571" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Basic microbiology techniques</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<publisher>Star Publishing Company</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Belmont</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A study of residual oils recovered from spent bleaching earth: their characteristics and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kheang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Foon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>May</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ngan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Appl Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2063" to="2067" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Efficient production of fatty acid metyl ester from waste activated bleaching earth using diesel oil as organic solvent</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kojima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Du</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/ S1389-1723(05</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Biosci Bioeng</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="306" to="309" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influence of soil moisture on the sequestration of organic compounds in soil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bdk</forename><surname>Kottler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kelsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0045-6535(00)00194-6</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chemosphere</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="893" to="898" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Dynamics of microbiological changes and fat transformation in oily bleaching earth according to its modification. Studies and Monographs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Krzyśko-Łupicka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<pubPlace>Opole</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Opole, Publishing University of Opole</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Polish</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Spent bleaching earth-obtaining and directions of utilization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Krzyśko-Łupicka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.2428/ ecea 2013.20</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ecol Chem Eng A</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">59</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Yeast Yarrowia lipolytica in the biodegradation of fatty substances of the oily bleaching earth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Krzysko-Łupicka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Robak</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Sci Pol Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Polish</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lipase-catalysed production of biodiesel fuel from vegetable oils contained in waste activated bleaching earth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Lara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Process Biochem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1077" to="1082" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Potential application of industrial oily wastes on biodiesel fuel production using Candida cylindracea lipase in organic solvent system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Lara</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.enzmictec.2003.10.015</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Enzym Microb Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3-4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="270" to="277" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The viable but non-culturable state of wine microorganisms during storage</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Millet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lonvaud-Funel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1046/j.1472-765x.2000.00684.x</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lett Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="136" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Application of waste activated bleaching earth containing rapeseed oil on riboflavin production in the culture Ashbya gossypii</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lara</forename><surname>Pizarro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10. 1021/bp0257325</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Prog</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="410" to="417" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bacterial sorption of heavy metals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mullen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Wolf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Ferris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Beveridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fleming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">55</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3143" to="3149" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aquaculture engineering technologies for future</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Inst Chem Eng UK, Symp. Ser. No</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="issue">111</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="0329" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The viable but non-culturable state in bacteria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Oliver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Methods of analysis and evaluation of properties of soils and plants. Catalogue. Institute of Environmental Protection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ostrowska</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gawliński</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Szczubiałka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<pubPlace>Warszawa</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Polish</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Oxidation of rapeseed oil in waste activated bleaching earth and its effect on riboflavin production in culture of Ashbya gossypii</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ming</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S1389-1723(04</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Biosci Bioeng</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="70166" to="70174" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cadmium uptake capacity of two strains of Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Jung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Enzym Microb Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="371" to="378" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lipase-catalyzed biodiesel production from waste activated bleaching earth as raw material in a pilot plant</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kojima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.biortech.2007.05.059</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bioresour Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3130" to="3135" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Composting of oiled bleaching earth: fatty acids degradation, phytotoxicity and mutagenicity changes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Piotrowska-Cyplik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ł</forename><surname>Chrzanowski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Cyplik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Dach</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Olejnik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Staninska</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Czarny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lewicko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Marecik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Powierskaczarny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.ibiod.2012.12.007</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int Biodeterior Biodegrad</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A laboratory guide to common Penicillium species. CSIRO Division of Food Processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Pitt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>JL No. 62. item. 627</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">North Ryde Polish Parliament</title>
		<editor>Jovanovich HB</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
			<publisher>Environmental Protection Act</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Fungi and food spoilage. A series of monographs. in Polish</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Polish Parliament (2012) Waste Act (in Polish)</title>
		<idno>JL No. 0. item. 21</idno>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">An optimized process for biodiesel production from high FFA spent bleaching earth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Pourvosoghi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Nikbakht</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jafarmadar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.5829/idosi.ije.2013.26.12c.15</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Eng Trans C Aspects</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1545" to="1550" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improvement of the BCR three step sequential extraction of new sediment and soil reference materials</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rauert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Lopez-Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sahuquillo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Rubio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Davidson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ure</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Quevauviller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1039/A807854H</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Environ Monit</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Two-step biodiesel production from Calophyllum inophyllum oil: optimization of modified b-zeolite catalyzed pretreatment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Selvabala</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Selvaraj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kalimuthu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Periyaraman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Subramanian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/j. biortech.2010.08.052</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bioresour Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">102</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1066" to="1072" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Adsorption of chromium(VI) and nickel(II) ions on acid-and heat-activated deoiled spent bleaching clay</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Seng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Liew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1007/s11746-001-0351-7</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Oil Chem Soc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="831" to="835" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Fundamentals of analytical chemistry. International Edition, 7th edn</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Skoog</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>West</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Holler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>Saunders College Publishing</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Philadelphia</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Inhibition of microbial lipases by fatty acids</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Alford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="694" to="705" />
			<date type="published" when="1966" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Gas chromatography and mass spectrometry. A practical guide</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sparkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Penton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Kitson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>Elsevier</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Infrared spectroscopy: fundamentals and applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Stuart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
			<pubPlace>Willey, Chichester</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recycling of spent oil bleaching earth as source of glycerol for the anaerobic production of acetone, butanol, and ethanol with Clostridium diolis and lipolytic Clostridium lundense</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Tippkötter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wollny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Suck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Sohling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Ruf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ulber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1002/elsc.201300113</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eng Life Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">00</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="8" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An investigation into microbial removal of fats, oil and greases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Wakelin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Forster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/ S0960-8524</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bioresour Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">59</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="134" to="138" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Kinetics of copper desorption from regenerated spent bleaching Earth</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wambu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Muthakia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Shiundu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wa Thiongo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Eurasian J Sustain Agric</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="317" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Microbial solubilization and immobilization of toxic metals: biogeochemical processes for treatment of contamination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10. 1016/S0168-6445(97</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">FEMS Microbiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="35" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Drying and rewetting effects on C and N mineralization and microbial activity in surface and subsurface California grassland soils</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Xiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Doyle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Holden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Schimel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/j.soilbio.2008.05.004</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Soil Biol Biochem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2281" to="2289" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Biosorption removal of cadmium from aqueous solution by using pretreated fungal Biomass culture d from starch wastewater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Yin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Yum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jin</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Ling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi:10.1016/ S0043-1354</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">400</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
