<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:01+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Cellulose-based virus-retentive filters: a review Human immunodeficiency virus 1 HPyV Human polyomavirus HSV Herpes simplex virus</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2017">2017</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guy-Alain</forename><forename type="middle">Junter Laurent</forename><surname>Lebrun</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Normandie Univ</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">UNIROUEN Normandie</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit3">INSA Rouen</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit4">CNRS</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>76000</postCode>
									<settlement>Rouen</settlement>
									<region>PBS</region>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G.-A</forename><surname>Junter</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Normandie Univ</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">UNIROUEN Normandie</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit3">INSA Rouen</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit4">CNRS</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>76000</postCode>
									<settlement>Rouen</settlement>
									<region>PBS</region>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Á</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lebrun</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Normandie Univ</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">UNIROUEN Normandie</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit3">INSA Rouen</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit4">CNRS</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>76000</postCode>
									<settlement>Rouen</settlement>
									<region>PBS</region>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Cellulose-based virus-retentive filters: a review Human immunodeficiency virus 1 HPyV Human polyomavirus HSV Herpes simplex virus</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="455" to="489"/>
							<date type="published" when="2017">2017</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1007/s11157-017-9434-1</idno>
					<note>REVIEW PAPER Ó Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht 2017 Abbreviations Virus species AiV Aichi virus BAdV Bovine adenovirus BKPyV BK polyomavirus BVDV Bovine viral diarrhea virus B19V Human parvovirus B19 CMV Cytomegalovirus CPV Canine parvovirus CVB3 Coxsackievirus B3 EMCV Encephalomyocarditis virus EV Human enterovirus E-11 Human echovirus (enteric cytopathogenic human orphan virus) type 11 ØX174, T2, T4, P22 Enterobacteria phages Ø6 Pseudomonas phage HAdV Human adenovirus HAstV Human astrovirus HAV Hepatitis A virus HCV Hepatitis C virus HIV-1 123</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Cellulose filter media</term>
					<term>Virus filtration</term>
					<term>Viral clearance</term>
					<term>Adsorption-elution method</term>
					<term>Filtering facepieces</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Abstract Viral filtration is a critical step in the purification of biologics and in the monitoring of microbiological water quality. Viral filters are also essential protection elements against airborne viral particles. The present review first focuses on cellulosebased filter media currently used for size-exclusion and/or adsorptive filtration of viruses from biopharmaceutical and environmental water samples. Data from spiking studies quantifying the viral filtration performance of cellulosic filters are detailed, i.e., first, the virus reduction capacity of regenerated cellulose hollow fiber filters in the manufacturing process of blood products and, second, the efficiency of virus recovery/concentration from water samples by the viradel (virus adsorption-elution) method using charge modified, electropositive cellulosic filters or conventional electronegative cellulose ester microfilters. Viral analysis of field water samples by the viradel technique is also surveyed. This review then describes cellulose-based filter media used in individual protection equipment against airborne viral pathogens, presenting innovative filtration media with virucidal properties. Some pros and cons of cellulosic viral filters and perspectives for cellulose-based materials in viral filtration are underlined in the review.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Abstract Viral filtration is a critical step in the purification of biologics and in the monitoring of microbiological water quality. Viral filters are also essential protection elements against airborne viral particles. The present review first focuses on cellulosebased filter media currently used for size-exclusion and/or adsorptive filtration of viruses from biopharmaceutical and environmental water samples. Data from spiking studies quantifying the viral filtration performance of cellulosic filters are detailed, i.e., first, the virus reduction capacity of regenerated cellulose hollow fiber filters in the manufacturing process of blood products and, second, the efficiency of virus recovery/concentration from water samples by the viradel (virus adsorption-elution) method using charge modified, electropositive cellulosic filters or conventional electronegative cellulose ester microfilters. Viral analysis of field water samples by the viradel technique is also surveyed. This review then describes cellulose-based filter media used in individual protection equipment against airborne viral pathogens, presenting innovative filtration media with virucidal properties. Some pros and cons of cellulosic viral filters and perspectives for cellulose-based materials in viral filtration are underlined in the review. Virus capture/purification/concentration is critical in a number of biopharmaceutical and clinical applications. Validation of virus clearance is essential in the manufacture of therapeutic proteins, in particular blood products <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">(Bryant and Klein 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b86">Klamroth et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b48">de Mendoza et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b126">Radosevich and Burnouf 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b148">Shukla et al. 2007</ref>). On the other hand, large-scale, efficient purification schemes of viruses/ virus-like particles are required for the production of prophylactic vaccines and gene therapy vectors <ref type="bibr" target="#b136">(Rodrigues et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b143">Segura et al. 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b144">Segura et al. , 2011</ref><ref type="bibr">Vicente et al. 2011a, b)</ref>. Virus inactivation technologies are commonly used to fulfil viral safety. They include physical (e.g., heat application, ultraviolet-and gamma irradiation) and chemical methods (e.g., solvent/detergent treatments) or their combination (e.g., exposure to photosensitizer plus UV light) <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">(Bryant and Klein 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b86">Klamroth et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b87">Klein and Bryant 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b117">Pelletier et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b124">Prowse 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b126">Radosevich and Burnouf 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b152">Solheim 2008)</ref>. Common methods for virus capture include filtration <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">(Charcosset 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr">Grein et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b100">Liu et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b168">van Reis and Zydney 2007)</ref> and chromatography in column or membrane configurations <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">(Charcosset 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b74">Gottschalk 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b100">Liu et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b114">Orr et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b168">van Reis and Zydney 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b144">Segura et al. 2011</ref>). Viral filtration is usually the final purification step in the downstream processing of biopharmaceutical products, e.g., monoclonal antibodies ( <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1)</ref>, following one or more chromatography ''polishing'' steps that contribute to the overall virus removal efficiency of the process before concentration of the purified product. Filtration technologies are also extensively used for the capture and concentration of waterborne viral pathogens <ref type="bibr" target="#b71">(Gibson 2014</ref>) from drinking, environmental, recreational or waste water samples <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr">Ikner et al. 2012</ref>). In addition, particulate air filters are used in personal respiratory protective equipment (i.e., face masks and respirators) <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">Cohen and Birkner 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b130">Rengasamy et al. 2004</ref>) to ensure shortrange protection of wearers against airborne pathogens-which include a number of viruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b155">(Tang et al. 2006</ref>)-and in air purifiers/cleaners to limit longrange aerosol transmission of infection in healthcare settings <ref type="bibr">(Hyttinen et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b155">Tang et al. 2006)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Keywords</head><p>Cellulosic membrane microfilters have been used routinely for ages in laboratories to perform the socalled ''sterile filtration'' (cold sterilization), i.e., the absolute removal of bacteria, yeasts and molds but not viruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b177">(Walsh and Denyer 2012</ref>) from heat-sensitive  <ref type="bibr" target="#b100">Liu et al. (2010)</ref> Rev Environ Sci <ref type="bibr">Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489 457</ref> liquid media. However, many virus filtration devices currently implemented are made from cellulose and its derivatives. Some eighty years ago, Gradocol, graded collodion (cellulose nitrate) membrane filters <ref type="bibr" target="#b53">(Elford 1931;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">Bauer and Hughes 1934)</ref> have been extensively used in ultrafiltration to estimate the size of several medically important viruses such as foot-and-mouth disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b68">(Galloway and Elford 1931)</ref>, vaccinia <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">(Elford and Andrewes 1932)</ref>, herpes <ref type="bibr" target="#b55">(Elford et al. 1933)</ref>, poliomyelitis <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">(Elford et al. 1935</ref>) and influenza <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">(Elford et al. 1936</ref>) (see also <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">Ferry (1936)</ref> for an exhaustive review). Later on, commercial mixed cellulose ester filters with very low pore size, namely VF (virus fine), VM (virus medium) and VC (virus coarse) grade filters produced by Millipore (Billerica, MA, USA-a subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany), have also been applied to virus ultrafiltration for grouping by size assessment (Hsiung 1965).</p><p>As part of a series of papers surveying the antiviral applications of polysaccharide-based materials, the present review focuses on viral filtration using cellulosic filter media-most of which are commercially available products that have been extensively tested over the past twenty years for the removal/concentration/purification of viral particles from liquid samples, i.e., biopharmaceutical (namely blood products) and environmental (raw or treated) water samples. The application of cellulose-based filters in individual respiratory protective devices protecting the wearer against airborne viral pathogens is also detailed. Polysaccharide-based chromatographic adsorbents for viral clearance or recovery/purification of viruses or virus-like particles will be presented elsewhere.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2">Viral filtration in the downstream purification processes of biopharmaceuticals</head><p>In the processing of biological products, virus removal from the product stream while providing maximum product recovery is a critical task. It is more particularly difficult to eliminate small viral particles such as parvoviruses, which may contaminate blood products and mammalian cell cultures used in the production of recombinant proteins <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">(Charcosset 2006)</ref>. Viral filters developed to answer this challenge are typically membrane (screen) filters ensuring a size-based rejection of viral particles via a sieving mechanism. Given the size of viruses, ranging roughly from 20 (Parvoviridae) to 400 nm (Poxviridae) <ref type="bibr" target="#b144">(Segura et al. 2011)</ref>, viral filtration stands between microfiltration and ultrafiltration among pressure-driven filtration processes <ref type="figure" target="#fig_1">(Fig. 2)</ref>, though it is frequently but incorrectly (van Reis and Zydney 2007) classified as nanofiltration <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">(Burnouf et al. 2005</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1">Regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (HF) membrane filters</head><p>Common virus filtration membranes are made from poly(ethersulfone) (PES), poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF), and regenerated cellulose <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">(Burnouf and Radosevich 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">Carter and Lutz 2002;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b100">Liu et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b168">van Reis and Zydney 2007)</ref>. Among the latter, the commercial Planova TM filters (Asahi Kasei Medical, Tokyo, Japan) have been widely used to clear viruses from biologically produced pharmaceuticals, in particular blood products. Planova filters are composed of cuprammonium regenerated cellulose HF (Bemberg TM cupro fibers), prepared from cellulose cuprammonium spinning solution via microphase separation under precise spinning conditions <ref type="bibr">(Tsurumi et al. 1990b, c)</ref>. The wall of each HF has a threedimensional web structure of pores consisting of large, bulky void pores interconnected by fine capillaries <ref type="bibr">(Tsurumi et al. 1990a, b, c)</ref>  <ref type="figure">(Fig. 3)</ref>. During filtration, as the feed solution containing the product of interest is circulated through the HF bore, viruses accumulate in the large, bulky void pores of the fiber network while the product solution passes through the capillary pores. Since the HF wall is several tens of micrometers thick <ref type="figure" target="#fig_3">(Fig. 4)</ref>, viruses are captured gradually inside the porous structure that can be considered multi-layered (100-200 layers) <ref type="bibr">(Hongo-Hirasaki et al. 2006)</ref>. Hence, Planova filters behave like ''membrane depth filters'' <ref type="bibr" target="#b177">(Walsh and Denyer 2012)</ref> operating on the basis of size exclusion. They offer a choice of 4 nominal mean pore sizes, namely 15 nm (15N), 19 nm (20N), 35 nm (35N) and 72 nm (75N)-the large pore 75N model being essentially used as a prefilter to remove impurities or aggregates prior to final virus filtration-and can be operated in normal (dead-end/flow through) or tangential flow (cross flow) filtration mode <ref type="bibr" target="#b118">(Phillips et al. 2007)</ref>.</p><p>Planova filters have emerged to answer a publichealth problem of worldwide magnitude, i.e., blood contamination by HIV <ref type="bibr" target="#b106">(Hamamoto et al. 1989;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b106">Manabe et al. 1989</ref>) and hepatitis viruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b190">(Yuasa et al. 1991;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b145">Sekiguchi et al. 1989</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b146">Sekiguchi et al. , 1990</ref>. <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> gives examples of viral clearance studies assessing the capacity of Planova filters to remove viruses from blood products. In these viral clearance assays, product streams resulting from successive, scaleddown purification steps representative of the manufacturing process of the product <ref type="bibr" target="#b90">(Kundu and Reindel 2007)</ref>, were artificially contaminated (''spiked'') with model viruses of different sizes <ref type="table" target="#tab_3">(Table 2</ref>) (at much higher concentrations than what might be commonly found in the product intermediate) before being submitted to filtration. The virus removal efficiency of the filtration step was expressed as LRV (log reduction value, i.e., log ratio of the viral load in the spiked product feed stream to that recovered in the product filtrate), which implies that residual virus infectivity can never be reduced to zero but may be greatly reduced mathematically <ref type="bibr">(ICH 1999)</ref>. Minimum LRV values were most frequently given. They were estimated when no viruses could be detected in filtered samples taking into account the detection limit of the assay (viral titer estimated as 1 infectious unit per sample volume). From the measured LRVs, the filtration operation is usually classified as effective (LRV [ 4), moderately effective (1 \ LRV \ 4) or  </p><formula xml:id="formula_0">) 35N (DE) \1.0 - - - 1.5 - [5.3 - [4.9 Furuya et al. (2006) 20N (DE) 4.9 - [5.1 [3.4 [5.8 - [4.6 - [4.0 Coagulation factor VIII (Beriate Ò ) 20N - 3.4 - C5.5 - - C5.8 C6.0 C7.2 Gröner (2014) Coagulation factor VIII (Factane Ò ) 35N ? 15N (DE) - - C6.1 C3.6 - - C4.1 C3.8 C4.9 Chtourou et al. (2007) Coagulation factor IX (Replenine Ò -VF) 15N (DE) - - - [6.0 5.7 - - [6.6 - Roberts et al.<label>(2010)</label></formula><p>Human normal immunoglobulin (Nanogam Ò )  <ref type="table" target="#tab_3">Table 2</ref> c Filtration step combined with pepsin treatment at pH 4Á4</p><formula xml:id="formula_1">15N (T) c [6.1 [3.4 - - [5.8 - [6.3 [5.4 [6.1 Terpstra et al.<label>(2006)</label></formula><p>d Experiments were performed in duplicate; the lowest LRV is given. The filtration step was combined with low pH (4.4) inactivation for enveloped viruses (BVDV, HIV, PRV) e Seven plasma proteins (and 2 types of Planova filters) were involved (mean LRV values are given)</p><p>ineffective (LRV \ 1) <ref type="bibr" target="#b118">(Phillips et al. 2007</ref>). Since filtration complements other viral clearance methods in the downstream processing of biotherapeutics <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">(Brorson 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b86">Klamroth et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b148">Shukla et al. 2007)</ref>, several studies quoted in <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref> also report LRVs for common virus reduction steps such as inactivation by pasteurization <ref type="bibr" target="#b86">(Gröner 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Gröner et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. 2007)</ref> or solvent/detergent treatment <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">(Dichtelmüller et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b159">Terpstra et al. 2006)</ref>, and chromatographic capture <ref type="bibr" target="#b86">(Gröner 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Gröner et al. 2012)</ref>. Virus removal during the plasma fractionation process <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">(Bryant and Klein 2007)</ref> leading from the crude plasma pool to the product (immunoglobulin here) stream has also been quantified <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">(Dichtelmüller et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b88">Koenderman et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b159">Terpstra et al. 2006)</ref>. Overall virus reduction factors obtained by addition of successive LRVs are given in these works, as illustrated by Table 3. In the virus spiking studies quoted in <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>, the actual viral filtration step was preceded by prefiltration to eliminate viral and/or protein aggregates that might be present in the spiked product solution. The presence of aggregated viruses may lead to overestimation of size exclusion effectiveness while contributing with protein aggregates to the fouling of viral filters, which reduces the membrane hydraulic permeability and may affect virus retention <ref type="bibr" target="#b118">(Phillips et al. 2007</ref>). Pre-filtration was performed on the spikevirus stock suspension <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">(Caballero et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Gröner et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b135">Roberts et al. 2010</ref>) on the product intermediate before virus inoculation <ref type="bibr">(Gröner et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b88">Koenderman et al. 2012)</ref>, and/or on the virus   <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">Koenderman et al. (2012)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" target="#b159">Terpstra et al. (2006</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. ( , 2007</ref> spiked material <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">(Chtourou et al. 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">Dichtelmüller et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b88">Koenderman et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b159">Terpstra et al. 2006</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. , 2007</ref>. For pre-filtration of the virus preparation, micro filters with a pore size adapted to the spike virus size, i.e., slightly lower than the virus size, were used to remove cell aggregates but not single viral particles-usual pore sizes ranging between 0.1 and 0.45 lm. Micro filters with 0.1-0.2 lm pore size <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">(Koenderman et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. 2007;</ref>, but also 75N <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">(Dichtelmüller et al. 2012</ref>) and 35N <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">(Chtourou et al. 2007)</ref>. Planova viral filters were used to pre-filtrate the spiked product solution. In the latter work, the association in series of 35N and 15N filters led to efficient removal of small viruses such as PPV <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">(Chtourou et al. 2007</ref>). This was not the case when 35N was used as the main viral filter after pre-filtration with 75N <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">(Dichtelmüller et al. 2012)</ref>, which confirms previous date showing that the 35 nm pore size was too large to retain the smallest viral particles <ref type="bibr" target="#b67">(Furuya et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hongo-Hirasaki et al. 2006</ref>). Both 20N <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">(Caballero et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b67">Furuya et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b86">Gröner 2014)</ref> and 15N <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">(Caballero et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b135">Roberts et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. 2007;</ref> Planova filters and their combination <ref type="bibr">(Gröner et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b88">Koenderman et al. 2012)</ref> showed effective virus removal over a wide range of viral particle sizes ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1)</ref>. As a general rule, the removal efficiency of the filters increased with the ratio of pore size to virus size, as illustrated by Gröner (2014) and <ref type="bibr" target="#b160">Terpstra et al. (2007)</ref>. This was also demonstrated by <ref type="bibr" target="#b135">Roberts et al. (2010)</ref> by filtrating poliovirus type 1 (a picorvanirus) through Planova filters manufactured with different pore sizes, ranging between 15 (LRV = 6.9) and 35 nm (LRV = 0.2). The two-filter combinations were globally more efficient than single filters at removing small viruses from spiked protein intermediates, though two 15N filters connected in parallel for tangential filtration <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">(Koenderman et al. 2012)</ref> yielded LRVs quite similar to those obtained using 15N alone <ref type="bibr" target="#b159">(Terpstra et al. 2006</ref>). Care should be taken when comparing vertically the data collected in <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>, however. In addition to the sizes of viral particles and filter pores, the results of such virus-spiking studies are dependent on a number of process parameters such as the filtration operating conditions (filtration mode, transmembrane pressure, volume per filter area, temperature…), the characteristics of the product feed stream (pH, conductivity, nature and concentration of the product…), or else the purity level and concentration of the virus spike. Moreover, several studies include pre-filtration <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">(Dichtelmüller et al. 2012)</ref> or viral inactivation <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">(Koenderman et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b159">Terpstra et al. 2006)</ref> in the calculation of LRVs. This variability in test conditions for filtration-based virus removal makes difficult any comparison between LRVs collected from multiple sources as in <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 1</ref>, even though some results <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">(Caballero et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">HongoHirasaki et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b135">Roberts et al. 2010</ref>) contradict its influence on filtration performance, underlining the robustness of the filtration process. Also, some variations in virus removal capacity may occur between commercial filter modules owing to their manufacture from different batches of HF, as illustrated by <ref type="bibr" target="#b135">Roberts et al. (2010)</ref>   biopharmaceutical purification to ensure removal of cell debris, large aggregates and contaminants from the product stream prior to purification processes such as column/membrane chromatography and viral filtration/inactivation steps <ref type="bibr" target="#b100">(Liu et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b168">van Reis and Zydney 2007;</ref><ref type="bibr">Vicente et al. Vicente et al. 2011a, b)</ref>. Commercially available depth filters currently employed in bioprocessing are composed of cellulose fibers with a porous inorganic filter aid and a resin binder, generally cationic. For instance, the Zeta Plus TM filter media (3 M Purification Inc.-formerly Cuno, Meriden, CT, USA) is composed of a cellulose fiber depth matrix containing silica-based filter-aid material and positively charged by chemical bounding of a cationic charge modifier <ref type="bibr" target="#b115">(Ostreicher 1991)</ref>. Varying retention ratings are available (0.1-1.0 lm). The triple layered A1HC filter media from EMD Millipore include two depth filtration layers (cellulose ? diatomaceous earth) of different grades and a 0.1 lm-pore-size microporous membrane pre-filter made of mixed cellulose esters (van Reis and Zydney 2007). Hence, these cellulosic depth filters rely on both size exclusion and electrostatic adsorptive binding to effect separation <ref type="bibr" target="#b100">(Liu et al. 2010)</ref>. In viral spiking studies <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">(Barnette et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">Dichtelmüller et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b193">Zhou et al. 2008)</ref>, they were found to retain viral particles whose surface is negatively charged over a wide range of pH as their isoelectric points (pI) range most frequently between 3.5 and 7.0, with a mean value of 5.0 ± 1.3 <ref type="bibr" target="#b111">(Michen and Graule 2010)</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3">Viral monitoring of environmental waters</head><p>Viruses are recognized as a major cause of waterrelated disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">(Bosch et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">Fong and Lipp 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b71">Gibson 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. 2011)</ref>. Enteric viruses, more particularly, which are associated primarily with gastrointestinal illness <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">(Bosch et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b63">Fong and Lipp 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b71">Gibson 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. 2011)</ref>, are implied in most waterborne viral outbreaks <ref type="bibr" target="#b71">(Gibson 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. 2011)</ref>. All types of water, including waters used for drinking (surface or ground supplies), recreational waters (fresh, marine, and swimming pool), agricultural waters for irrigation (rivers and groundwater) and waste waters (sewage or industrial effluents), have been shown to be potential vehicles for virus transmission <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">(Bosch et al. 2008)</ref>. Contamination is most frequently of fecal origin <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">(Bosch et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b183">Wong et al. 2012)</ref>. Although viral levels may be high at the contamination source, e.g., concentrations ranging between 10 5 and 10 11 virus particles per gram of feces are referred to in the literature <ref type="bibr" target="#b111">(Michen and Graule 2010)</ref>, viral concentrations as low as 1-10 viral particles per liter may be found in environmental water <ref type="bibr" target="#b78">(Julian and Schwab 2012)</ref>. Since enteric viruses display high infectivity <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">(Fong and Lipp 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b78">Julian and Schwab 2012)</ref>, such titers may constitute a health risk and should be detected for reliable surveillance of viral pathogens in water. As a consequence, efficient concentration methods are needed to capture viruses in large-volume water samples and release the retained viral material in concentrated form. Most common methods are based on filtration processes <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr">Ikner et al. 2012</ref>). In particular, virus adsorptionelution (viradel) filter methods have been widely implemented since the 1970s <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013)</ref>. Briefly, in a viradel method, viruses from aqueous samples are reversibly adsorbed to microporous filters and then eluted from the filters in a small liquid volume (APHA, AWWA and WEF 1998). Adsorbent filters carry electrical charges and virus retention occurs via electrostatic interaction rather than by size exclusion. In other words, viradel filters act as depth filters rather than sieves. Contrary to viral filters that retain viruses by a sieving mechanism to achieve complete viral clearance, their pore size lies in the microporous range, which allows the high flow filtration necessary for virus capture in large water samples. Positively or negatively charged filters can be used in a viradel procedure, among which those made of cellulosic materials have been dominant over the last few decades.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1">Electropositive filters</head><p>Since their pI is below the pH of natural water (i.e., around neutrality) <ref type="bibr" target="#b111">(Michen and Graule 2010)</ref>, the surface charge of most waterborne viruses is usually negative under normal environmental conditions. Hence, electropositive filters have been logically developed to concentrate viruses in water through electrostatic adsorption. Recently used as virus-retentive prefilters in IgG manufacturing processes <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">(Barnette et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">Dichtelmüller et al. 2012</ref>) (see above), the Zeta Plus TM S Series depth filter disks commercialized by 3 M Purification had also been  Obtained by lowering the pH of the protein solution (e.g. beef extract eluent) to 3.5  e Dialysis against PEG <ref type="bibr" target="#b127">(Ramia and Sattar 1979)</ref> f Precipitation with aluminium hydroxide <ref type="bibr" target="#b175">(Wallis and Melnick 1967)</ref>   <ref type="table">Table 5</ref> Spiking studies assessing the virus recovery efficiency of viradel concentration methods using electropositive microfilters of cellulosic nature (Zeta Plus </p><formula xml:id="formula_2">Pan-1 Pan-1/ PV-1 Pan-1 Pan-1 94 (n = 2) 73 (n = 2) 67 (n = 2) 64 (n = 2) Combined 38 (n = 2)/53 (n = 2) 19 (n = 2) 14 (n = 2)</formula><p>Huang et al. <ref type="formula">(2000)</ref> Table <ref type="formula">5</ref> continued See notes to See notes to <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">Table 4</ref> Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489 467         No.</p><p>[0     tested earlier for concentration of viruses in water samples of different origins <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">(Table 4)</ref>. More recent studies made use of Zeta Plus TM 1 MDS microfilters, however <ref type="table">(Table 5)</ref>. In these works, pure (e.g., distilled), tap, environmental or sewage water samples were seeded with varying enteric viruses that are common waterborne pathogens, i.e., members of the families Picornaviridae (polioviruses, coxsakieviruses, teschoviruses), Adenoviridae (adenoviruses), Caliciviridae (noroviruses, caliciviruses) and Reoviridae (rotaviruses) <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">(Fong and Lipp 2005)</ref>, or bacteriophages (enterobacteria phages) that are considered as alternative indicators of fecal contamination and as index organisms for the presence of enteric viruses in waters <ref type="bibr" target="#b73">(Goodridge and Steiner 2012)</ref>. Naturally contaminated waters containing sufficient levels of indigenous viruses, more particularly bacteriophages, were also used in addition to spiking studies sensu stricto <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">(Table 4)</ref>. Following sample filtration, viral particles adsorbed to the filter were eluted in concentrated form using a variety of eluting solutions, the most common eluent consisting of a slightly alkaline (pH 9.0-9.5) protein solution (i.e., beef extract), frequently buffered with glycine-NaOH or another amino acid solution (sometimes supplemented with salt to aid disruption of electrostatic interactions between viruses and filters <ref type="bibr" target="#b147">(Shields and Farrah 1983)</ref>, a chaotropic agent (e.g., urea) or a surfactant (e.g., Tween 80) to affect virus-filter hydrophobic interactions . Eluted viruses were quantified-using plaque titer assays, 50% tissue culture infectious dose (TCID 50 ), quantitative realtime PCR (qPCR) and reverse-transcription PCR (RTqPCR) (Hamza et al. 2011)-to assess the recovery efficiency of the filtration step by comparing to input titers. This efficiency depends on a number of process parameters including the filter type and filtration conditions (e.g., filtration rate and pressure), the elution buffer composition and eluting conditions, the nature, input titer and titration method of the tested virus-in addition to the water matrix characteristics that may affect virus quantification and filter performance <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">(Borchardt et al. 2013)</ref>. Hence, <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">Tables 4 and 5</ref> display a wide range of recovery yields.</p><note type="other">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489 471</note><p>In practical tests aimed at the detection of naturallyoccurring viruses in field, large-volume water samples, the filtration (adsorption-elution) step is usually a primary concentration step which is followed by a secondary one to reach the virus detection threshold, e.g., organic flocculation  or PEG precipitation <ref type="bibr" target="#b98">(Lewis and Metcalf 1988)</ref>. The recovery yield of such two-step concentration processes was evaluated in several studies using seeded or naturally contaminated water samples <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">(Tables 4, 5)</ref>. As a general rule, the viral loss due to secondary concentration was balanced by a huge increase in concentration factor allowing virus detection in water concentrates from large-volume samples, as reported by <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">Chang et al. (1981)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" target="#b128">Raphael et al. (1985)</ref> for indigenous enteroviruses in wastewater and rotaviruses in sewage-polluted surface water, respectively. After determining the optimal elution conditions for 1 MDS disk-adsorbed noroviruses following filtration of spiked distilled water samples, <ref type="bibr" target="#b93">Lee et al. (2011)</ref>  <ref type="table">(Table 5</ref>) applied the optimized procedure to the detection of noroviruses in environmental water. They combined adsorptive filtration using 1 MDS cartridge with organic flocculation to enrich viruses from largevolume surface (200 l) and ground (500 l) water samples. This integrated two-step process led to high volume reduction factors, i.e., 10,000 and 25,000 for surface and ground water samples, respectively (200-5009 for filtration, 509 for organic flocculation), but its recovery efficiency was not evaluated by spiking studies. In the same way, beside spiking a Ratio of the virus survival factor in the treated filter to that in the untreated filter, where the virus survival factor in a filter is the number of viruses recovered by elution from the filter divided by the number of viruses removed by the filtration process. b PF PP filter from commercial surgical mask (DuPont TM 01361N), CCF coarse pore cellulose filter paper (Whatman TM Grade 54, 22 lm pore size), FCF fine pore cellulose filter paper (Whatman TM Grade 50, 2.7 lm pore size) studies like those detailed in <ref type="table">Table 5</ref>, 1 MDS filter cartridges have been widely applied to concentrate enteric viruses in water samples of different origins <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">(Table 6)</ref>, ranging from large-volume samples of weakly contaminated water intended for drinking or drinking water production <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">(Borchardt et al. 2003</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">(Borchardt et al. , 2004</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b94">Lee et al. 2014;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b140">Sedmak et al. 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b169">Verheyen et al. 2009</ref>) to wastewater samples with high viral content-to assess the virus removal efficiency of wastewater treatment plants <ref type="bibr" target="#b91">(Kuo et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b149">Simmons et al. 2011)</ref>. In these tests of field water samples for enteric viruses, 1 MDS filtration was mainly combined with second-stage concentration by organic flocculation as detailed by <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">Fout et al. (2001)</ref> in the USEPA (United States Environmental Protection Agency) manual of methods for virology. The elution of filter-adsorbed viral particles was mostly performed with an alkaline beef extract solution supplemented or not with glycine (buffers EB3 and EB1 in <ref type="table">Table 5</ref>). The work by <ref type="bibr" target="#b169">Verheyen et al. (2009)</ref> is an exception to these common procedures. To concentrate viruses in small-volume samples from drinking water sources, these authors used two filter cartridges in series with no additional concentration step and an alkaline powdered milk solution as elution buffer. They found that 20% (3/15) and 13% (32/247) of surface and ground (well) water sources, respectively, were contaminated with adenoviruses, with very few samples positive to rotavirus (0/15 surface water samples, 6/247 well water sources). Despite the differences in virus concentration methods, these results compare with those obtained by <ref type="bibr" target="#b188">Xagoraraki et al. (2007)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">Cheong et al. (2009)</ref> for adenovirus detection in surface (14/58 samples, 24%) and ground water (4/29 samples, 14%), respectively. They also agree with data reported by <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">Borchardt et al. (2003)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">Cheong et al. (2009)</ref> showing the low contamination level of ground water by rotavirus. It is worth noting here, however, that the number of positive samples reported in these viral analyses of water (and the others quoted in <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">Table 6</ref>) is dependent on the sensitivity of the detection techniques used to assess the presence of viruses, i.e., nucleic acid-based amplification methods such as conventional PCR, reverse-transcription PCR (RT-PCR), nested PCR, real-time PCR/RT-PCR or integrated cell culture PCR (ICC/PCR) to determine virus infectivity <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">(Fong and Lipp 2005;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. 2011, Mattison and</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b107">Bidawid 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b181">Watzinger et al. 2006</ref>) with different detection thresholds.</p><p>It emerges from this glance at literature that cellulose-based electropositive filters are still commonly used for viral monitoring of water. These filters are expensive, however, and face competition with cheaper products, in particular nanoalumina fiber filters and glass wool filters <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b183">Wong et al. 2012)</ref>. The former, NanoCeram TM filters manufactured by Argonide Corporation (Sanford, Fla., USA), are composed of nanosized (2 nm diameter), alumina-based {mainly boehmite, cAlO(OH)} fibrilles dispersed in a microglass fiber matrix, resulting in an electropositive filter media with 2-3 lm average pore size <ref type="bibr">Kaledin 2005, 2006)</ref>. The latter consist of commercial sodocalcic glass wool coated with mineral oil (type Bourre 725 QN/TECH Loose Wool, Isover SaintGobain, Courbevois, France), hand packed into columns or filter holders in the laboratory <ref type="bibr" target="#b174">(Vilaginès et al. 1993)</ref>. These glass wool filters harbor electropositive sites while presenting hydrophobic surface characteristics. Efficient enrichment of (seeded or/ and) indigenous viruses from various water samples using NanoCeram <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">(Gibbons et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr">Ikner et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b116">Pang et al. 2012)</ref>, and glass wool <ref type="bibr" target="#b50">(Deboosere et al. 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b92">Lambertini et al. 2008;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b187">Wyn-Jones et al. 2011</ref>) filters has been reported in recent years (see also <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">Cashdollar and Wymer 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b183">Wong et al. 2012)</ref>. Compared with 1 MDS filters <ref type="table">(Table 5)</ref>, NanoCeram filters showed similar , slightly lower (McMinn 2013) or higher <ref type="bibr" target="#b79">(Karim et al. 2009</ref>) virus concentration efficiency.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2">Electronegative filters</head><p>Commercially available under different pore sizes (0.025-8.0 lm), mixed cellulose ester membrane filters are negatively charged over a wide range of pH values, their overall negative charge increasing with pH <ref type="bibr" target="#b83">(Kessick and Wagner 1978)</ref>. Microporous filters in the 0.1-0.45 lm pore size range have been used for ages in laboratory and industry for size-based filtration of bacterial particles and cell debris (surface filters). These and larger pore size filters have been shown to retain enteroviruses, however, despite the much smaller size of viral particles compared to the nominal mean diameter of filter pores <ref type="bibr" target="#b37">(Cliver 1968</ref>  <ref type="bibr" target="#b176">(Wallis et al. 1972)</ref>. Acidification of the viral suspension also improved virus adsorption efficiency, even in the absence of exogenously added salts <ref type="bibr" target="#b151">(Sobsey et al. 1973)</ref>. These early results were later confirmed by <ref type="bibr" target="#b103">Lukasik et al. (2000)</ref>, who investigated the influence of mono-, di-, and trivalent salts (NaCl, MgCl 2 , and AlCl 3 ) on the adsorption of poliovirus and enterobacteria phages to the MF-Millipore TM membrane filter type HA (0.45 lm pore size) and the electropositive 3M TM Zeta Plus TM 1 MDS microfilter at neutral or acidic pH. At pH 7, salts promoted virus adsorption to HA filter while affecting adsorption to 1 MDS filter. At pH 3.5, more than 95% of the viruses tested adsorbed to HA filter with or without salt added to the viral suspension-the salts interfering again with viral adsorption to 1MDS filter. Furthermore, the addition of urea or Tween 80 to the salt solution affected virus adsorption to both filters at pH 3.5 and HA filter at pH 7. In agreement with previous studies by the same group <ref type="bibr">(Haramoto et al. 2004</ref><ref type="bibr">(Haramoto et al. , 2005</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b103">Lukasik et al. (2000)</ref> explained these results by the antichaotropic effect of salts that increased hydrophobic interactions between filters and viruses and was impaired by the chaotropic agent or the detergent. At neutral pH, charge screeening by salt addition reduced electrostatic attractive and repulsive forces between viruses and 1 MDS or HA filter, respectively. Cation-mediated cross-complexation between negative groups on virus and filter surfaces <ref type="bibr" target="#b83">(Kessick and Wagner 1978)</ref> and, more particularly, strengthened hydrophobic virusfilter interactions contributed to improving the adsorption efficiency of HA filter. At acidic pH, viruses displayed a positive surface charge and their electrostatic interactions with HA filter switched from repulsive to attractive-and inversely for electropositive 1 MDS filter. The presence of salt probably affected these interactions but was balanced by the promoting effect of salt on hydrophobic interactions.</p><p>Hence, most tests reported so far for virus concentration from water samples using cellulose ester filters (essentially HA filters) have been performed after addition of multivalent cations (mainly Mg 2? ) to the water samples with or without pH adjustment to an acidic level. According to <ref type="bibr" target="#b80">Katayama et al. (2002)</ref>, the virus-loaded filters were rinsed with an acidic solution to eliminate remaining cations before elution with NaOH or other alkaline buffers. <ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. (2004</ref><ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. ( , 2005</ref><ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. ( , 2007a</ref> proposed a variation in the method that consisted in pre-conditioning the filter with Al 3? ions. Aluminum chloride was passed through the filter, making an electropositive ion coating, which avoided cation addition to the water sample. The recovery efficiency of both protocols has been evaluated by seeding water samples with enteric viruses and bacteriophages and quantifying eluted viruses <ref type="table" target="#tab_10">(Table 7)</ref>. Similarly to spiking studies <ref type="table" target="#tab_8">(Tables 4, 5</ref>) and viral analyses of field water samples <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">(Table 6</ref>) with electropositive filters, the HA-based filtration/elution process was frequently associated with a secondary concentration step to increase virus concentration factors. Here, centrifugal ultrafiltration (CU) using commercial Millipore (Centriprep Ò , Centricon Ò or Amicon Ò ) concentrators was the elective concentration method. These CU units contain a low adsorptive regenerated cellulose membrane (Ultracel Ò ) whose nominal molecular-weight cutoff ranges between 3 and 100 kDa-a MWCO value of 50 kDa being most frequently selected for secondary concentration of eluted viruses. They are routinely used in laboratories to purify and concentrate biomacromolecules such as peptides, proteins, and nucleic acids from small-volume biological samples (e.g., 2-15 ml for the Centriprep filter unit). Tested or not for virus recovery by spiking experiments, the combined concentration procedures have been extended to the detection of enteric viruses in field water samples including tap <ref type="bibr">(Haramoto et al. 2004)</ref>, sea <ref type="bibr" target="#b80">(Katayama et al. 2002)</ref>, river (surface) <ref type="bibr" target="#b64">(Fong et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. 2005</ref>) and waste <ref type="bibr" target="#b64">(Fong et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b81">Katayama et al. 2008</ref>) water <ref type="table" target="#tab_14">(Table 8)</ref>. Samples with different volumes were collected according to the water source, i.e., sample volumes increased as the expected contamination level decreased. For instance, <ref type="bibr" target="#b80">Katayama et al. (2002)</ref> applied HA filtration, followed by acid rinse of the filter, viral elution with NaOH and secondary concentration of the eluate by CU, to concentrate naturally occurring viruses (noroviruses, enteroviruses and HAV-hepatitis A virus) in seawater samples. Based on the volume reduction factor (2-l sample/2 ml final concentrate, i.e., 1000) and the recovery yield of the two-step process <ref type="table" target="#tab_10">(Table 7)</ref>, a virus concentration factor of 670 was reached. Only HAV virus was not detected in any sample tested. Later on, <ref type="bibr" target="#b81">Katayama et al. (2008)</ref> followed the same protocol to concentrate enteric viruses in the raw influent of a wastewater treatment plant. Samples of 100-ml volume were collected and submitted to the two-step concentration process, yielding a volume reduction factor of c. 140. The four tested kinds of enteric viruses were detected in all 72 wastewater samples but one lacking norovirus GI (NoV GI). Using PEG precipitation as the secondary concentration step, <ref type="bibr">Hamza et al. (2009)</ref> tested river water samples for contamination by enteric viruses and bacteriophages. A volume reduction factor of 5000 (10-l sample/2 ml final concentrate) and virus concentration factors ranging between 1000 (norovirus) and 5000 (adenovirus) (see <ref type="table" target="#tab_10">Table 7</ref> for recovery yields) were obtained. All 41 analyzed samples were found positive for enteric viruses. Human adenovirus and norovirus were detected in 97.5 and 32% of the samples, respectively. <ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. (2004)</ref> illustrated the ability of Al 3? -coated filters to concentrate viruses from large-volume freshwater samples without salt addition by detecting noroviruses in tap water from Tokyo University. Tap water samples (303-l average volume) underwent two successive filtration/elution steps using 293-mm and 47-mm diameter HA filters prior to concentration by CU (final volume: 0.9 ml), which ensured a volume reduction factor higher than 300,000. However, the virus recovery efficiency of the 3-step concentration process was not evaluated. Ten of the 98 tested samples were found positive for noroviruses. These results compare to those reported by <ref type="bibr" target="#b93">Lee et al. (2011)</ref>  <ref type="table">(Table 5</ref>) using 1 MDS cartridge with organic flocculation to enrich noroviruses from large surface and ground water samples.</p><p>Despite these promising data, the two viradel methods based on electronegative filters (i.e., addition of MgCl 2 to water samples or filter coating with Al 3? ions before filtration) have been essentially implemented for viral analysis of waters containing high amounts of indigenous viruses, requiring limited sample volumes <ref type="table" target="#tab_14">(Table 8</ref>)-electropositive filter cartridges being more adapted to virus concentration from large volumes of weakly contaminated water <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">(Table 6</ref>). Beside the above-mentioned work by <ref type="bibr">Haramoto et al. (2004)</ref>, only two studies among those detailed in <ref type="table" target="#tab_14">Table 8</ref> describe virus detection in environmental water samples with low viral content, namely drinking water sources after chlorination or without treatment <ref type="bibr" target="#b134">(Rigotto et al. 2010</ref>) and groundwater from artesian wells <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">(Chironna et al. 2012)</ref>. Both studies used small-volume samples and CU as secondary concentration step, yielding a modest volume reduction factor of 1000. Very few from 202 artesian well water samples were found positive to the tested enteric viruses: none for HAV and enterovirus, 1 for rotavirus and 4 for norovirus <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">(Chironna et al. 2012)</ref>. A large proportion (50%) of samples from drinkingwater supplies was positive to adenovirus, however <ref type="bibr" target="#b134">(Rigotto et al. 2010)</ref>. These data are compatible with viral analyses of groundwater and water intended for drinking performed using 1 MDS filtration as the first virus concentration step <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">(Table 6</ref>). It should be noted, however, that the same remark applies to data collected in <ref type="table" target="#tab_14">Table 8</ref> as to those in <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">Table 6</ref> concerning the numbers of virus-positive samples, i.e., their dependence on the virus detection method. This can be illustrated by the two following examples. Using ICC-PCR (measuring infectious viruses), <ref type="bibr" target="#b80">Katayama et al. (2002)</ref> detected enteroviruses in 4 of 6 seawater samples from bathing beach, but no sample was found positive by direct RT-PCR. De Paula et al. <ref type="formula">(2007)</ref> found 48/52 river water samples positive for HAV by quantitative real-time RT-PCR, but only 12/52 by nested RT-PCR.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.3">HF ultrafiltration</head><p>As attested by the large body of literature data quoted above, virus adsorption-elution methods using electropositive or electronegative filters are routinely applied to the primary concentration of waterborne viruses, each type of filter possessing its own advantages and drawbacks. Ultrafiltration is considered another filtration-based option to concentrate viruses from water samples <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr">Ikner et al. 2012)</ref>. It has been indicated earlier that CU with microconcentrators based on cellulose ultrafiltration discs is commonly used as a secondary concentration step following the viradel process. Hollow fiber ultrafiltration (HFUF), however, is considered a potential technique for primary concentration of viruses from large-volume water samples, yielding better virus recoveries than the viradel method performed with either electropositive or electronegative filters <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">(Cashdollar and Wymer 2013)</ref>. Commercial HFUF devices operated in cross-flow mode have been applied to the simultaneous concentration of biological particles, including viruses, spiked in tap <ref type="bibr" target="#b123">(Polaczyk et al. 2008)</ref> or reclaimed <ref type="bibr" target="#b101">(Liu et al. 2012)</ref> water samples, to virus recovery from seeded tap <ref type="bibr" target="#b133">(Rhodes et al. 2011</ref>) and estuarine <ref type="bibr">(Hernandez-Morga et al. 2009</ref>) water samples, and also, more rarely, to virus recovery from field water samples <ref type="bibr">(Grassi et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr">Hernandez-Morga et al. 2009</ref>). Most of these devices are dialyzers that contain synthetic HF made from polysulfone. Following the early work by <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">Belfort et al. (1976)</ref> showing that polysulfone HF membranes were superior to cellulose acetate ones for virus concentration, virus concentration experiments using HFUF dialyzers equipped with HF manufactured from cellulose are scarce. An example is given by <ref type="bibr" target="#b101">Liu et al. (2012)</ref>. They showed that the Exeltra Plus 210 cellulose triacetate HF dialyzer (Baxter Healthcare Corp., Deerfield, IL, USA) and the Optiflux Ò F200NR polysulfone dialyzer (Fresenius Medical Care, Walthamm, MA, USA) provided similar recovery efficiencies for MS2 and UX174 bacteriophages, Escherichia coli, Clostridium perfringens spores, and Cryptosporidium parvum oocysts from spiked 10-l and 100-l samples of reclaimed water.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4">Protection against airborne viruses</head><p>An array of viral infections can be transmitted by the airborne route, in particular via aerosols (droplet nuclei) <ref type="bibr" target="#b155">Tang et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b156">Tellier 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b170">Verreault et al. 2008</ref>). Even though virus inactivation rates in the atmosphere are generally higher than those of bacterial and fungal contaminants, virus-containing aerosols can spread worldwide <ref type="bibr" target="#b51">(Després et al. 2012)</ref>. The threat of viral outbreaks and pandemics such as those caused by SARS coronavirus <ref type="bibr" target="#b189">(Yu et al. 2004</ref>) and highly pathogenic strains of influenza A virus <ref type="bibr" target="#b156">(Tellier 2006)</ref>, allied with the fear of bioterrorism using viruses (e.g., smallpox and hemorrhagic fever viruses) <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">(Barras and Greub 2014)</ref> as biological weapons, has encouraged the search for efficient protection equipment against aerosolized virus-containing particles.</p><p>Individual respiratory protective devices consist in respirators, i.e., air-filtering face masks designed to protect the wearer against inhalation of a hazardous atmosphere (here airborne infectious aerosols)-opposing to surgical masks designed to protect the environment from contaminants generated by the wearer's exhaled breath (i.e., prevention of surgical infections) . Currently, most ''filtering facepiece'' (FFP) respirators have a multilayer composite structure with a central filtering layer displaying electret properties <ref type="bibr" target="#b76">(Gralton and McLaws 2010)</ref>. These electret filters <ref type="bibr" target="#b161">(Thakur et al. 2013)</ref> are produced by imparting an electrostatic charge to a nonwoven fibrous mat composed of synthetic polymer fibers such as poly(propylene) (PP) (mainly), poly(-butylene terephthalate), poly(tetrafluoroethylene) and poly(carbonate) fibers. Electrostatic charging of the filter media is commonly obtained by corona discharge, triboelectrification and electrostatic spinning <ref type="bibr" target="#b164">(Tsai et al. 2002)</ref>. Electret filters collect particles through the combined action of mechanical and electrostatic forces <ref type="bibr" target="#b121">(Podgórski 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b178">Wang 2001</ref>  <ref type="bibr">(CEN 2000)</ref> should retain respectively at least 95 and 94% of influent particles (NaCl particles are used as nonbiological surrogate particles) <ref type="bibr" target="#b131">(Rengasamy et al. 2009</ref>). First worn by surgical teams a hundred years ago to prevent bacterial contamination of patient's open wounds, early surgical masks were constructed from layers of cellulose materials, more particularly cotton cellulose (gauze) <ref type="bibr">(Haller and Colwell 1918)</ref> and derivatives <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">(Arnold 1938</ref>) (see also <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">Belkin 1997)</ref>. Much more recently, face masks made from cotton fabrics have been tested as alternative respiratory protective equipment against pandemic outbreaks such as influenza <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">(Dato et al. 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">Davies et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b132">Rengasamy et al. 2010)</ref>. Like respirators, current commercially available surgical face masks include several layers of non-woven fabrics with, frequently, a cellulose inner layer in contact with the wearer's face to improve wearer's comfort. However, the filtering layer, usually made of meltblown fibers <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">(Ghosh 2014)</ref>, is devoid of electret properties. Since particulate filtration is only mechanical, i.e., less efficient than that of respirators, most surgical masks are not certified for use as respiratory protective devices, standard tests to evaluate their filtration efficacy being less stringent <ref type="bibr" target="#b113">(Oberg and Brosseau 2008)</ref>.</p><p>While a number of studies have confirmed that surgical masks logically offer lower protection than respirators against aerosol particles, the effectiveness of both types of face masks at preventing viral respiratory infection, in particular influenza, is still a matter of controversy <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">(Bin-Reza et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">Cowling et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b76">Gralton and McLaws 2010)</ref>. The improper facial fit of respirators <ref type="bibr" target="#b39">Coia et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b182">Weiss et al. 2007</ref>) may affect their protection efficiency against infectious aerosols. It allows particulate flows outside the filtration area of the mask, resulting in face-seal leaks, i.e., the leakage of infectious particles around the edges of the mask <ref type="bibr">(Grinshpun et al. 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b96">Lei et al. 2013)</ref>. Mask seal leakage can be minimized by applying existing guidelines for correct donning and fit checking of respirators . Moreover, human face and head form models have been proposed as a tool for designing respirators with improved protection efficiency, simulating interactions between faces and facemasks and describing their fit <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">(Golshahi et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b95">Lei et al. 2012)</ref>. The accumulation of viral particles at the surface and within the filtration media of respirators, where they can remain viable and infectious for extended periods of time <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">(Coulliette et al. 2013;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b139">Sakaguchi et al. 2010)</ref>, is another significant problem with which respirator wearers are confronted in the prevention of viral transmission and spread. Incorrect mask handling by the wearer may lead to accidental self-inoculation, cross-contaminations affecting both other healthcare workers and patients, and contamination of fomites <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">(Casanova et al. 2008)</ref>. Furthermore, the risk of virus reaerosolization from respirators during extended use, if limited, cannot be ruled out <ref type="bibr" target="#b62">(Fisher et al. 2012)</ref>. Recommendations for respirator doffing do exist but have proven insufficient to prevent virus transfer from respirator to healthcare employees' hands and clothing <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">(Casanova et al. 2008)</ref>. Adding antiviral properties to the filtration process may contribute to limit the risk of viral transmission by improper handling of used respirators. A number of virucidal facemasks have been developed and patented over the past 15 years <ref type="bibr" target="#b162">(Tiliket et al. 2011</ref>  <ref type="bibr" target="#b46">(Davison 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b154">Stewart et al. 2014)</ref>. The outer layer absorbs infectious aerosol droplets and viruses are denaturated by exposure to citric acid. In the second layer, inactivation of viruses with damaged structures is completed by the virucidal effect of divalent metal cations. Contributing to the overall antiviral efficiency of the structure, the cellulosic component of this layer is a sulphated or sulfonated rayon fabric <ref type="bibr" target="#b153">(Stewart et al. 2012</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b154">(Stewart et al. , 2014</ref> to which a variety of viral human pathogens bind via the cationic sites of viral envelopes/capsids. Beside the commercial Biomask TM respirator, various composite structures designed for filtrationinactivation of airborne microbial contaminants, where cellulosic materials play an active antimicrobial role, have been patented in recent years <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">Bernard 2006;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b112">Nakamura and Nakamura 2011;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b168">Tsutsumi 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b191">Zhang et al. 2012;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b192">Zhong 2011)</ref>. Several of them are based on bacterial cellulose layers/coatings provided with an antimicrobial component, i.e., silver <ref type="bibr" target="#b192">(Zhong 2011)</ref> or zeolite-supported silver (Nakamura and Nakamura 2011) nanoparticles, and chitosan <ref type="bibr" target="#b191">(Zhang et al. 2012)</ref>. The respiratory protective mask described by Zhong (2011) comprises a three-layer bacterial cellulose membrane whose middle layer contains silver nanoparticles. The antimicrobial facemask invented by Nakamura and Nakamura (2011) includes two base cloth elements both of which are made of a woven textile (gauze), a nonwoven cellulose fabric (e.g., rayon), or a porous sheet (e.g., a 0.3-0.5 mm sliced sheet of urethane sponge). The first base cloth is filled with bacterial cellulose nanofibers that retain silver zeolite and a humectant (e.g., trehalose or 1,3-butylene glycol) in their network structure. Additional antimicrobial properties are provided to the mask by impregnating the second base cloth with a carboxylic acid (e.g., citric acid). <ref type="bibr" target="#b191">Zhang et al. (2012)</ref> also used bacterial cellulose in a composite antimicrobial material suitable for respiratory protective masks. A nonwoven polymer fabric <ref type="bibr">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489 479</ref> was coated with a film of bacterial cellulose mixed with poly(vinyl alcohol)-to improve the film-forming properties, mechanical strength and air permeability of the coating-and chitosan, a non-sulfated polysaccharide produced commercially by deacetylation of chitin that displays strong antibacterial potency <ref type="bibr" target="#b89">(Kong et al. 2010;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b125">Rabea et al. 2003</ref>) and, to a lesser extent, antiviral activity <ref type="bibr" target="#b125">(Rabea et al. 2003;</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b179">Wang et al. 2012</ref>).</p><p>In the antimicrobial air filtration device proposed by <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">Bernard (2006)</ref>, cellulose derivatives-more particularly, cellulose acetate phthalate (CAP), a common pharmaceutical excipient for enteric coating of tablets and capsules with antiviral activity <ref type="bibr" target="#b120">(Pirrone et al. 2011</ref>)-were used as ''biocidal prophylactic compounds'' to provide the classical filter media (e.g., a nonwoven PP web, electrostatically charged or not) with antimicrobial properties. Cellulose derivatives could be incorporated as fibers or particles (micronized fibers) into the air filtration device either in a separate layer positioned before or after the filter media, or deposited onto the outer surface of the filter media relative to the air flow direction. To illustrate this invention, handsheets prepared from CAP fibers intermixed or not with CAP particles were successfully tested for virucidal efficacy by exposure to an aerosol challenge of enterobacteria phage ØX174.</p><p>By exploiting the antimicrobial properties of dialdehyde polysaccharides such as starch and cellulose dialdehydes, <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">Baney et al. (2012)</ref> proposed a new method for producing low-cost virucidal filters suitable for respiratory protective masks. The treatment of a standard cellulose filter paper (Whatman TM Grade 50 filter paper) with sodium periodate improved its antiviral potency due to oxidation of some cellulose to dialdehyde cellulose inside the filter. Challenged with aerosols of MS2 enterobacteria phage at high relative humidity (90% at 23°C), the treated filter showed higher filtration efficiency than a control, untreated one, i.e., better removal of viable viral particles (Plaque Forming Units) joined to a lower resistance to air flow (pressure drop)-due to increased pore size distribution <ref type="bibr" target="#b184">(Woo et al. 2011</ref>). Higher inactivation of MS2 virus by the treated filter was also highlighted, confirming an improvement of its disinfection capability <ref type="bibr" target="#b184">(Woo et al. 2011)</ref>. However, the filtration and inactivation of airborne viruses were less effective at lower moisture content of the filter, i.e., at air humidity levels commonly encountered in hospital settings, in particular operating rooms <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">(Balaras et al. 2007</ref>). Furthermore, the inhalation resistance of the treated filter remained too high for application to respiratory protective masks. The same pros and cons apply to cellulose paper filters treated by immersion into aqueous suspensions of dialdehyde starch (DAS) <ref type="bibr" target="#b185">(Woo et al. 2012)</ref>. While this treatment did not affect the removal efficiency of viable MS2 viruses from aerosols at high relative humidity, virus survival on the treated filters was reduced <ref type="figure" target="#fig_12">(Fig. 5)</ref> and the pressure drop decreased as DAS concentration increased. The drop in air flow resistance remained insufficient for practical application to respirators. DAS treatment of a PP filter from a commercial FFP mask did not modify the filtration parameters (virus removal efficiency and pressure drop) of the filter but significantly improved its biocidal efficacy <ref type="figure" target="#fig_12">(Fig. 5</ref>)-an opening of this treatment towards the development of virucidal facemasks. Another example of cellulose filter material treated with cellulose derivatives to yield antiviral properties is given by Tsurumi <ref type="bibr" target="#b168">(Tsutsumi 2009</ref>). This inventor devised a low-cost virucidal mask filter made of a standard cellulose nonwoven fabric impregnated with water extracts of sulfonated or aminated styrenegraft cellulose. To reinforce the water retention properties of the filter media, a superabsorbent resin such as poly(acrylic acid) was added to the graft cellulose extract before impregnation of the fabric or incorporated into a separate layer covering the impregnated fabric. Low (hydrogen ions from sulfonic acid groups) or high (hydroxyl ions generated by aminated groups) pH conditions inside the hydrated material were claimed to make it virucidal against influenza A virus and caliciviruses. The patent gives no illustration of such antiviral properties, however.</p><p>Studies published by <ref type="bibr" target="#b162">Tiliket et al. (2011) and</ref><ref type="bibr">CatelFerreira et al. (2015)</ref> present another type of cellulosebased material for airborne virus filtration in which a low-cost nonwoven cellulose material, i.e., commercial Kimwipes Ò (KW) wipes (Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc., Dallas, Tex.), was chemically modified by coating with a synthetic polymer, i.e., poly(ethylenimine) (PEI) <ref type="bibr" target="#b162">(Tiliket et al. 2011)</ref> or grafting of an antiviral agent, i.e., catechin <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">(Catel-Ferreira et al. 2015)</ref>. The filtration efficiency of the modified filter media was first tested on aerosolized T4D viruses (Enterobacteria phage T4, Doermann's strain T4D). Then the treated filter was inserted inside a commercial medical mask in place of its cellulosic layer (Kolmi M24001 mask, Kolmi-Hopen, Saint-Barthél-émy-d'Anjou, France), and the reconstructed mask was challenged with TD4 aerosols to evaluate its virus removal efficiency. Both treatments significantly improved the virus capture factor (ratio of upstream to downstream PFU contents) of KW cellulose wipes and of reconstructed commercial masks compared to original masks and to masks reconstructed with untreated wipes. In these studies, the breathability of reconstructed masks was not quantified, nor was the virus survivability on the modified filter media. However, additional filtration experiments using aerosols of influenza A virus (low pathogenic H5N2 strain) showed that challenged viral particles accumulated in PEI functionalized KW layers with no loss in number and infectivity <ref type="bibr" target="#b162">(Tiliket et al. 2011)</ref>. Thus these modified masks showed no virucidal effect, the PEImodified layers behaving like an electret media owing to the polycationic character of PEI. On the other hand, since catechin and catechin-grafted wipes showed antiviral activity against T4D viruses in liquid media <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">(Catel-Ferreira et al. 2015)</ref>, it may be assumed that part of viruses accumulated in excess in the treated wipes were inactivated by the polyphenol agent, i.e., the reconstructed masks were actually virucidal.</p><p>Despite these few examples, the use of cellulosic media in filtration devices aimed at the capture of airborne viral particles remains now very limited compared to filtration of virus-contaminated liquid samples. While patented, several cellulose-based, virucidal filter media designed for insertion in air filtering face masks have not been commercially developed yet.</p><p>Besides the wearing of personal respiratory protective equipment, another aspect of the fight against airborne infections lies in the decontamination of indoor air in healthcare facilities, and, more generally, of air processed through heating, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems in the built environment. High Efficiency Particulate Air (HEPA) filters are the primary technology used for particulate removal in these collective protection devices-allied with UV irradiation, ozonation or air ionization to yield indoor air decontamination <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">(Bolashikov and Melikov 2009;</ref><ref type="bibr">Jacob et al. 2013</ref>)-and may be complemented with a photytocatalyst such as TiO 2 to improve the inactivation of accumulated microorganisms <ref type="bibr" target="#b119">Pigeot-Remy et al. 2014)</ref>. Since HEPA filters are essentially made of glass fibers, they are beyond the scope of this review and their virus-retentive properties will not be detailed further.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5">Conclusion</head><p>Most frequently associated with other virus reduction (virus clearance of biopharmaceuticals) or concentration (viral analysis of water) steps, size-exclusion and/ or adsorptive (charge mediated) filtration is an essential tool to fight against viral contaminants in aqueous media. Owing to inherent properties of cellulose, including mechanical strength and hydrophilicity (that opposes protein adsorption and biofouling), allied with widespread availability and biocompatibility, cellulose-based materials are still widely present in viral filters. Developed commercially over the past thirty years, several cellulosic filter media have been and continue to be used for both routine analyses in laboratories and academic research studies aimed at improving the filtration performance, generating a wealth of data quantifying the efficiency of virus removal or recovery/concentration from biologic or water samples, respectively.</p><p>As concerns biopharmaceutical compounds, these data arise from validation studies of the filtration step performed by spiking intermediate biologic solutions (mostly blood proteins) from multistage purification processes with known titers of viral particles. Regenerated cellulose HF Planova filters N15-N35, operated in the dead-end mode as a single filter or two units in series, were shown to provide LRV values ranging between 4 and 7, on the average. Increasingly tested since their launching in 1989, these cellulosic filters compete with filter media made of synthetic polymers such as PVDF (e.g., Viresolve</p><p>Ò NFP-Normal Flow Parvovirus-from EMD Millipore; Ultipor Ò VF Grade DV20/DV50 from Pall Corporation, Port Washington, NY) or PES (e.g., Millipore Viresolve Ò Pro; Virosart Ò HS/HC/CPV from Sartorius Stedim Biotech, Aubagne, France). The hydrophilic nature of cellulose fibers is a definite advantage of Planova filters over others for virus removal from protein solutions, minimizing flux decline due to proteindominated filter plugging (cake formation) at constant pressure (normal-flow) filtration <ref type="bibr" target="#b129">(Rathore et al. 2014</ref>). However, they are usually operated at lower flow rate than filters made of synthetic polymers whose operating pressure is higher. Hydrophilic modified PVDF membrane filters designed for virus removal from high-concentration protein solutions at high flow rate are being developed by several manufacturers, including Asahi-Kasei (i.e., Planova TM BioEX filters, launched in 2009).</p><p>Many studies have also been reported to assess the virus concentration efficiency of the viradel method using spiked water samples, prior to the detection of waterborne viral contaminants in field water samples. In this method, cellulosic filters, whether positively or negatively charged, are used for adsorptive capture of viruses before virus recovery by elution with a lowvolume eluent. Electropositive filters are more particularly suitable for virus capture in low-contaminated, high-volume water samples, e.g., samples of groundwater or source water for drinking water production <ref type="table" target="#tab_9">(Table 6</ref>). Though routinely used, these filters are expensive and face competition with nanoalumina fiber filters (e.g., the patented Ahlstrom Disruptor Ò electroadsorptive filter) <ref type="bibr" target="#b97">(Levi 2011</ref>) and glass wool filters, which are cheaper. On the other hand, efficient virus adsorption by electronegative filters-the standard, cost-effective mixed cellulose ester membrane microfilters-requires impractical sample pre-treatment: their use is limited to viral analysis of highlycontaminated waters, for which small-volume samples are sufficient <ref type="table" target="#tab_14">(Table 8)</ref>.</p><p>Cellulose nanomaterials may represent a promising perspective for cellulosic materials in their application to viral filtration of liquid samples, yielding filtration membranes with higher mechanical strength, water permeability, surface hydrophilicicy and resistance to biofouling <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">(Carpenter et al. 2015)</ref>. <ref type="bibr" target="#b104">Ma et al. (2011)</ref> have presented a composite membrane consisting of an electrospun poly(acrylonitrile) nanofibrous scaffold deposited on a non-woven poly(ethylene terephthalate) support. This two-layered membrane was coated by a layer of cellulose nanofibers and tested for retention of MS-2 phages. At acidic pH, phage particles were adsorbed by the negatively charged cellulose nanofiber coating, yielding a LRV value [3.7. Later on, the same nanofibrous composite membrane was doped with cellulose nanofibers functionalized by grafting with poly(vinylamine) . MS-2 phages were adsorbed at neutral pH onto positively charged amino-modified nanofibers, with a LRV value of 4. <ref type="bibr" target="#b109">Metreveli et al. (2014)</ref> and <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">Asper et al. (2015)</ref> have presented a size-exclusionbased filter paper made of pure cellulose nanofibers for removal of swine influenza A and murine leukemia viruses, respectively. These non-woven materials could be tailored to ensure efficient virus retention (Gustafsson and Mihranyan 2016a). Self assembled into nanosheets to yield ''mille feuille'' structures, they showed efficient removal of parvoviruses <ref type="bibr">(Gustafsson et al. 2016b)</ref>: maybe a new filtration media for viral clearance?</p><p>A number of air filtration devices designed for individual protection against airborne viruses also include cellulosic materials. While published data on the filtration performance of cellulosic media for removal of viruses from air are scarce, industrial research is more apparent, in particular in Asian countries (China, Japan) where airborne pollution is a matter of great concern-the main objective being to add virucidal properties to the filtration media so as to inactivate accumulated viral particles. Therefore, some innovative media have been patented over the past few years with, however, no commercial development to date.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Fig. 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Fig. 1 A typical monoclonal antibody recovery process. Taken from Liu et al. (2010)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Fig. 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Fig. 2 The separation spectrum for filtration membranes. Adapted from Fröhlich et al. (2012)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>al. (2014), Chtourou et al. (2007), Dichtelmüller et al. (2012), Furuya et al. (2006) and Gröner et al.et al. (2007), Furuya et al. (2006), Gröner (2014), Roberts et al. (2010) and Terpstra et al.et al. (2006, Roberts et al. (2010), Terpstra et al. (2006), Koenderman et al. (2012), Caballero et al.et al. (2014); Chtourou et al. (2007), Dichtelmüller et al. (2012), Furuya et al. (2006), Gröner (2014), Gröner et al. (2012), Koenderman et al. (2012) and Terpstra et al.et al. (2014, Chtourou et al. (2007), Dichtelmüller et al. (2012), Gröner 2014 (2012), Koenderman et al. (2012), Roberts et al. (2010) and Terpstra et al. (2006, 2007)et al. (2014), Chtourou et al. (2007), Dichtelmüller et al. (2012), Furuya et al. (2006), Gröner (2014), Gröner et al. (2012),</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head>4 S</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Figures in parentheses are volume reduction factors (vol. filter eluate/vol. final viral concentrate)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>microfilters (pore size: 0.2 lm) are composed of an electropositive, charge-modified, fiberglass and cellulose medium. Flat filter discs are available in varying diameters (e.g. 47 and 142 mm). Cartridges are made of two layers of pleated medium and are available in double open-ended configurations (c. 25-cm length,3% (w/v) beef extract; EB2: 1 mM NaOH, pH 10.5 to 10.8; EB3: 1.5% beef extract, 0.05 M glycine; EB4, 3% beef extract, 0.4 M NaCl, 0.05 M glycine, pH 9.0; EB5: 1.5% beef extract, 0.05 M glycine, 0.01% Tween 80; EB6: 1.5% beef extract, 0.05 M glycine, 0.1% (w/v) sodium polyphosphate, 0.01% (</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>organic flocculation; PEGP, polyethylene glycol precipitation; CU, centrifugal ultrafiltration; Celite A/E, Celite adsorption/elution b Wastewater samples taken at different treatment stages of a full-scale municipal membrane bioreactor c The average volume, total number and number of virus-positive (for at least one virus type) samples are given d Positive samples according to total culturable virus assays (HAdVs, 53/125; NoVs, 25/125) e EV, human enterovirus; HAdV, human adenovirus; HAdV-A/-C/-F, human adenovirus species A/C/F; HAdV-40/-41, human adenovirus species F, type 40/41; HAstV, human astrovirus; HAV, hepatitis A virus; NLV GII, Norwalk-like virus (norovirus) genogroup II; NoV, norovirus; NoV GI/GII, norovirus genogroup I/II; PV-3, human poliovirus type 3; ReoV, reovirus (respiratory enteric orphan virus); RV, rotavirus; RV-A, rotavirus A f Human coxsackieviruses, echoviruses (enteric cytopathogenic human orphan viruses) and polioviruses</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_8"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>cellulose ester membranes; pore sizes: 0. 22 lm (GS); 0.45 lm (HA), 8.0 lm (SC). Filter diameters are given in parentheses b</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_11"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>added to the water sample before filtration according to Katayama et al. (2002); AlCl 3 : a solution of AlCl 3 was passed through the filter before water sample filtration, according to Haramoto et al. (2004). Ninety-mm diameter (Ø) filters were used, except in Tong et al. (2011) (Ø = 47 mm), Hamza et al. (2009) and Rigotto et al. (2010) (Ø = 142 mm), and Haramoto et al. (2004) (Ø = 293 mm ? Ø = 47 mm). In both methods, filters were rinsed with 0.1 mM NaOH (pH 10.8). In parentheses, secondary concentration step applied: CU, centrifugal ultrafiltration; PEGP,volume, total number and number of virus-positive (for at least one virus type in a mixture of viruses or for a given virus type) samples are given e BAdV, bovine adenovirus; EV (human enterovirus); HAdV, human adenovirus; HPyV, human polyomavirus; HAstV, human astrovirus; HAV, hepatitis A virus; NoV, norovirus; NoV GI/GII/GIV, norovirus genogroup I/II/IV; NV GI/GII, Norwalk virus (norovirus) genogroup I/II; PMMoV, pepper mild mottle virus; RV, rotavirus; RV-A, rotavirus A; SaV, sapovirus (Sapporo-like virus); TTV, torque teno virus f AiV, (Aichi virus), BKPyV (BK polyomavirus), EVs, HAdVs, JCPyV (JC polyomavirus), NoV GI/GII/GIV, RV-</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_12"><head>Fig. 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Fig. 5 Relative survivability a (RS) of MS2 viruses on filters b treated with different concentrations of DAS suspension. Error bars (n = 3) are shown. Taken from Woo et al. (2012).</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Cellulose filter media Á Virus filtration Á Viral clearance Á Adsorption-elution method Á Filtering facepieces</figDesc><table>Abbreviations 
Virus species 
AiV 
Aichi virus 
BAdV 
Bovine adenovirus 
BKPyV 
BK polyomavirus 
BVDV 
Bovine viral diarrhea virus 
B19V 
Human parvovirus B19 
CMV 
Cytomegalovirus 
CPV 
Canine parvovirus 
CVB3 
Coxsackievirus B3 
EMCV 
Encephalomyocarditis virus 
EV 
Human enterovirus 
E-11 
Human echovirus (enteric 
cytopathogenic human orphan 
virus) type 11 
ØX174, T2, 
T4, P22 

Enterobacteria phages 

Ø6 
Pseudomonas phage 
HAdV 
Human adenovirus 
HAstV 
Human astrovirus 
HAV 
Hepatitis A virus 
HCV 
Hepatitis C virus 
HIV-1 
Human immunodeficiency virus 1 
HPyV 
Human polyomavirus 
HSV 
Herpes simplex virus HuNV GII.4 

Human norovirus genogroup II 
genotype 4 
JCPyV 
JC human polyomavirus 
MNV-1 
Murine norovirus type 1 
MS-2 
Enterobacteria phages 
NLV GII 
Norwalk-like virus (norovirus) 
genogroup II 
NoV GI/GII/ 
GIV 

Norovirus genogroup I/II/IV 

PadV 
Porcine adenovirus 
Pan-1 
Primate calicivirus 
PMMoV 
Pepper mild mottle virus 
PPV 
Porcine parvovirus 
PRV 
Pseudorabies virus 
PTV 
Porcine teschovirus 
PV-1 
Poliovirus type 1 
rAdV-5 
Recombinant adenovirus type 5 
vector 
ReoV 
Reovirus (respiratory enteric orphan 
virus) 
RV-A 
Rotavirus A 
SaV 
Sapovirus (Sapporo-like virus) 
SiRV-A/SA11 Simian rotavirus A/SA11 
SuHV-1 
Suid herpes virus 1 
TTV 
Torque teno virus 
WNV 
West Nile virus 

Other abbreviations 
CAP 
Cellulose acetate phtalate 
CCF 
Coarse pore cellulose filter paper 
Celite A/E Celite adsorption/elution 
CU 
Centrifugal ultrafiltration 
C1-INH 
C1 esterase inhibitor 
DAS 
Dialdehyde starch 
DE 
Dead end mode 
DsDNA 
Double stranded deoxyribonucleic acid 
E 
Enveloped 
EB 
Elution buffer 
FCF 
Fine pore cellulose filter paper 
FFP 
Filtering facepiece 
HEPA 
High efficiency particulate air 
HF 
Hollow fiber 
HFUF 
Hollow fiber ultrafiltration 
HVAC 
Heating, ventilating and air conditioning 
ICC/PCR 
Integrated cell culture/Polymerase chain 
reaction 
IgG 
Immunoglobuline type G 
IVIG 
Human intravenous immunoglobulin 

KW 
Kimwipes 

Ò 

LRV 
Virus reduction factor 
MDS 
Modularly Designed Software 
MWCO 
Molecular-weight cutoff 
N 
Nonenveloped 
OF 
Organic flocculation 
PEG 
Poly(ethylene glycol) 
PEGP 
Poly(ethylene glycol) precipitation 
PEI 
Poly(ethylenimine) 
PFU 
Plaque forming units 
PP 
Poly(propylene) 
PVDF 
Poly(vinylidene fluoride) 
Qpcr 
Quantitative real-time polymerase chain 
reaction 
RS 
Relative survivability 
RT-PCR 
Reverse-transcription polymerase chain 
reaction 
SARS 
Severe acute respiratory syndrome 
SsRNA 
Single stranded ribonucleic acid 
T 
Tangential mode 
TCID50 
50% tissue culture infectious dose 
USEPA 
United States environmental protection 
agency 
VIRADEL Virus adsorption-elution 

1 Introduction 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Virus reduction factors (LRVs) achieved by filtration with Planova filters in the manufacturing process of different blood products (confidence intervals not shown)</figDesc><table>Product 
Filter 

a 

Virus 

b 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>DE dead-end (normal) mode, T tangential mode. Filters were associated in series in DE and in parallel in T</figDesc><table>15N ? 15N 
(T) 

d 

[6.1 
[3.9; 
B4.1 

-
-
[5.8 
-
[6.3 
[5.4 [6.1 Koenderman 
et al. (2012) 

20N ? 20N 
(DE) 

d 

[4.3; 
B5.1 

[5.8 
[7.2 
[6. 
[6.4 

Human intravenous 
IgG (IVIG) 

35N (DE) 
-
-
\1.0 -
-
-
[4.9 
[5.2 [4.6 Dichtelmüller 
et al. (2012) 

C1 esterase inhibitor 
(C1-INH) (Cetor 
Ò ) 

15N (DE) 
-
[4.5 
-
[4.9 -
-
[5.5 
[5.6 [6.4 Terpstra et al. 
(2007) 

C1-INH 
20N ? 15N 
(DE) 

-
C7.2 
C5.3 -
-
C8.0 C5.3 
C5.1 C7.1 Gröner et al. 
(2012) 

Holotransferrin 
15N ? 15N 
(DE) 

-
[6.9 
-
[5.6 -
-
[7.5 
[6.3 [6.8 Koenderman 
et al. (2012) 

Plasma-derived 
proteins 

e 

15/20N 
-
-
4.9 
-
5.3 
C5.5 4.7 
C5.5 C5.3 Caballero 
et al. (2014) 

a b See </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="false"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Main characteristics of viruses used to evaluate the viral clearance efficiency of Planova filters</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>for 15N filters.</figDesc><table>2.2 Cellulose-fiber depth filters with inorganic 
filter aid 

Like membrane microfiltration, depth filtration is 
widely used as a clarification step in 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" validated="false"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Virus reduction capacity of the manufacturing process of Beriate</figDesc><table>Ò 

. Adapted from Gröner (2014) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" validated="false"><head>Table</head><label></label><figDesc></figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>See also APHA, AWWA and WEF Standard Methods for the Examination of Water and Wastewater, 20th edition, 1998, Parts 9510 C (Virus concentration from large sample volumes by adsorption to and elution from microporous filters)CVB3, coxsackievirus B3; PV-1, poliovirus type 1; RV-A, rotavirus A; SiRV-A/SA11, simian rotavirus A/SA11; MS-2, PR4, enterobacteria phages (sex-specific); ØX174, T2, T4, P22, enterobacteria phages (somatic coliphages); Ø6, pseudomonas phageAverage values are given (± , standard deviation; n, sample size); combined recovery yields were obtained by combining viradel filtration with a secondary concentration step</figDesc><table>d,e,f 

g 

, 9510 D (Virus concentration by aluminum hydroxide adsorption-precipitation) 

j 

, and 9510 E 

(Hydroextraction-dialysis with polyethylene glycol) 

h 

g 

Tap water was dechlorinated by addition of sodium thiosulfate 

h 

j 

k 

Calculated as (recovery yield) 9 (volume reduction factor) 

Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489 
465 </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_8" validated="false"><head>Table 4 e</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Celite Ò (Imerys Filtration Minerals, San Jose, CA, USA) diatomaceous earth powder was added to the filter eluent. Viruses adsorbed onto the diatomite particles were released in phosphate buffer (Dahling and Wright 1986)Addition of a simple aqueous solution of PEG to the (salt-containing) filter eluate (Lewis and Metcalf 1988; and references therein)Tap water was dechlorinated by addition of sodium thiosulfateHAdV-40, human adenovirus species F, type 40; HAdV-41, human adenovirus species F, type 41; MNV-1, murine norovirus type 1; HuNV GII.4, human norovirus genogroup II; genotype 4; Pan-1, primate calicivirus; PV-1, poliovirus type 1; MS-2, F-RNA coliphage; ØX174, somatic coliphage</figDesc><table>f 

g 

h 

j,k 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_9" validated="false"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Viral analysis of environmental water samples following virus concentration by the viradel procedure using 1MDS filter cartridges</figDesc><table>Secondary 
concentration 

a 

Water nature 

Samples 

c 

Detected viruses 

e 

References 

Vol (l) 

No. [0 

OF 
Groundwater (private household wells) 

1234 

194 5 
HAV, PV-3, RV-A, 
NLV GII 

Borchardt et al. (2003) 

OF or PEGP 
Groundwater (municipal drinking-water wells) 

1611 
48 24 EVs 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_10" validated="false"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Spiking studies assessing the virus recovery efficiency of viradel concentration methods by using: electronegative microporous membrane filters of cellulosic nature</figDesc><table>Filter type 

a 

Conditioning 

b 

Sample 
pretreatment 

c 

Elution 
buffer 

d 

Secondary 
concentration 

e 

Water nature 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_12" validated="false"><head>Table 7</head><label>7</label><figDesc></figDesc><table>continued 

Filter type 

a 

Conditioning 

b 

Sample 
pretreatment 

c 

Elution 
buffer 

d 

Secondary 
concentration 

e 

Water nature 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_14" validated="false"><head>Table 8</head><label>8</label><figDesc>Viral analysis of environmental water samples following virus concentration by the viradel procedure using Millipore HA mixed cellulose ester membrane filters</figDesc><table>Method 

a 

Water nature 

Samples 

d 

Detected viruses 

e 

References 

Vol. (l) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_15" validated="false"><head>Table 8</head><label>8</label><figDesc></figDesc><table>continued 

Method 

a 

Water nature 

Samples 

d 

Detected viruses 

e 

References 

Vol. (l) 

No. 

[0 

Primary/secondary effluents 

18/16 

18/2 

HAdVs, BAdVs 

Septic tanks 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_16" validated="false"><head>Table 8</head><label>8</label><figDesc></figDesc><table>continued 

Method 

a 

Water nature 

Samples 

d 

Detected viruses 

e 

References 

Vol. (l) 

No. 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol (2017) 16:455-489</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Grassi T, Bagordo F, Idolo A, <ref type="bibr">Lugoli F, Gabutti G, De Donno A (2010)</ref>   </p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human and bovine adenoviruses for the detection of source-specific fecal pollution in coastal waters in Australia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Ahmed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Goonetilleke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Gardner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4662" to="4673" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus concentration from small sample volumes by adsorption to and elution from microporous filters</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Standard methods for the examination of water and wastewater</title>
		<editor>Clesceri LS, Greenberg AE, Eaton AD</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Baltimore</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>United Book Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>AWWA (American Water Works Association), WEF. Part 9510 B</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new surgical mask-A bacteriologic air filter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Arnold</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1008" to="1016" />
			<date type="published" when="1938" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Removal of xenotropic murine leukemia virus by nanocellulose based filter paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Asper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hanrieder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Quellmalz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mihranyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="452" to="456" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">HVAC and indoor thermal conditions in hospital operating rooms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Balaras</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Dascalaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gaglia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Energy Build</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="454" to="470" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antimicrobial agent, method of preparing an antimicrobial agent and articles comprising the same</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Baney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Farrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>US 2012/0114724 A1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U.S. Patent Application Publication</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen safety profile of a 10% IgG preparation manufactured using a depth filtration-modified process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Barnette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hotta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Cai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Gall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hartwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Kent</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Willis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="247" to="253" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">History of biological warfare and bioterrorism</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Barras</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Greub</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Microbiol Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="497" to="502" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The preparation of the graded collodion membranes of Elford and their use in the study of filterable viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Bauer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hughes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gener Physiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="162" />
			<date type="published" when="1934" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus concentration using hollow fiber membranes-II</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Belfort</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Rotem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Katzenelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="279" to="284" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The evolution of the surgical mask: filtering efficiency versus effectiveness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Belkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Anti-microbial air filter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bernard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>US 2006/0021302 A1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U. S. Patent Application Publication</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The use of masks and respirators to prevent transmission of influenza: a systematic review of the scientific evidence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Bin-Reza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lopez</forename><surname>Chavarrias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Nicoll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Chamberland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Influenza Other Respir Viruses</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="257" to="267" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for air cleaning and protection of building occupants from airborne pathogens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bolashikov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Melikov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Build Environ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1378" to="1385" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incidence of enteric viruses in groundwater from household wells in Wisconsin</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Borchardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bertz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Spencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Battigelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1172" to="1180" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vulnerability of drinking-water wells in La Crosse, Wisconsin, to entericvirus contamination from surface water contributions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Borchardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Haas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hunt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5937" to="5946" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human enteric viruses in groundwater from a confined bedrock aquifer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Borchardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bradbury</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Gotkowitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cherry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Parker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environ Sci Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6606" to="6612" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ranking filter methods for concentrating pathogens in lake water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Borchardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kieke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Spencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5418" to="5419" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New tools for the study and direct surveillance of viral pathogens in water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bosch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Guix</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Pinto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="295" to="301" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Advances in viral clearance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Brorson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Process scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry</title>
		<editor>Shukla AA, Etzel MR, Gadam S</editor>
		<meeting>ess scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry<address><addrLine>Boca Raton</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="462" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen inactivation: the definitive safeguard for the blood supply</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bryant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Pathol Lab Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">131</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="719" to="733" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory and facial protection: a critical review of recent literature</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bunyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Jenkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Coia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Hosp Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="169" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nanofiltration of plasmaderived biopharmaceutical products</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Burnouf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Radosevich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Haemophilia</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="24" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Place of nanofiltration for assuring viral safety of biologicals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Burnouf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Radosevich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Goubran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Willkommen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Nanosci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="189" to="201" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Robustness of nanofiltration for increasing the viral safety margin of biological products</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Caballero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Diez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Belda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Otegui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Herring</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Roth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Gajardo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Jorquera</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cellulose nanomaterials in water treatment technologies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Carpenter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>De Lannoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Wiesner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environ Sci Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5277" to="5287" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An overview of viral filtration in biopharmaceutical manufacturing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Carter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lutz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Parenter Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="72" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus transfer from personal protective equipment to healthcare employees&apos; skin and clothing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Casanova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Alfano-Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rutala</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Weber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1291" to="1293" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for primary concentration of viruses from water samples: a review and metaanalysis of recent studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Cashdollar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Wymer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">115</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antiviral effects of polyphenols: development of bio-based cleaning wipes and filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Catel-Ferreira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tnani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hellio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cosette</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Lebrun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">212</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="7" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Positively charged filters for virus recovery from wastewater treatment plant effluents</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Farrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bitton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="921" to="924" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of astroviruses, enteroviruses, and adenovirus types 40 and 41 in surface waters collected and evaluated by the information collection rule and an integrated cell culture-nested PCR procedure</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Chapron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ballester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Fontaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Frades</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Margolin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2520" to="2525" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Membrane processes in biotechnology: an overview</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Charcosset</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Adv</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="482" to="492" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Photocatalytic oxidation for antimicrobial control in built environment: a brief literature overview</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Build Environ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1747" to="1754" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enteric viruses in raw vegetables and groundwater used for irrigation in South Korea</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cheong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7745" to="7751" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hepatitis A in Puglia (South Italy) after 10 years of universal vaccination: need for strict monitoring and catch-up vaccination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chironna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Prato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sallustio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Martinelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tafuri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Quarto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Germinario</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.biomedcentralcom/1471-2334/12/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">271</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A solvent/detergent-treated and 15-nm filtered factor VIII: a new safety standard for plasma-derived coagulation factor concentrates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chtourou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Porte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Nogré</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Bihoreau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Cheesman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Samor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sauger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Raut</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Mazurier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vox Sang</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="327" to="337" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus interactions with membrane filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Cliver</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Bioeng</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="877" to="889" />
			<date type="published" when="1968" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory protection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Birkner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Chest Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="783" to="793" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The healthcare infection society working group on respiratory and facial protection, guidance on the use of respiratory and facial protection equipment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Coia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Adisesh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Makison</forename><surname>Booth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Bradley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Bunyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Carson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Fry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hoffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Jenkins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Phin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Taylor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Nguyen-Van-Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Zuckerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Hosp Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="170" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Persistence of the 2009 pandemic influenza A (H1N1) virus on N95 respirators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Coulliette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Perry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Noble-Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2148" to="2155" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Face masks to prevent transmission of influenza virus: a systematic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cowling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dkm</forename><surname>Ip</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Aiello</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Epidemiol Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">138</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="456" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recovery of viruses from water by a modified flocculation procedure for second-step concentration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1326" to="1331" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simple respiratory mask</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Dato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Hostler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1033" to="1034" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">483</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Testing the efficacy of homemade masks: would they protect in an influenza pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Davies</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thompson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Giri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Kafatos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Disaster Med Public Health Prep</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="418" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen inactivation and filtration efficacy of a new anti-microbial and anti-viral surgical facemask and N95 against dentistry-associated microorganisms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Davison</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int Dent Austral Ed</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of viral concentration methods from irrigation and processing water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>De Keuckelaere</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Baert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Duarte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Stals</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Uyttendaele</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">187</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="294" to="303" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emerging viral infections-a potential threat for blood supply in the 21st century</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>De Mendoza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Altisent</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Aznar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Batlle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Soriano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="279" to="289" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hepatitis a virus in environmental water samples from the Amazon Basin</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>De Paula</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Diniz-Mendes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Villar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Luz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jesus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Da Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gaspar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1169" to="1176" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development and validation of a concentration method for the detection of influenza A viruses from large volumes of surface water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Deboosere</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Horm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pinon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gachet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Coldefy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Buchy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Vialette</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3802" to="3808" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Primary biological aerosol particles in the atmosphere: a review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Després</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Huffman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Burrows</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hoose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Safatov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Buryak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Frohlich-Nowoisky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Elbert</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Andreae</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Poschl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Jaenicke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.3402/tellusb.v64i0.15598</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Tellus B</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">15598</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effective virus inactivation and removal by steps of Biotest Pharmaceuticals IGIV production process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Dichtelmüller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Flechsig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Sananes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kretschmar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dougherty</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Results Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="19" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new series of graded collodion membranes suitable for general bacteriological use, especially in filterable virus studies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pathol Bact</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="505" to="521" />
			<date type="published" when="1931" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Filtration of vaccinia virus through gradocol membranes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Andrewes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br J Exp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="1932" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The filtration of herpes virus through graded collodion membranes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Perdrau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pathol Bact</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1933" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The size of the virus of poliomyelitis as determined by ultrafiltration analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Galloway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Perdrau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="135" to="141" />
			<date type="published" when="1935" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The sizes of the viruses of human and swine influenza, as determined by ultra-filtration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Andrewes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br J Exp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="1936" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory protective devices-particle filters-requirements, testing, marking</title>
		<idno>standard. CEN/TC 79</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">European Committee for Standardization</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">143</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>EN</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Committee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<pubPlace>Brussels</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effect of chaotropic and antichaotropic agents on elution of poliovirus adsorbed on membrane filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Farrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Shah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Ingram</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Natl Acad Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1229" to="1232" />
			<date type="published" when="1981" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ultrafilter membranes and ultrafiltration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ferry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="455" />
			<date type="published" when="1936" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reaerosolization of MS2 bacteriophage from an N95 filtering facepiece respirator by simulated coughing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fisher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Richardson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Harpest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hofacre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shaffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Occup Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="325" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enteric viruses of humans and animals in aquatic environments: health risks, detection, and potential water quality assessment tools</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Fong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lipp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microbiol Mol Biol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="357" to="371" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Quantitative detection of human adenoviruses in wastewater and combined sewer overflows influencing a Michigan river</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Fong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Phanikumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Xagoraraki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="715" to="723" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration and processing of waterborne viruses by positive charge 1MDS cartridge filters and organic flocculation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fout</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dahling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Safferman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Washington</forename><surname>Development</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Fröhlich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Villian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Melzner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Strube</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>EPA 600/4-84/013 (N14</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">USEPA manual of methods for virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="905" to="917" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Chem Ing Tech</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of rotavirus a in sewage samples using multiplex qPCR and an evaluation of the ultracentrifugation and adsorption-elution methods for virus concentration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fumian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jpg</forename><surname>Leite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Castello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gaggero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Msl</forename><surname>De Caillou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Miagostovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">170</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Implementation of a 20-nm pore-size filter in the plasmaderived factor VIII manufacturing process</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Furuya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Murai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yokoyama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Maeno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Takeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Murozuka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Wakisaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tanifuji</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tomono</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vox Sang</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="119" to="125" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Filtration of the virus of footand-mouth disease through a new series of graded collodion membranes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Galloway</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Elford</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br J Exp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="407" to="425" />
			<date type="published" when="1931" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Composite nonwovens in medical applications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ghosh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Composite nonwoven materials: structure, properties and applications</title>
		<editor>Das D, Pourdeyhimi B</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Woodhead Publishing Ltd</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="233" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of positively charged alumina nanofiber cartridge filters for the primary concentration of noroviruses, adenoviruses and male-specific coliphages from seawater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Gibbons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rodriguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Tallon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">109</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="635" to="641" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral pathogens in water: occurrence, public health impact, and available control strategies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="50" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A pilot study on the use of geometrically accurate face models to replicate ex vivo N95 mask fit</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Golshahi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Telidetzki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Finlay</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bacteriophages in health and disease, advances in molecular and cellular microbiology no. 24. CAB International</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Goodridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Steiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Hyman P, Abedon ST</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="167" />
			<pubPlace>Wallingford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Phage detection as an indication of faecal contamination</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bioseparation in antibody manufacturing: the good, the bad and the ugly</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Gottschalk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Prog</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="496" to="503" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration of coliphages from large volumes of water and wastewater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Goyal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Zerda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gerba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protecting healthcare workers from pandemic influenza: n95 or surgical masks?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gralton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mclaws</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="657" to="667" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparison of ZetaPlus 60S and nitrocellulose membrane filters for the simultaneous concentration of F-RNA coliphages, porcine teschovirus and porcine adenovirus from river water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Muehlhauser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Thériault</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">206</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Challenges in environmental detection of human viral pathogens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Julian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schwab</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="78" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">New electropositive filter for concentrating enteroviruses and noroviruses from large volumes of water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Karim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rhodes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Brinkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Wymer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fout</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2393" to="2399" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Development of a virus concentration method and its application to detection of enterovirus and Norwalk virus from coastal seawater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Katayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Shimasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ohgaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1033" to="1039" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One-year monthly quantitative survey of noroviruses, enteroviruses, and adenoviruses in wastewater collected from six plants in Japan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Katayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Haramoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Oguma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Yamashita</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Nakajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ohgaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1441" to="1448" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Organic flocculation: an efficient second-step concentration method for the detection of viruses in tap water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Katzenelson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Fattal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hostovesky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="638" to="639" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electrophoretic mobilities of virus adsorbing filter materials</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kessick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="268" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection and genetic analysis of human sapoviruses in river water in Japan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kitajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Oka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Haramoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Katayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Takeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Katayama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ohgaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2461" to="2467" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Relative abundance and treatment reduction of viruses during wastewater treatment processes-identification of potential viral indicators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kitajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Iker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pepper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gerba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sci Total Environ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">488</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="290" to="296" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen inactivation and removal methods for plasma-derived clotting factor concentrates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Klamroth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gröner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Simon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transfusion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1406" to="1417" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen-reduction methods: advantages and limits</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Klein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bryant</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">ISBT Sci Ser</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="154" to="160" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus safety of plasma products using 20 nm instead of 15 nm filtration as virus removing step</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ahl</forename><surname>Koenderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hgj</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Imm</forename><surname>Prins-De Nijs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Bloem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Stoffers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kempers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Derksen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Al</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Dekker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Over</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="473" to="481" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antimicrobial properties of chitosan and mode of action: a state of the art review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Xing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Food Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">144</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of viral clearance in purification processes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kundu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Reindel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Process scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry</title>
		<editor>Shukla AA, Etzel MR, Gadam S</editor>
		<meeting>ess scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry<address><addrLine>Boca Raton</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="419" to="448" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessment of human adenovirus removal in a fullscale membrane bioreactor treating municipal wastewater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kuo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Simmons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Blair</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Xagoraraki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1520" to="1530" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration of enteroviruses, adenoviruses, and noroviruses from drinking water by use of glass wool filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Lambertini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Spencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Bertz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Loge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kieke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Borchardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2990" to="2996" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of electropositive filtration for recovering norovirus in water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Paik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Jheong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ko</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Water Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="27" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incidence and molecular characterization of hepatitis a viruses in Korean surface water between</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Nam</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microbiol Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="342" to="351" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Headform and N95 filtering facepiece respirator interaction: contact pressure simulation and validation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Lei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhuang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Occup Environ Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="46" to="58" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simulation and evaluation of respirator faceseal leaks using computational fluid dynamics and infrared imaging</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Lei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhuang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Roberge</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Occup Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="493" to="506" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fluid purification media and systems and methods using same</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Levi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U. S. Patent Application</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">1</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Polyethylene glycol precipitation for recovery of pathogenic viruses, including hepatitis A virus and human rotavirus, from oyster, water, and sediment samples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Metcalf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1983" to="1988" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration of viruses from environmental waters using nanoalumina fiber filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Shi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Jiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="38" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recovery and purification process development for monoclonal antibody production</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Ma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Winter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Bayer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">mAbs</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="480" to="499" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hollow-fiber ultrafiltration for simultaneous recovery of viruses, bacteria and parasites from reclaimed water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Hahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Pan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Jothikumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Moe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="161" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rapid concentration of bacteriophages from large volumes of freshwater: evaluation of positively charged, microporous filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Logan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Rees</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Seeley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Primrose</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influence of salts on virus adsorption to microporous filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Lukasik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Andryshak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Farrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2914" to="2920" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ultra-fine polysaccharide nanofibrous membranes for water purification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Ma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Burger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hsiao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biomacromol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="970" to="976" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration of live retrovirus with a regenerated cellulose hollow fiber</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Makino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Okada</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Watanabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Sasaki-Iwaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Honda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Komuro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMM Arch Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">139</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mechanism of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) removal by regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (BMM)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Satani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yamashiki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hamamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Kobayashi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Yamamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Membrane</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Analytical methods for food and environmental viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mattison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bidawid</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Food Environ Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="122" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Optimization of adenovirus 40 and 41 recovery from tap water using small disk filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mcminn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">193</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="284" to="290" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A size-exclusion nanocellulose filter paper for virus removal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Metreveli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Wågberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Emmoth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Belák</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Strømme</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mihranyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv Healthc Mater</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1546" to="1550" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b110">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular detection and characterization of gastroenteritis viruses occurring naturally in the stream waters of manaus, central Amazonia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Miagostovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ffm</forename><surname>Ferreira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Guimarães</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fumian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Diniz-Mendes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Slb</forename><surname>Luz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jpg</forename><surname>Leite</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brazil. Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="375" to="382" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Isoelectric points of viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Michen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Graule</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">109</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="388" to="397" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Antibacterial mask, antibacterial filter for the mask, and antibacterial method using the mask or the filter. Japanese Patent No. JP 2011167226 A National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) (1995) 42 CFR Part 84: Respiratory protective devices; final rules and notice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Office of the Federal Register, National Archives and Records Administration</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>U.S; Washington</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="30336" to="30398" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Government Printing Office</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Surgical mask filter and fit performance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Oberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Brosseau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="276" to="282" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b114">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recent advances in bioprocessing application of membrane chromatography</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Orr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Zhong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Moo-Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Chou</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Adv</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="450" to="465" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b115">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Cationic charge modified filter media</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ostreicher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">981</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">591</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pre-analytical and analytical procedures for the detection of enteric viruses and enterovirus in water samples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Pabbarajua</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Gabosd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Craike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Payment</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Neumann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">184</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="83" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen inactivation techniques</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jpr</forename><surname>Pelletier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Transue</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Snyder</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Best Pract Res Clin Haematol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="242" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b118">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus filtration process design and implementation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Phillips</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bolton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Krishnan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lewnard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Raghunath</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Process scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry, biotechnology and bioprocessing series 31</title>
		<editor>Shukla A, Etzel M, Gadam S</editor>
		<meeting>ess scale bioseparations for the biopharmaceutical industry, biotechnology and bioprocessing series 31<address><addrLine>Boca Raton</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="333" to="365" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b119">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Survival of bioaerosols in HVAC system photocatalytic filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pigeot-Remy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lazzaroni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Simonet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Petinga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Vallet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Petit</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vialle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Guillard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Catal B Environ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">144</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="654" to="664" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b120">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The rise and fall of polyanionic inhibitors of the human immunodeficiency virus type 1</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Pirrone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wigdahl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Krebs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Antiviral Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="168" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b121">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Protection of the respiratory system against nanoparticles inhalation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Podgórski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Marijnissen JCM, Gradoń L</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>Springer</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="275" />
			<pubPlace>Dordrecht</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b122">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of 1MDS electropositive microfilters for simultaneous recovery of multiple microbe classes from tap water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Polaczyk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="260" to="266" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b123">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ultrafiltration-based techniques for rapid and simultaneous concentration of multiple microbe classes from 100-L tap water samples</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Polaczyk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Narayanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Cromeans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Hahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Amburgey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hill</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="92" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b124">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Component pathogen inactivation: a critical review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Prowse</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vox Sang</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">104</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="183" to="199" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b125">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chitosan as antimicrobial agent: applications and mode of action</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Rabea</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Met</forename><surname>Badawy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Stevens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Smagghe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Steurbaut</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biomacromol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1457" to="1465" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b126">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intravenous immunoglobulin G: trends in production methods, quality control and quality assurance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Radosevich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Burnouf</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vox Sang</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="12" to="28" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b127">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Second-step concentration of viruses in drinking and surface waters using polyethylene glycol hydroextraction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ramia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sattar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Can J Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="587" to="592" />
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b128">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rotavirus concentration from raw water using positively charged filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Raphael</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sattar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Springthorpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="131" to="140" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b129">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mechanistic modeling of viral filtration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Rathore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Arora</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lute</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Brorson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Shukla</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Membr Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">458</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="96" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b130">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory protection against bioaerosols: literature review and research needs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rengasamy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Zhuang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Berryann</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">32</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="345" to="354" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b131">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparison of nanoparticle filtration performance of NIOSH-approved and CE-marked particulate filtering facepiece respirators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rengasamy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Eimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shaffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Occup Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="128" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b132">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Simple respiratory protection-evaluation of the filtration performance of cloth masks and common fabric materials against 20-1000 nm size particles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rengasamy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Eimer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shaffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Occup Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="789" to="798" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b133">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of hollow-fiber ultrafiltration primary concentration of pathogens and secondary concentration of viruses from water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rhodes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Hamilton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>See</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Wymer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">176</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b134">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessment of adenovirus, hepatitis A virus and rotavirus presence in environmental samples in Florianopolis, South Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rigotto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Victoria</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Moresco</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Kolesnikovas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Corrêa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dsm</forename><surname>Souza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Miagostovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Cmo</forename><surname>Simões</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Crm</forename><surname>Barardi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">109</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1979" to="1987" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b135">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus removal from factor IX by filtration: validation of the integrity test and effect of manufacturing process conditions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Feldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Crombie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Lowery</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="303" to="310" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b136">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Purification of retroviral vectors for clinical application: biological implications and technological challenges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Rodrigues</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mjt</forename><surname>Carrondo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Alves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Cruz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">127</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="520" to="541" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b137">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The impact of combined sewage overflows on the viral contamination of receiving waters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rodríguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Gundy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Rijal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gerba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Food Environ Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="34" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b138">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparison of microporous filters for concentration of viruses from wastewater</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Singh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Gerba</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kelley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">47</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="989" to="992" />
			<date type="published" when="1984" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b139">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Maintenance of influenza virus infectivity on the surfaces of personal protective equipment and clothing used in healthcare settings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Sakaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Wada</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kajioka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Watanabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Nakano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hirose</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ohta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Aizawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environ Health Prev Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="344" to="349" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b140">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Nine-year study of the occurrence of culturable viruses in source water for two drinking water treatment plants and the influent and effluent of a wastewater treatment plant in</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Sedmak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Macdonald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Couillard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994-07" />
			<pubPlace>Milwaukee, Wisconsin</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b141">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1042" to="1050" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b142">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">487</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b143">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Downstream processing of oncoretroviral and lentiviral gene therapy vectors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Segura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kamen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Garnier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Adv</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="321" to="337" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b144">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Overview of current scalable methods for purification of viral vectors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Segura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kamen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Garnier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Viral vectors for gene therapy: methods and protocols</title>
		<editor>Merten OW, Al-Rubeai M</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Humana Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">737</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="116" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b145">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Possibility of hepatitis B virus (HBV) removal from human plasma using regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (BMM)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sekiguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ito</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kobayashi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ikeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Satani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yamashiki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Membrane</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="253" to="261" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b146">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An attempt to prepare Hepatitis B Virus (HBV)-free plasma by ultrafiltration using microporous regenerated cellulose hollow fiber</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sekiguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ito</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kobayashi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Ikeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Satani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transfus Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="211" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b147">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Influence of salts on electrostatic interactions between poliovirus and membrane filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Shields</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Farrah</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="526" to="531" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b148">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Downstream processing of monoclonal antibodies-application of platform approaches</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Shukla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Hubbard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tressel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Guhan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Low</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Chromatogr B</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">848</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b149">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Removal of human enteric viruses by a full-scale membrane bioreactor during municipal wastewater processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Simmons</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dhw</forename><surname>Kuo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Xagoraraki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2739" to="2750" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b150">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Poliovirus concentration from tap water with electropositive adsorbent filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Glass</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="201" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b151">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Concentration of enteroviruses from large volumes of water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wallis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Henderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Melnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="529" to="534" />
			<date type="published" when="1973" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b152">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogen reduction of blood components</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Solheim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transfus Apher Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b153">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Composition for use in decreasing the transmission of human pathogens</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fcn</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Kung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Von</forename><surname>Borstel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>US 2012/0060258 A1</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U. S. Patent Application Publication</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b154">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Devices and methods for decreasing human pathogen transmission</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fcn</forename><surname>Lau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Ryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Von</forename><surname>Borstel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U. S. Patent No. US</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2" to="2" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b155">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors involved in the aerosol transmission of infection and control of ventilation in healthcare premises</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Eames</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pks</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ridgway</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Hosp Infect</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="100" to="114" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b156">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Review of aerosol transmission of influenza A virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Tellier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1657" to="1662" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b157">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nanosize electropositive fibrous adsorbent</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Tepper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Kaledin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">U.S. Patent</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">838</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="7" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b158">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A high-performance electropositive filter</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Tepper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Kaledin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bioprocess Int</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="64" to="68" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b159">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral safety of Nanogam Ò , a new 15 nm-filtered liquid immunoglobulin product</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Terpstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Parkkinen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tölö</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ahl</forename><surname>Koenderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ter</forename><surname>Hart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hgj</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Von</forename><surname>Bonsdorff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Törmä</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Van Engelenburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fac</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vox Sang</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">90</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="32" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b160">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral safety of C1-inhibitor NF</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Terpstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kleijn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ahl</forename><surname>Koenderman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Over</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fac</forename><surname>Van Engelenburg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Schuitemaker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Van&amp;apos;t Wout</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biologicals</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="173" to="181" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b161">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electret air filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Thakur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Das</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Das</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sep Purif Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b162">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new material for airborne virus filtration</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Tiliket</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Le</forename><surname>Sage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moules</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Rosa-Calatrava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lina</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Valleton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Nguyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Lebrun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem Eng J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">173</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="341" to="351" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b163">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effective detection of human noroviruses in Hawaiian waters using enhanced RT-PCR methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Connell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Boehm</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Lu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5837" to="5848" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b164">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Different electrostatic methods for making electret filters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Tsai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Schreuder-Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Electrostat</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="333" to="341" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b165">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mechanism of removing monodisperse gold particles from a suspension using cuprammonium regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (BMM hollow fiber)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Osawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hirasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yamashiki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Polym J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="304" to="311" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b166">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structure of cuprammonium regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (BMM hollow fiber) for virus removal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Osawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hitaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hirasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yamashiki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Polym J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="751" to="758" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b167">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Structure and filtration performances of improved cuprammonium regenerated cellulose hollow fiber (improved BMM hollow fiber) for virus removal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tsurumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Osawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hitaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hirasaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Yamaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hamamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yamashiki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Yamamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Polym J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1085" to="1100" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b168">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mask and graft polymer extract. Japanese Patent No</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Tsutsumi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Van Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Zydney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Membr Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">297</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>JP</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b169">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of adenoviruses and rotaviruses in drinking water sources used in rural areas of</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Verheyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Timmen-Wego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Laudien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Boussaad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Koc</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Uesbeck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Mazou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Pfister</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2798" to="2801" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b170">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods for sampling of airborne viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Verreault</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Moineau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Duchaine</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Microbiol Mol Biol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="413" to="444" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b171">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Large-scale production and purification of VLPbased vaccines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Vicente</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Roldão</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Peixoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mjt</forename><surname>Carrondo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Alves</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Invertebr Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">107</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="48" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b172">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rational design and optimization of downstream processes of virus particles for biopharmaceutical applications: current advances</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Vicente</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jpb</forename><surname>Mota</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Peixoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Alves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mjt</forename><surname>Carrondo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Adv</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="869" to="878" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b173">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of an adsorptionelution method for detection of astrovirus and norovirus in environmental waters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Victoria</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Guimarães</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fumian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Ferreira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Vieira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Leite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Miagostovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Virol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">156</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b174">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Glass wool for virus concentration at ambient water pH level</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Vilaginès</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Sarrette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Husson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Vilaginès</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Sci Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="299" to="306" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b175">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virus concentration on aluminum and calcium salts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wallis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Melnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Amer J Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="459" to="468" />
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b176">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enterovirus concentration on cellulose membranes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wallis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Henderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Melnick</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="476" to="480" />
			<date type="published" when="1972" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b177">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Ayliffe&apos;s principles and practice of disinfection, preservation and sterilization, 5th edn</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Walsh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sp ;</forename><surname>Denyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Russell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">&amp;amp;</forename><surname>Hugo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Fraise AP, Maillard JY, Sattar SA</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>Blackwell Publishing</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="370" />
			<pubPlace>Oxford</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Filtration sterilization</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b178">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Electrostatic forces in fibrous filters-a review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Powder Technol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">118</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="166" to="170" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b179">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The antiviral activities and mechanisms of marine polysaccharides: an overview</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Guan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mar Drugs</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2795" to="2816" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b180">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Nanofibrous microfiltration membranes capable of removing bacteria, viruses and heavy metal ions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Guan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hsiao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Membr Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">446</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="376" to="382" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b181">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection and monitoring of virus infections by real-time PCR</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Watzinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ebner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Lion</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mol Asp Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="254" to="298" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b182">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Disrupting the transmission of Influenza a: face masks and ultraviolet light as control measures</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="32" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b183">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Application of enteric viruses for fecal pollution source tracking in environmental waters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Fong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Bibby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Molina</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Environ Intl</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="151" to="164" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b184">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of the performance of dialdehyde cellulose filters against airborne and waterborne bacteria and viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Woo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Rho</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ulmer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Welch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Baney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ind Eng Chem Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11636" to="11643" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b185">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Use of dialdehyde starch treated filters for protection against airborne viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Woo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Grippin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Baney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Aerosol Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b186">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A simple and novel method for recovering adenovirus 41 in small volumes of source water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Wu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rodriguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Stewart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Sobsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Appl Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">110</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1332" to="1340" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b187">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Surveillance of adenoviruses and noroviruses in European recreational waters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wyn-Jones Ap</forename><surname>Carducci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Cook</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>&amp;apos;agostino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Divizia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Fleischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gantzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Gawler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Girones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Holler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Husman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Amd</forename><surname>Kay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Kozyra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Lopez-Pila</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Muscillo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Nascimento</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Papageorgiou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rutjes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sellwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Szewzyk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Wyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Water Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1025" to="1038" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b188">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Occurrence of human adenoviruses at two recreational beaches of the Great Lakes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Xagoraraki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dhw</forename><surname>Kuo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rose</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl Environ Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7874" to="7881" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b189">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evidence of airborne transmission of the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Its</forename><surname>Yu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jhw</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dyc</forename><surname>Leung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Ho</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">350</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1731" to="1739" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b190">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The particle size of hepatitis C virus estimated by filtration through microporous regenerated cellulose fibre</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Yuasa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Ishikawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Manabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sekiguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Takeuchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Miyamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gen Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2021" to="2024" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b191">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Antivirus bacterial cellulose protective material and its preparation method. Chinese Patent No</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>CN 102321261 A</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b192">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Air filter type bacterial cellulose mask and production method thereof. Chinese Patent No. CN 101589854 A</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Zhong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b193">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral clearance using disposable systems in monoclonal antibody commercial downstream processing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Solamo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Shearer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tressel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biotechnol Bioeng</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="488" to="496" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b194">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Environ Sci Biotechnol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">489</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
