<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:02+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Reference Module in Life Sciences</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Qiang</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Saskatchewan</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Saskatoon</settlement>
									<region>Saskatchewan</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Volker</forename><surname>Gerdts</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">University of Saskatchewan</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Saskatoon</settlement>
									<region>Saskatchewan</region>
									<country key="CA">Canada</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Reference Module in Life Sciences</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/B978-0-12-809633-8.20928-X</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Classification</head><p>Transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) of pigs and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) are two porcine coronaviruses in the genus Alphacoronavirus of the Coronavirinae subfamily in the Coronaviridae family within the order Nidovirales. Based on sequence heterogeneity, PED viruses are tentatively categorized as "classical" and "emerging" strains. The classical strains include PED viruses identified between 1970s to 2010, whereas PED viruses isolated after 2010 are referred to as emerging strains. The emerging strains are further divided into "non-S INDEL (insertions and deletions)" and "S INDEL" strains on the basis of the spike (S) protein sequences and virulence in piglets. Another proposal classifies PED viruses into up to five genotypes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Virion Structure</head><p>The enveloped virions of coronaviruses are spherical and/or pleomorphic with diameters of 144.8 ± 7.2 nm for TGEV (PUR46-MAD strain) and 95-190 nm for PEDV (CV777 strain). Viral envelope contains the spike (S), membrane (M), and envelope (E) proteins. Homotrimeric S protein complexes form the distinctive "corona-like" structure on the surface of the virions. Within the envelope, there exists a nucleocapsid consisting of the nucleocapsid (N) protein and viral genomic RNA.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Genome</head><p>Both TGEV and PEDV have a typical genomic organization of coronaviruses. The positive-sense, single-stranded RNA genome is approximately 28 kb in length with a 5′ cap structure and a 3′ polyadenylated tail. The coding sequence is flanked by untranslated regions (UTRs) at 5′ and 3′ ends. The N-terminal two-thirds of the genome contain one major open reading frame ORF1a encoding replicase polyprotein pp1a. A -1 frameshift just 5′ to the stop codon of ORF1a gives rise to ORF1b encoding a much longer replicase polyprotein pp1ab. These polyproteins are cleaved into 16 nonstructural proteins (nsps) mostly involved in viral RNA replication. The rest 10-kb genome codes for structural proteins S, M, E, and N, as well as accessory proteins with various functions <ref type="figure">(Fig. 1)</ref>. TGEV encodes three accessory proteins, whereas PEDV encodes one.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Life Cycle</head><p>The life cycles of TGEV and PEDV consist of virion attachment and entry, viral RNA translation, viral RNA replication and transcription, virion assembly and release <ref type="figure">(Fig. 2)</ref>. Virion attachment to a host cell requires the interaction between viral S protein with cellular receptors. Aminopeptidase N (APN) is a major receptor for TGEV. However, whether APN is an essential receptor for PEDV is debatable. PEDV S protein can bind to sialic acid on the cell surface that may mediate virion attachment. After receptor binding, the S protein undergoes proteolytic cleavage that in turn induces membrane fusion and virion entry. Viral RNA with a 5′ cap structure and a 3′ polyadenylated tail serves as an mRNA that is translated by cellular translation machinery to generate viral replicase proteins pp1a and pp1ab. Replication and transcription complexes formed by these proteins produce both genomic and subgenomic progeny RNA species. Structural and accessory proteins are translated from subgenomic RNAs. Nucleocapsids formed by the N protein and progeny viral genomic RNA are enveloped in the endoplasmic reticulum -Golgi intermediate compartment with the involvement of S, E, and M proteins. The assembled virions are transported to the cell surface and released. Epidemiology TGEV, first described in 1946 in USA, has been detected all over the world. PEDV was first isolated in 1978 in Belgium and is widespread in Europe and Asia ever since. The appearance of PEDV in North America was reported in 2013 where the virus continues to circulate in swine herds and there is a potential for new PEDV strains to emerge.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Clinical Features</head><p>Both TGEV and PEDV cause enteritis in pigs with very similar clinical symptoms. Major clinical signs include vomiting, watery diarrhea, dehydration, and weight loss. The mortality rate can reach greater than 90% and is inversely related to the age of pigs.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Life Cycle</head><p>The life cycles of TGEV and PEDV consist of virion attachment and entry, viral RNA translation, viral RNA replication and transcription, virion assembly and release <ref type="figure" target="#fig_1">(Fig. 2)</ref>. Virion attachment to a host cell requires the interaction between viral S protein with cellular receptors. Aminopeptidase N (APN) is a major receptor for TGEV. However, whether APN is an essential receptor for PEDV is debatable. PEDV S protein can bind to sialic acid on the cell surface that may mediate virion attachment. After receptor binding, the S protein undergoes proteolytic cleavage that in turn induces membrane fusion and virion entry. Viral RNA with a 5′ cap structure and a 3′ polyadenylated tail serves as an mRNA that is translated by cellular translation machinery to generate viral replicase proteins pp1a and pp1ab. Replication and transcription complexes formed by these proteins produce both genomic and subgenomic progeny RNA species. Structural and accessory proteins are translated from subgenomic RNAs. Nucleocapsids formed by the N protein and progeny viral genomic RNA are enveloped in the endoplasmic reticulum -Golgi intermediate compartment with the involvement of S, E, and M proteins. The assembled virions are transported to the cell surface and released. Epidemiology TGEV, first described in 1946 in USA, has been detected all over the world. PEDV was first isolated in 1978 in Belgium and is widespread in Europe and Asia ever since. The appearance of PEDV in North America was reported in 2013 where the virus continues to circulate in swine herds and there is a potential for new PEDV strains to emerge.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Clinical Features</head><p>Both TGEV and PEDV cause enteritis in pigs with very similar clinical symptoms. Major clinical signs include vomiting, watery diarrhea, dehydration, and weight loss. The mortality rate can reach greater than 90% and is inversely related to the age of pigs.  Penetration and uncoating occur after the S protein-mediated fusion of the viral envelope with the plasma membrane. Following disassembly, the viral genome is released into the cytoplasm and immediately translated to yield replicases ppla and pp1ab. These polyproteins are proteolytically cleaved into 16 nsps comprising the replication and transcription complex (RTC) that first engages in the minus-strand RNA synthesis using genomic RNA. Both full-and sub genomic (sg)-length minus strands are produced and used to synthesize full-length genomic RNA and sg mRNAs. Each sg mRNA is translated to yield only the protein encoded by the 5'-most ORF of the sg mRNA. The envelope S, E, and M proteins are inserted in the ER and anchored in the Golgi apparatus. The N protein interacts with newly synthesized genomic RNA to form helical RNP complexes. The progeny virus is assembled by budding of the preformed RNP at the ER-Golgi intermediate compartment (ERGIC) and then released by the exocytosis-like fusion of smoothwalled, virion-containing vesicles with the plasma membrane. Reproduced from Lee, C., 2015. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus: An emerging and re-emerging epizootic swine virus. Virology <ref type="bibr">Journal,</ref><ref type="bibr">12,</ref><ref type="bibr">193,</ref><ref type="bibr">under</ref> BioMed Central license agreement.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Pathogenesis</head><p>Villous enterocytes in small and large intestine are the major target cells of TGEV and PEDV infections. Viral infection causes cell death that results in villous atrophy followed by malabsorption, diarrhea, dehydration, anorexia, and eventually animal death. The molecular mechanisms for pathogenesis are not very well understood. There is evidence to suggest that viral proteins, such as spike and ORF3 proteins may affect viral virulence. At the molecular level, TGEV and PEDV have been shown to modulate multiple cellular processes/pathways including endoplasmic reticulum stress, cell cycle, and mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Diagnosis</head><p>Because clinical signs cannot distinguish between TGEV and PEDV infections, additional assays are required for diagnosis. Common diagnostic assays include viral antigen detection by histoimmunochemistry and enzyme-linked immuosorbent assay (ELISA), viral RNA detection and genotyping by PCR and sequencing, virus isolation by cell culture, as well as antibody detection by serology.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Treatment</head><p>There is no specific treatment for TGEV and PEDV infections.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Prevention</head><p>Enhanced biosecurity procedures are a general means to contain the spread and prevent the entrance of viral infection in pig farms, but vaccination represents the most effective way in preventing TGEV and PEDV outbreaks. Because of high mortality in piglets, it has become a common practice to vaccinate sows in order to transfer lactogenic immunity to protect piglets from TGEV and PEDV infections. Live attenuated and inactivated virus vaccines have been developed for both TGEV and PEDV. Since the spike protein is the major immunogen, numerous technologies have been employed to express the spike protein. These include DNA vaccine, vectored vaccine, subunit vaccine, and dendritic cell-based vaccine. Experimental and commercial TGEV and PEDV vaccines are listed in <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref>.  Transmissible Gastroenteritis Virus of Pigs and Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Fig. 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Fig. 1 Genome organization of TGEV and PEDV. Genes encoding structural proteins are presented in yellow. Putative accessory genes are shown in green. Nonstructural proteins encoded by ORF1a/b are presented in blue. Abbreviations: TGEV, transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus; PEDV, porcine epidemic diarrhea virus; S, spike; E, envelope; M, membrane; N, nucleocapsid. Genomes have 5′ cap and 3′ poly A tail. Reproduced from Gerdts, V., Zakhartchouk, A., 2017. Vaccines for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and other swine coronaviruses. Veterinary Microbiology 206, 45-51, with permission.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Fig. 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Fig. 2 PEDV replication cycle. PEDV binds a cellular receptor such as pAPN via the spike (S) protein. Penetration and uncoating occur after the S protein-mediated fusion of the viral envelope with the plasma membrane. Following disassembly, the viral genome is released into the cytoplasm and immediately translated to yield replicases ppla and pp1ab. These polyproteins are proteolytically cleaved into 16 nsps comprising the replication and transcription complex (RTC) that first engages in the minus-strand RNA synthesis using genomic RNA. Both full-and sub genomic (sg)-length minus strands are produced and used to synthesize full-length genomic RNA and sg mRNAs. Each sg mRNA is translated to yield only the protein encoded by the 5'-most ORF of the sg mRNA. The envelope S, E, and M proteins are inserted in the ER and anchored in the Golgi apparatus. The N protein interacts with newly synthesized genomic RNA to form helical RNP complexes. The progeny virus is assembled by budding of the preformed RNP at the ER-Golgi intermediate compartment (ERGIC) and then released by the exocytosis-like fusion of smoothwalled, virion-containing vesicles with the plasma membrane. Reproduced from Lee, C., 2015. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus: An emerging and re-emerging epizootic swine virus. Virology Journal, 12, 193, under BioMed Central license agreement.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>S., Josephson, G., Mcewen, B., et al., 2002. Field validation of a commercial blocking ELISA to differentiate antibody to transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV) and porcine respiratory coronavirus and to identify TGEV-infected swine herds. Journal of Veterinary Diagnostic Investigation 14, 97-105. Choudhury, B., Dastjerdi, A., Doyle, N., Frossard, J.P., Steinbach, F., 2016. From the field to the lab -An European view on the global spread of PEDV. Virus Research 226, 40-49. Crawford, K., Lager, K.M., Kulshreshtha, V., Miller, L.C., Faaberg, K.S., 2016. Status of vaccines for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus in the United States and Canada. Virus Research 226, 108-116.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Vaccines for TGEV and PEDVLive attenuated vaccines (mono, bi-, and trivalent for TGEV, rotavirus, and E. coli ) Asia Recombinant proteins expressed in baculovirus, yeast, and plants; live attenuated vaccine Inactivated vaccines (mono, bi-, and trivalent for TGEV, rotavirus, PEDV and/or E. coli ); live attenuated trivalent for TGEV, PEDV, and porcine (China) PEDV North America Recombinant proteins expressed in yeast and baculovirus; DNA vaccine; infectious clone for live attenuated vaccine;Inactivated bivalent TGEV and PEDV vaccine (China, PEDV strain CV777); live attenuated trivalent TGEV, PEDV, and porcine rotavirus (China, PEDV strain CV777); live attenuated vaccines (Japan, PEDV strain 83P- 5; South Korea, PEDV strains SM98-1 and DR-13; Philippines, PEDV strain DR-13); inactivated vaccine (South Korea, PEDV strain SM98-1) Note: Gerdts, V., Zakhartchouk, A., 2017. Vaccines for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and other swine coronaviruses. Veterinary Microbiology 206, 45-51, with permission.</figDesc><table>Virus Region/country Vaccines in development 
Commercial vaccines 

TGEV North America Recombinant proteins expressed in baculovirus, 
yeast, and plants; live attenuated vaccine; DNA 
vaccine 

Live attenuated vaccines (mono, bi-, and trivalent for TGEV, rotavirus, 
and E. coli ) 

Europe 
Recombinant proteins expressed in baculovirus, 
yeast, and plants; live attenuated vaccine; DNA 
vaccine 

Inactivated vaccine; recombinant alphavirus-based vaccine 

Europe 
DNA vaccine 
Inactivated vaccine 
Asia 
Recombinant vaccines expressed in baculovirus, 
yeast, plants, Lactobaccilus casei, Salmonella 
typhimurium and others 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmissible gastroenteritis in pigs in south east Spain: Prevalence and factors associated with infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Cubero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Leon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Contreras</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Veterinary Record</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">132</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="238" to="241" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aminopeptidase N is a major receptor for the entero-pathogenic coronavirus TGEV</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Delmas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gelfi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>L&amp;apos;haridon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">357</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="417" to="420" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus: An overview of current virological and serological diagnostic methods</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Diel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lawson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Okda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">226</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Complete sequence (20 kilobases) of the polyprotein-encoding gene 1 of transmissible gastroenteritis virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Eleouet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Rasschaert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Lambert</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">206</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="817" to="822" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Coronaviruses: An overview of their replication and pathogenesis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Fehr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Perlman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Methods in Molecular Biology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1282</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vaccines for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and other swine coronaviruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Gerdts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Zakhartchouk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Veterinary Microbiology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">206</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="45" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lesions of the gastrointestinal tract of pigs infected with transmissible gastroenteritis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Hooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Haelterman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Comparative Medicine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="36" />
			<date type="published" when="1969" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection, sequence analysis, and antibody prevalence of porcine deltacoronavirus in Taiwan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Hsu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Chin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Archives of Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">163</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3113" to="3117" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular characterization and phylogenetic analysis of transmissible gastroenteritis virus HX strain isolated from China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Hu</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Li</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Tian</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Veterinary Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">72</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aminopeptidase-N-independent entry of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus into Vero or porcine small intestine epithelial cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ji</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Zhou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">517</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus infection: Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis and immunoprophylaxis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Jung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Saif</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Veterinary Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">204</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="134" to="143" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Completion of the porcine epidemic diarrhoea coronavirus (PEDV) genome sequence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kocherhans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bridgen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ackermann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Tobler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Genes</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="144" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lactogenic immunity and vaccines for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV): Historical and current concepts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Langel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Paim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lager</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Vlasova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Saif</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">226</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="93" to="107" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus: An emerging and re-emerging epizootic swine virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology Journal</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="166" to="172" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Virology</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aminopeptidase N is not required for porcine epidemic diarrhea virus cell entry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>He</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">235</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="13" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cellular entry of the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J M</forename><surname>Van Kuppeveld</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>He</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J M</forename><surname>Rottier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bosch</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">226</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="117" to="127" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evolution, antigenicity and pathogenicity of global porcine epidemic diarrhea virus strains</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Saif</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Marthaler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Coronaviridae, Fields Virology</title>
		<editor>Masters, P.S.P., Stanley</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Philadelphia</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Wolters Kluwer Health/Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">226</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="20" to="39" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>sixth ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of antibodies against transmissible gastroenteritis virus and porcine respiratory coronavirus among pigs in six regions in Japan</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Miyazaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Fukuda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kuga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Takagi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tsunemitsu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">The Journal of Veterinary Medical Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="943" to="946" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Viral and cellular mRNA translation in coronavirus-infected cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakagawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Lokugamage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Makino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Advances in Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="165" to="192" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Swine enteric coronavirus disease: A review of 4 years with porcine epidemic diarrhoea virus and porcine deltacoronavirus in the United States and Canada</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Niederwerder</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hesse</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transboundary and Emerging Diseases</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="660" to="675" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A new coronavirus-like particle associated with diarrhea in swine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Pensaert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">D E</forename><surname>Bouck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Archives of Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">58</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="243" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="1978" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">First retrospective studies with etiological confirmation of porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus infection in Argentina</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Pineyro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Lozada</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Alarcon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Veterinary Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">292</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Full-length genome sequences of porcine epidemic diarrhoea virus strain CV777; Use of NGS to analyse genomic and sub-genomic RNAs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Rasmussen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Boniotti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Papetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">193682</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus contains a spherical core shell consisting of M and N proteins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Risco</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Anton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Enjuanes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Carrascosa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">70</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4773" to="4777" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immunity to transmissible gastroenteritis virus and porcine respiratory coronavirus infections in swine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Saif</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Van Cott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Veterinary Immunology and Immunopathology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porcine aminopeptidase N is not a cellular receptor of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus, but promotes its infectivity via aminopeptidase activity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Shirato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Maejima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Islam</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of General Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2528" to="2539" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Porcine epidemic diarrhea: A review of current epidemiology and available vaccines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Moon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clinical and Experimental Vaccine Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="166" to="176" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emergence of Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus in the United States: Clinical signs, lesions, and viral genomic sequences</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Stevenson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hoang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Schwartz</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Veterinary Diagnostic Investigation</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="654" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vaccination of sows with a dendritic cell-targeted porcine epidemic diarrhea virus S1 protein-based candidate vaccine reduced viral shedding but exacerbated gross pathological lesions in suckling neonatal piglets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Subramaniam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Yugo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Heffron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of General Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="230" to="239" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of coronavirus antibodies in Iowa swine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wesley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Woods</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mckean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Senn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Elazhary</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Journal of Veterinary Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="308" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Virulence factors in porcine coronaviruses and vaccine design</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Zuniga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pascual-Iglesias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Sola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Enjuanes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virus Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">226</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="142" to="151" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
