<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:02+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Policies and Technical Guidelines for Urban Planning of High Density Cities -Air Ventilation Assessment (AVA) of Hong Kong</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Architecture</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Chinese University of Hong Kong</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Hong Kong SAR</settlement>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Policies and Technical Guidelines for Urban Planning of High Density Cities -Air Ventilation Assessment (AVA) of Hong Kong</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>INTRODUCTION</head><p>Hong Kong is one of the densest populated cities in the world. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Figure 1</ref>) High-density living has the advantages of efficient land use, public transport and infrastructure, as well as the benefits of closer proximity to daily amenities. The "sunk cost" of high-density living is that it is more difficult to optimize urban design for the benefits of the natural environment -daylight and natural air / wind ventilation. Good planning and building designs are critically important. It is opined that air ventilation in our city is generally not optimized. Stagnant or slow air movements are often experienced. It is important to initiate steps to improve the situation. Design and assessment tools are beneficial to assist the government, planners, engineers, architects, designers and industry stakeholders to better optimize air ventilation for our city. An underlying spirit of the study is to develop more scientific based urban interventions -conceptually described as a form of "urban acupuncture" -for enhanced, long-term quality of life in the high-density urban context of Hong Kong. The Study focuses on the fundamental mission: "How to design and plan our city fabric for better natural air ventilation?" There are calls from the community for measures to improve the quality of our urban living environment. Among the recommendations in the Team Clean Final Report <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref>, it is proposed to examine the practicality of stipulating air ventilation assessment as one of the considerations for all major development or redevelopment proposals and in future planning. Planning Department has been requested by Team Clean to discuss among Government departments and consult relevant professional institutes and stakeholders on the standards, scope and mechanism for application of an Air Ventilation Assessment (AVA) System.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY OBJECTIVES</head><p>The primary objective of this Study is "To explore the feasibility of establishing some protocols to assess the effects of major planning and development proposals on external air movement for achieving an acceptable macro wind environment".</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>HEALTH, COMFORT AND SARS</head><p>Health and comfort are inter-related. Both psychological and physical comfort are conducive to health. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has since 1948 defined it as: Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity. Whereas health (the immediate effects of the environment on a human's well being) is a consideration, the study should not neglect that the long-term well being of the inhabitants of the city has a lot more to do with comfort, both physiologically and psychologically.</p><p>Although the study was initiated by the Team Clean Report, the study had concentrated on what town planning could influence by taking SARS as a wake up call to establish the feasibility of an Air Ventilation Assessment (AVA) system for planning with a view to improving the general living environment, quality and sustainability of our city.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>WIND FOR WHAT? AND FOCUS of AVA</head><p>Outdoor thermal comfort could be achieved when the following factors are balanced: air temperature, wind speed, humidity, activity, clothing and solar radiation. For designers, it is possible to design our outdoor environment to maximize wind speed and minimize solar radiation to achieve comfort in the hot tropical summer months of Hong Kong. Typically, the desirable environment over the pedestrians is a balance between air temperature, solar radiation and wind speed. A higher wind speed might be needed if a pedestrian is only partly shaded, likewise, a lower wind speed might be desired if the air temperature is lower.</p><p>Taking into account the above "wind for what" considerations, various climatic and urban factors, and given Hong Kong's high density conditions, it is opined that, for planning considerations: Optimizing or maximising air ventilation through the city fabric is the focus of Air Ventilation Assessment (AVA). In general, "the more air ventilation the better" -save some isolated gust problems that in most cases could be dealt with locally. Given the natural wind availability of the site, a high probability of a gentle breeze at pedestrian level is a useful preliminary "criterion". Taking into account the general high density urban morphology of Hong Kong, and the macro wind availability, it is recommended that the city fabric should in general be as permeable and porous as possible. As such, the Air Ventilation Assessment System should be developed to encourage this permeability to happen.</p><p>To easily assist design and assessment, the above generic wind criterion has to be further appropriated and resolved. Practically, it is important for the study to develop a simple design indicator in order to "relate the desirable pedestrian level wind environment and the urban form". Based on this indicator, designers and planners will have an objective basis to evaluate and optimise their designs.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>STUDY METHODOLOGY AND MAIN TASKS</head><p>"Find the problem, else one risks solving the wrong one". This was the opening sentence of Prof Mat Santamouris when he was invited to be an expert reviewer during early stages of the Study. The methodology and main tasks are summarized as follows:</p><p>(A) A desk top study of related works and study examples around the worldnot just scientific investigations, but also policy measures. The main roles of the planning consultant for this Study include (1) to advise on the framework for analyzing the urban fabric in relation to the planning context of Hong Kong; (2) to identify the key factors in planning terms that would have bearing on air ventilation; (3) to identify the key factors for consideration in determining the circumstances under which air ventilation assessment should be required having regard to the prevailing planning context; and (4) to advise on the implementation approaches and the corresponding implementation mechanisms.</p><p>A quick survey was conducted. There are a lot of scientific studies dealing with the wind environment and modelling. </p><note type="other">)</note><p>In Germany, there is a requirement that developments should not worsen the climatic conditions of the site. Urban Climatic Maps have been produced. <ref type="figure">(Figure 3</ref>) They have been used to guide planning and development decisions. In the city of Kassel, the Climatic Map has been translated into a Planning Evaluation Map. This map further identifies possible action for planners. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>[13] Using this guiding map, which has factored the dynamic characteristics of the wind movement in the city to alleviate the adverse effects of urban heat island, planners could decide if a development might block the wind to the city, and if project proponent should be given permission, or is required to do further tests to provide justification.</p><p>The review also identified ad-hoc studies in Hong Kong dealing with the wind environment for extreme high density conditions. But in Hong Kong, weak wind studies are still rare.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>REVIEW OF HONG KONG'S URBAN ISSUES</head><p>To shorten the study period, the existing conditions in Hong Kong were evaluated based on expert qualitative evaluation. Professor Baruch Givoni, Professor Lutz Katzschner, Professor Shuzo Murakami, Professor Mat Santamouris, and Dr Wong Nyuk Hien were the five experts. With minor differences in opinion, the following key comments were received.</p><p>Breezeway / Air Path The more air ventilation to the streets, the better it will be for these dense urban areas. The overall permeability of the district has to be increased at the ground level. This is to ensure that the prevailing wind travelling along breezeways and major roads can penetrate deep into the district. This can be achieved by proper linking of open spaces, creation of open plazas at road junctions, maintaining low-rise structures along prevailing wind direction routes ( <ref type="figure">Figure 5</ref>), and widening of the minor roads connecting to major roads. Also avoid obstruction of the sea breeze. Any localised wind problem along the waterfront should be dealt with locally and not affect the overall air ventilation of the city.</p><p>Podium / Site Coverage The effect of building layout (especially in terms of building site coverage) has a greater impact than that of building height on pedestrian wind environment. Stepping building heights in rows would create better wind at higher levels if differences in building heights between rows are significant. The "podium" structures commonly found in Hong Kong are not desirable from the viewpoint of maximizing wind available to pedestrians. The podia with large site coverage not only block most of the wind to pedestrians (affecting comfort and air quality), but also minimize the "air volume" near the pedestrian level (affecting air quality).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Building Disposition</head><p>Proper orientation and layout of the buildings with adequate gaps between buildings are needed.</p><p>Stagger the arrangement of the blocks such that the blocks behind are able to receive the wind penetrating through the gaps between the blocks in the front row. In case of a new town, to avoid obstruction of the sea breeze, the axis of the buildings should be parallel to the prevailing wind. In order to maximize the wind availability to pedestrians, towers should preferably abut the podium edge that faces the main pedestrian area/street so as to enable most of the downwash wind to reach the street level.</p><p>Building Heights Vary the heights of the blocks with decreasing heights towards the direction where the prevailing wind comes from. If not, it is better to have varying heights rather than similar / uniform height. Given the extremely high density of the urban fabric and narrow streets, a probable strategy for improving the air ventilation is by varying building heights for diverting winds to the lower levels. Nonetheless, assessment will be required to further quantify the actual performance of such potential in view of the common deep urban canyon situations in Hong Kong.</p><p>Building Permeability The provision of permeability / gap nearer to the pedestrian level is far more important than that at high levels. Create permeability in the housing blocks. Try to create voids at ground level to improve ventilation for pedestrians. This will improve not only the air movement at the ground level (thus improving the pedestrian comfort), but also help to remove the pollutants and heat generated at ground level. The channelling effect created by the void also helps to improve the ventilation performance for those residential units at the lower floors. Creation of openings in the building blocks to increase their permeability may be combined with appropriate wing walls that will contribute to pressure differences across the building facades and thus will permit the air to flow through the openings of the buildings. The wing walls have to be designed according to the known standards. For very deep canyons or very tall building blocks <ref type="figure">(Figure 9</ref>), mid-level permeability may be required to improve the ventilation performance for those occupants situated at mid-floors.</p><p>More the Better It was in general opined that unlike most cities in the world, wind gust may not be a problem in Hong Kong. On the contrary, wind stagnation and blockage is a main problem. And for the tropical climatic conditions of Hong Kong where wind in the summer is a welcoming quantity, it was opined unanimously that "more the better" should be the guiding spirit. That is to say, designs and developments should focus on not blocking the incoming wind, as well as minimise the stagnant zones at the pedestrian levels.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CRITERIA -WIND FOR COMFORT</head><p>Figure 4: Comfort chart based on researches of Givoni and Hong Kong meteorological data.</p><p>Givoni has conducted researches on outdoor comfort in two very different locations, both, like Hong Kong, are hot and humid in the summer: Japan and Israel, based on his findings, he developed formulas to predict the thermal sensation of people outdoors as a function of air temperature, solar radiation, and wind speed. According to the results of both studies, relative humidity RH has been shown to have statistically insignificant effect on comfort perception. <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref>[15] Based on his formulas and the meteorological data of Hong Kong, a comfort outdoor temperature chart for urban Hong Kong was developed <ref type="figure">(Figure 4)</ref>. The x-axis of the chart is outdoor air temperature and y-axis is the level of solar radiation. The shaded area represents the neutral comfort region which could be obtained by a proper combination of air temperature, solar radiation and wind speed. The chart provides a rough guide to the kind of wind environment that is desirable in Hong Kong. For example, a people in shade, given high summer air temperature of 28 degree C, a gentle wind of 1.0-1.5 m/s is optimum.</p><p>Based on an examination of wind data in the urban areas of Hong Kong, a mean roof top (approximately 50m above ground) wind of some 2.5 m/s could be expected. As such, one immediately sees the need for the planning of the city to optimise this wind availability so that at pedestrian level of 2m above ground, wind can be available. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">[16]</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>AIR VENTILATION ASSESSMENT (AVA)</head><p>A key objective of the Study is not scientific, but to try to find an objective protocol and methodology to guide planning practice. Planners have control of a number of design parameters. For example, site coverage, building bulk, building alignment and deposition and so on. Fundamentally, it is important to ensure that buildings and their planning do not block the ambient mechanical wind. Localised thermal wind is therefore a relatively minor consideration from a practical planning point of view.</p><p>Wind Velocity Ratio (VR) is used as an indicator. V is the wind velocity at the top of the wind boundary layer not affected by the ground roughness, buildings and local site features (typically assumed to be a certain height above the roof tops of the city centre and is site dependent). Vp is the wind velocity at the pedestrian level (2m above ground) after taking into account the effects of buildings. (see diagram below) Vp /V is the Wind Velocity Ratio (VR w ) that indicates how much of the wind availability of a location could be experienced and enjoyed by pedestrians on ground taking into account the surrounding buildings. As VR w is solely affected by the buildings of the location, it is a simple indicator one might use to assess the effects of proposals. The higher the value of VR w , the lesser the impact of buildings on wind availability. <ref type="figure">(Figure 5 and 5)</ref> (left) <ref type="figure">Figure 5</ref>: The concept of VR. Using VR, it is possible to factor the effects of developments to the wind environment. (right) <ref type="figure">Figure 6</ref>: 18 directions are factored. The VR of each direction will then be factored with wind coming from that direction.</p><p>Based on VR as an indicator, the methodology of the assessment procedures and scope needs to be identified. The assessment area, the surrounding area, the location of test points and the definition of site wind availability need to be specified. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_2">(Figure 7</ref>) Although CFD could be used for some urban wind studies, the Study concluded the use of wind tunnel as a more reliable tool. Wind tunnel work procedure is robust and is known to give reliable results for wind studies for structure and for pedestrian wind studies.</p><p>[5] <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref> Once VR of the tests points are measured inside a wind tunnel, project proponents are required to report 2 key ratios to represent their designs.</p><p>Along the boundary of the site, a number of perimeter test points will be planted. They could be about 10 to 50 metres apart, depending on the site condition, surrounding the test site and evenly distributed. Test points must be planted at the junctions of all roads leading to the test site, at corners, as well as at the main entrances of the test site. This set of test points will be known as Perimeter Test Points. They will later provide data to calculate the Site Spatial Average Wind Velocity Ratio (SVR w ). This gives a hint of how the development proposal impacts the wind environment of its immediate vicinity.</p><p>Test points should also be evenly distributed over the assessment area of the model. For detailed study, one test point per 200 to 300 square metres of the assessment area would typically suffice, except when doing rough initial study, or when the site condition is simpler. Test points should be positioned where pedestrians can or will mostly access. This may include pavement, open spaces, piazzas, concourses and so on, but exclude back-lanes or minor alleyways. For streets, the tests point should be located on their centerlines. Some of the test points must be located at major entrances, as well as identified areas where people are known to congregate. This group of test points will be known as Overall Test Points, together with the Perimeter Test Points, will provide data to calculate the Local Spatial Average Wind Velocity Ratio (LVR w ). This gives a hint of how the development proposal impacts the wind environment of the local area.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>POLICY IMPLEMENTATION</head><p>In view of the time required for further scientific researches on different aspects of the urban climate and its correlation with urban geometry, the Study recommends that AVA be implemented in four key stages. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17]</ref> The key stages and their corresponding timeframe are illustrated in the following figure. These four stages are not sequential and may be carried out concurrently but the durations are different.</p><p>Stage A -Performance-based Evaluation (without benchmark standards) The implementation of an AVA system would depend on how robust the AVA system is and how important AVA is considered by the decision makers amongst all factors in the consideration of development proposals. Based on the Study findings, it could only recommend an advisory AVA system at this stage. If AVA were to be introduced as mandatory, then it will have to go through a much more lengthy process of testing and validation, and when a more definitive local benchmark standard could be established. The Study recommends that the AVA system can be implemented in stages, taking into account the time needed for building up the necessary data and information and the degree of robustness expected for the AVA system. At the initial stage (Stage A) when the "Urban Climatic Map" and benchmarking are not yet available, the Government/ quasi-government organizations are still encouraged to undertake AVA where practicable under any one of the following circumstances:</p><p>Preparation of new town plans and major revision of such plans. Development that deviates from the statutory development restriction(s) other than minor relaxations.</p><p>Erection of building structure within a designated breezeway. Urban renewal development that involves agglomeration of sites together with closure and building over of existing streets.</p><p>Development with shielding effect on waterfront, particularly in confined airsheds. Large-scale development with a high density, e.g. site area over 2 hectares and an overall plot ratio of 5 or above, development with a total GFA of 100,000 sq.m. or above.</p><p>Massive elevated structures over a road in the dense urban areas. For developments situated in an exposed location where there is no apparent shielding from the approaching wind, an assessment of the potential occurrence of windy conditions that may affect the safety of pedestrians should also be included.</p><p>It is recommended that AVA be carried out for different design options to identify better design scenarios and potential problem areas, based on velocity ratio as an indicator. A design having a higher velocity ratio would be considered as a better design than one having a lower velocity ratio. At this stage, only the better design option is known but whether the better design option meets a standard cannot be known due to the lack of benchmarking. The aim is to move "towards a better future" rather than for precision.</p><p>The proponents initiating the proposals should be responsible for conducting, overseeing and self-appraising the AVA.</p><p>As for private projects, AVA should also be encouraged as good practice guide at the initial stage. To encourage the private project proponents to carry out AVA, incentives may be provided through performance labeling scheme.</p><p>It is considered appropriate that the qualitative guidelines and the need for AVA be promulgated through revision to the Hong Kong Planning Standards and Guidelines (HKPSG). It should be noted that some of the qualitative guidelines recommended in this Study for better air ventilation in the city are already included in Chapter 11 of the HKPSG, and hence, they only reinforce or complement the existing guidelines. The approach to the AVA system recommended in this Study is only a facilitating tool but not the primary decision making tool.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Stage B -Urban Climatic Map</head><p>This stage would involve the preparation of an urban climatic map for Hong Kong. It would involve collating relevant data on meteorology, topography, urban fabric, land use pattern etc. of Hong Kong. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref> The resultant urban climatic map would identify the areas which are more in need of attention and improvements from an air ventilation perspective, e.g. highlighting locations poor in wind circulation or sensitive to wind variation, and where important breezeways and open spaces should be protected or reserved.</p><p>Stage C -Performance-based Evaluation (with benchmark standards) This stage will establish the existing general wind performance condition of Hong Kong. This would serve as a local benchmark standard that major projects should try to achieve, if possible, for optimum wind performance. This would allow direct comparison of air ventilation performance against known benchmark criteria, rather than revealing only the better or worse of design options (as in Stage A). The criteria established would provide a clear yardstick for evaluation of development projects where air ventilation is a major concern and the projects have to be justified through the existing institutional framework (such as town planning, land grant/lease and building control and/or environmental impact assessment). Technical specifications for conducting AVA would need to be prepared to ensure no dispute in the AVA requirements and vetting process.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Stage D -Quantitative Guidelines</head><p>This stage would develop quantitative design guidelines to facilitate early designs of development proposals. Projects are assessed against pre-set design criteria, design parameters, ratios or indices concerning developments, such as site / district openness and building mass geometry (street width to building height ratio, variation in building height within site, permeability of the building façade etc.). These quantitative design guidelines have to be derived through iterative empirical tests by varying different design scenarios and assumed conditions to validate their magnitudes of impact on the wind environment.</p><p>Development schemes that are designed in accordance with the quantitative design guidelines would be deemed to satisfy air ventilation requirements, without the need to go through the performance based AVA testing. This would be less time consuming and more cost-effective, as compared to the performance based approach which the performance can only be tested after the design is generated.</p><p>At the completion of Stages B, C and /or D, a widely accepted assessment method and a set of definitive assessment standards and criteria could be established in detail. It would then enable the Government to ascertain the types of project/circumstances that should warrant an AVA. With definitive assessment standards/criteria and the availability of an urban climatic map, it would provide a stronger case for more extensive application to private projects, and for consideration of a regulatory approach, if necessary.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>QUALITATIVE URBAN DESIGN GUIDELINES</head><p>Before further stages of AVA are developed, based on the advice of international experts, the following design guidelines provide useful design reference for better air ventilation. The qualitative guidelines also provide designers with a strategic sense of how to start off their design initially.</p><p>By observing the guidelines, there would be a higher probability that the resultant design would be better for the wind environment. This could then later be confirmed with the Air Ventilation Assessment tests, if necessary.</p><p>Breezeway / Air path It is important for better urban air ventilation in a dense, hot-humid city to let more wind penetrate through the urban district. Breezeways can be in forms of roads, open spaces and low-rise building corridors through which air reaches inner parts of urbanised areas largely occupied by high-rise buildings. Projecting obstructions over breezeways/air paths should be avoided to minimize wind blockage. <ref type="figure">(Figure 8)</ref> Orientation of Street Grids An array of main streets, wide main avenues and/or breezeways should be aligned in parallel, or up to 30 degrees to the prevailing wind direction, in order to maximize the penetration of prevailing wind through the district. <ref type="figure">(Figure 9</ref> The tendency for many developments to maximize views to certain direction and site development potential often results in congested building masses and minimum spaces between buildings to meet Building (Planning) Regulations. Large sites with compact developments are particularly impeding air movement. Development plots should be laid out and orientated to maximize air penetration by aligning the longer frontage in parallel to the wind direction and by introducing non-building areas and setbacks where appropriate. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Figure 12</ref> Scale of Podium The 100% site coverage for non-domestic part of developments up to some 15m high as permitted under the Building (Planning) Regulations often results in large podia. For large development/ redevelopment sites particularly in the existing urban areas, it would be critical to increase permeability of the podium structure at the street levels by providing some ventilation corridors or setback in parallel to the prevailing wind. Where appropriate, a terraced podium design should be adopted to direct downward airflow, which can help enhance air movement at the pedestrian level and disperse the pollutants emitted by vehicles. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Figure 13</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Building Disposition</head><p>Where practicable, adequately wide gaps should be provided between building blocks to maximize the air permeability of the development and minimize its impact on wind capturing potential of adjacent developments. The gaps for enhancing air permeability are preferably at a face perpendicular to the prevailing wind. Towers should preferably abut the podium edge that faces the concerned pedestrian area/street so as to enable most of the downwash wind to reach the street level.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Shading and greenery and Cool materials</head><p>Tall trees with wide and dense canopy should be planted along streets / entrance plazas/ setback areas for maximizing pedestrian comfort -reducing urban heat island effect, blockage to air movements at the pedestrian level by additional planting should be avoided. Use of cool materials in the pavements and building facades to decrease absorption of solar radiation. Cool materials are characterized by high solar reflectivity and if possible by a high level of emission. For streets, the use of asphalt with a high percentage of white aggregates should be considered. A large water body can also serve as a cool sink.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Projecting obstructions</head><p>Massive projecting obstructions, such as elevated walkways, may adversely affect the wind environment at pedestrian level, as observed in Mongkok. Signage is preferably of the vertical type in order to minimize wind blockage, particularly in those areas with a high density of projecting signs over streets. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">(Figure 14</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CONCLUSION</head><p>The study recommendation and proposed implementation actions echo with one of the key initiatives proposed in "A First Sustainable Development Strategy for Hong Kong" promulgated by the Office of the Chief Secretary for Administration in June 2005, that is, to promote sustainable urban planning and design practices. The Study opines that there is a need to find ways to improve air ventilation and the pedestrian wind environment of our city. Given Hong Kong's dense urban conditions, wind is beneficial. In general, the more wind the better. Velocity Ratio has been proposed to be the indicator for Air Ventilation Assessment. This would provide an objective basis for evaluating and comparing design options.</p><p>The "Technical Guide for Air Ventilation Assessment for Developments in Hong Kong" proposed by the Study allows design options to be compared on a scientific and objective basis with respect to the effect on air ventilation. An advisory approach to implementation with the government taking a lead is recommended. A technical circular setting out the guidance for applying air ventilation assessments to major government projects was promulgated in July 2006. In addition, Chapter 11 of HKPSG on urban design guidelines was expanded to incorporate guidelines on air ventilation based on the recommendations of this Study in August 2006. Last but not least, improving air ventilation for a better wind environment is only one of the many considerations towards sustainable development in Hong Kong. In planning, one must attempt to balance other equally if not more important considerations and as far as possible synergize needs to result in an optimized design.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 1 :</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1: An urban skyline of Hong Kong.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>(B) A review to understand the current urban conditions of Hong Kong, and to identify issues and problems. (C) Explore the possibility to establish performance criteria needed for considering the impact of development on wind environment. (D) Define the critical issues and to explore the feasibility to develop a practical and cost effective assessment methodology. (E) Examine the practicality of an effective implementation mechanism, and to develop a methodology. (F) Establish principles and good practice for the use of professionals and practitioners in the shaping of the built environment for better wind environment.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head>Figure 7 :</head><label>7</label><figDesc>Figure 7: The assessment area and the surrounding area defined by the height of buildings on site.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head>Figure 8 :Figure 10 :Figure 11 :</head><label>81011</label><figDesc>Figure 10: Linkage of open spaces Waterfront Sites Waterfront sites are the gateways of sea breezes and land breezes due to the sea cooling and sun warming effects. Buildings along the waterfront should avoid blockage of sea/land breezes and prevailing winds. (Figure 11)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4"><head>) Figure 12 :Figure 13 :</head><label>)1213</label><figDesc>Figure 12: Non-building area Building Heights Height variation should be considered as much as possible with the principle that the height decreases towards the direction where prevailing wind comes from. The stepped height concept can help optimize the wind capturing potential of the development itself. (Figure 13)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head>) Figure 13 :</head><label>)13</label><figDesc>Figure 13: Scale of podium</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6"><head>) Figure 14 :</head><label>)14</label><figDesc>Figure 14: Projecting obstructions</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7"><head>Figure 17 :</head><label>17</label><figDesc>Figure 17: Draft Urban Climatic Map of Hong Kong The AVA study is unique and highly original. As such one must regard it as a first step in the direction of understanding the wind environment. For more understanding of the problems, further studies and researches are essential and strongly recommended, namely: Stage B -Urban Climatic Map (Figure 17), Stage C -Benchmarking, and Stage D -Quantitative Guidelines. Stage B and C studies have just been commenced in August 2006. The study is scheduled to complete July 2009.</figDesc></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS</head><p>The project is funded by Planning Department HKSAR Government. Apart from the researchers at CUHK, thanks are due to Professor Baruch Givoni, Professor Lutz Katzschner, Professor Kenny Kwok, Professor Shuzo Murakami, Professor Mat Santamouris, Dr Wong Nyuk Hien, and Professor Phil Jones. Thanks are due to colleagues in the Hong Kong Government: Civil Engineering Development Department, Hong Kong Observatory, Environmental Protection Department, Housing Department,</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Buildings Department, Lands Department, Architectural Services Department, Housing, Planning &amp; Lands Bureau, and Sustainable Development Unit of Chief Secretary for Administration's Office, and last but not least, Planning Department for managing the study and has been in partnership with the researchers throughout the study.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Team Clean</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Report on Measures to Improve Environmental Hygiene in</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outline of a novel method for the prediction of atmospheric pollution dispersal from road vehicles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C J</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Wind Engineering and Industrial Aerodynamics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395" to="404" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Boundary layer climates</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Oke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
			<publisher>Cambridge University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Wind tunnel modeling of wind effects in engineering</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Plate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Plate, EJ</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<publisher>Elsevier</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="573" to="639" />
			<pubPlace>Amsterdam</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Engineering Meteorology</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Asce</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Wind Tunnel Studies of Buildings and Structures</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Virginia</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>ASCE</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">67</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quality Assurance Manual on Environment Wind Studies, AWES-QAM</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>AWES</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Turbulent Diffusion in a City Street</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Chang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proceedings of the Symposium on Air Pollution and Turbulent Diffusion, 7-10 December</title>
		<meeting>the Symposium on Air Pollution and Turbulent Diffusion, 7-10 December<address><addrLine>Las Cruces, New Mexico</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1971" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="144" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Guidance report on preliminary assessment under EC air quality directives</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Prepared by: Roel van Aalst</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Lynne Edwards, Tinus Pulles, Emile De Saeger,Maria Tombrou5, Dag Tønnesen</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
<note type="report_type">Technical report</note>
	<note>EC</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Resuspension and dispersion of fine and course particulates in an urban street canyon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Namdeo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Colls</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proc. 6th Int. Highway and Urban Pollution Symposium</title>
		<meeting>6th Int. Highway and Urban Pollution Symposium<address><addrLine>Baveno, Italy</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outline of a novel method for the prediction of atmospheric pollution dispersal from road vehicles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C J</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Wind Engineering and Industrial Aerodynamics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="395" to="404" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Tokyo Metropolitan Government EIA Ordinance requires that all project over 100,000 sq.m. GFA be subjected to wind study</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Urban climate map a tool for calculations of thermal conditions in outdoor spaces, Passive and Low Energy Association (PLEA), proceedings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Katzschner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<pubPlace>Cambridge Martin Centre</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Katzschner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Harmonisierung der Klimafunktionskarten von Berlin, Leipzig und Kassel, Bericht zum Forschungsprojekt Klimaverträglichkeit im Städtebau des Umweltbundesamtes Berlin</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Berlin</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outdoor comfort research issues</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Givoni</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Energy and Buildings</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Outdoor comfort responses of Japanese persons</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Givoni B</forename><surname>Noguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Proc. Passive and Low Energy Architecture PLEA Conference</title>
		<meeting>Passive and Low Energy Architecture PLEA Conference<address><addrLine>Eindhoven, Netherlands</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Thermal Comfort in Urban Open Spaces for Hong Kong</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Architectural Science Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="236" to="242" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Final Report -Feasibility Study for Establishment of Air Ventilation Assessment System</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Tam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Givoni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Katzschner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kwok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Murakami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Wong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Tsou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Chow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>for Planning Department HKSAR</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-06" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
<note type="report_type">Technical Report</note>
	<note>325 pages</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Initial Methodology of Urban Climatic Mapping -Urban Climatic Map and Standards for Wind Environment -Feasibility Study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Katzschner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Technical Report for Planning Department HKSAR</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>40 pages</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
