<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:02+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Much ado about flu: A mixed methods study of parental perceptions, trust and information seeking in a pandemic</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">National Centre for Immunisation Research and Surveillance</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">The Children&apos;s Hospital at Westmead</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Westmead</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Discipline of Child and Adolescent Health</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Sydney Medical School</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">The Children&apos;s Hospital at Westmead Clinical School</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Sydney</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Westmead</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Western Clinical School</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Sydney Medical School</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">Clinical Sciences Corridor C24 -Westmead Hospital</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Sydney</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Level 2</addrLine>
									<settlement>Westmead</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">School of Public Health</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Sydney</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Sydney</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Faculty of Nursing and Midwifery</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Correspondence Catherine King</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Sydney</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Camperdown</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff5">
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">National Centre for Immunisation Research and Surveillance</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">The Children&apos;s Hospital at Westmead</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Westmead</settlement>
									<region>NSW</region>
									<country key="AU">Australia</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Much ado about flu: A mixed methods study of parental perceptions, trust and information seeking in a pandemic</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<title level="j" type="main">Influenza Other Respi Viruses</title>
						<imprint>
							<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
							<biblScope unit="page" from="514" to="521"/>
							<date type="published" when="2018">2018</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1111/irv.12547</idno>
					<note>wileyonlinelibrary.com/journal/irv</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>in Australia in September 2009 and freely available for those aged 10 years and above <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> ; this was later extended in December 2009</p><p>to include children aged 6 months to 9 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9</ref> There were approximately 37 000 laboratory-confirmed cases of pH1N1, and 5000 hospitalisations and 191 deaths due to pH1N1 in Australia in 2009. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> The median age of those who died was much lower than in preceding influenza seasons (53 years, rather than 83 years). <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10</ref> An international systematic review revealed a higher pH1N1 attack rate in children compared to older adults who had some immunity from previous exposure. <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11</ref> More than 100 children were hospitalised in Australia during the pandemic period and 11 children died. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> Effective communication and public health messaging is a key component in both the planning phase for a health emergency such as a pandemic and during the emergency itself. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">14</ref> Public cooperation during a pandemic is essential to minimise disease spread, ensure compliance and support for hygiene and social distancing measures and vaccination efforts, and avoid unnecessary overload on the health system. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">16</ref> As a pandemic progresses, messages may need to be modified according to the changing context. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">15</ref> The pandemic communication  Public health messages are received and interpreted contextually and according to individual experiences. <ref type="bibr" target="#b15">15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">17</ref> Parents are the key enablers of whether or not their children comply with public health measures, including vaccination, and trust plays a key role in decisionmaking in both pandemic <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">18,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">19</ref> and non-pandemic periods. <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">20</ref> It is therefore important to know who and what parents trust to provide information about influenza and influenza vaccine in a pandemic context.</p><p>Thus, this study aimed to explore what information sources parents trusted and used to obtain information about pH1N1, during both the acute and post-pandemic phase. Further, it examined how parents searched for information on influenza infection and influenza vaccine. An understanding of parental information needs and searching preferences could provide valuable insights to inform future pandemic planning and information campaigns.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2">| ME THODS</head><p>This study, conducted in Sydney, Australia, was part of a broader study examining the health, social and economic impacts of vaccinating children attending childcare against influenza.</p><p>We used mixed methods-a quantitative survey and qualitative semi-structured interviews with parents of children aged 6 months to 5 years. Use of mixed methods combines the strengths of both quantitative and qualitative approaches and allows for a more robust exploration of an issue. <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">21</ref> The timing of the survey distribution and interviews in relation to external pH1N1 events is contained in <ref type="table">Table 1</ref>. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1">| Quantitative survey</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2">| Qualitative interviews</head><p>The first author (CK) conducted an additional 37 semi-structured in- Each interview was recorded with participant consent and then transcribed word-for-word. Qualitative research software, NVIVO 10, was used by the first author (CK) to assign codes to both the pilot and subsequent interviews. Using a thematic analysis approach informed by elements of grounded theory, <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">24</ref> interviews were coded initially by the first author using a line-by-line methodology.</p><p>Initial analysis was completed soon after each set of interviews.</p><p>Subsequent coding phases compared initially coded items with new interview data and examined the relationships between emerging themes. All co-authors analysed a subset of the interviews to compare, refine and finalise themes.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3">| RE SULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.1">| Quantitative survey</head><p>There were 431 completed surveys from 972 distributed, a response rate of 44%. Demographic details of participants have been previously reported in full and found to be more highly educated than the general population (in which the rate for a university qualification is 24%) <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">23</ref> ; in contrast, participants in our study were predominantly Parents reported that people they "trusted a lot" with regard to influenza information included their doctor (90%), nurses (59%), government (56%) and childcare centres (52%). The media was only "trusted a lot" by 7% of participants. Celebrities and antivaccination groups were not well trusted. These results are more fully explored in <ref type="figure">Figure 1</ref>.</p><p>In addition, 79/431 (18%) participants provided free text responses noting other sources of trusted information. The most frequently mentioned additional trusted sources were research/researchers (29%), doctors, especially paediatricians (14%), early childhood health clinics (12%) and hospitals (8%).</p><p>In relation to parental search terms, 384/431 (89%) participants provided responses on how they would use a search engine to find information on "influenza infection" and 366/431 (85%) participants provided responses on how they would search for information on "influenza vaccine." The 10 most commonly used individual parental search terms for "influenza infection" and "influenza vaccine" are available in <ref type="table">Tables 2 and 3</ref>, respectively.</p><p>Of note is the strong preferential use of "flu" rather than "influenza" by parents, despite the potential priming effect of using "influenza" in the questions. The main synonyms mentioned by parents for vaccine included "shot," "jab," "needle" and "inoculation." Also interesting was the use by some parents of geographic limiters, for example, Australia or Sydney, suggesting a preference by some for local information. When listing terms for "influenza infection," a few parents used the colloquial term "bug" and one parent noted "I would not Google this, who has the time?". When listing terms for "influenza vaccine," there were a few sophisticated responses including a search for "official trials" and "put the name of the vaccine [and] search in PubMed."</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2">| Qualitative interviews</head><p>Including the pilot interviews, 42 interviews were conducted with parents (41 mothers and one father). The majority of the parents were between 31 and 40 years of age (n = 33), Australian born (n = 26), university educated (n = 28) and working outside the home (n = 28). Demographic details have been published previously. <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">25</ref> To preserve confidentiality, pseudonyms were assigned to all participants for reporting purposes. Key emergent themes in relation to parental experiences of the pandemic are discussed below. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.1">| Action trigger</head><p>The majority of parents thought they had not received enough information about the pandemic. Chief among parents' expressed  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.2">| In an emergency, think Emergency</head><p>Parents trusted general practitioners (GPs), but in the pandemic context-a public health emergency-many parents expressed a preference for attending hospital Emergency Departments. Hospitals were accessible 24 hours a day, in contrast to GP services which some parents described as being difficult to access in a timely manner. Parents also perceived hospitals to be better prepared and equipped to deal with the pandemic, with some parents feeling that GPs lacked pandemic-specific knowledge. As detailed by Juliana in </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>I'd just go to the hospital, because I don't believe the GPs are really prepared for that… they don't have it in their mind. I have never ever heard from them about swine flu.</head><p>This perception that hospitals were the best place to take a child with pH1N1 caused one parent to deliberately avoid taking her young child to hospital during a prolonged vomiting illness as she was concerned the child would be exposed to pH1N1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.3">| Fright to hype</head><p>Parents reported high media usage and reliance throughout the pandemic, due to the rapidly changing situation. Parents interviewed in the initial phases of the pandemic were very concerned about the virulence of the virus and its possible adverse impact on their family in the form of both long-and short-term health outcomes. They were also concerned about the practical implications of caring for an unwell child and the potential impact of quarantine, including on paid employment, and were troubled by the lack of a vaccine. These fears were much less prevalent in parents interviewed later in the pandemic as their experience of pH1N1 did not mirror the media messages they had initially received. Yasmin, in October 2010, described being</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>terrified at first, but then at that time they didn't have any kind of vaccinations against it, or they were working on it, but nothing was concrete, but then as time went on, it just seemed to fizzle out, and … as the months went by, it didn't seem to be turning out as they expected it to, so yes, it didn't worry me that much after that.</head><p>Indeed, the mildness of the pandemic compared to initial predictions, the intensity of the media coverage and the lack of exposure to pH1N1 by them or their family or friends led to a sense of disillusionment and loss of trust in many parents. As recalled by Diane in</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>May 2011, there was all this hype and panic about it, but then it was like 'oh we don't actually know how bad it is, but let's freak out anyway'.</head><p>A small number of parents expressed being either unconcerned or disinterested in the H1N1 pandemic. This was often proximity related; for example, a lack of concern was linked to a lack of personal or immediate contact exposure to pH1N1.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.2.4">| Dr Google and beyond</head><p>While the survey indicated that the mass media ranked low on the list of trusted influences, the interviews reflected the degree to which the media underscored parental knowledge. Media re- </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4">| D ISCUSS I ON</head><p>This mixed methods study provides insights into Australian parents' were not sufficiently getting through to the public. <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">27</ref> The Australian government did provide information at key points throughout the pandemic period, <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> yet the overwhelming perception of parents in this study was that, apart from initial messages about hygiene measures, little other information was forthcoming. Another</p><p>Australian study conducted early in the pandemic in May 2009 revealed that 44% of those interviewed felt they did not have enough information about the pandemic. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">28</ref> An analysis of television coverage of the pandemic in Australia between 25 April and 9 October 2009 found that information provided included discussion of the potential seriousness of pH1N1, the changing alert level and infection rates. This supports the findings from our qualitative study where parents recalled receipt of infection control messages but then little else.</p><p>Our study found that parents increasingly reported feeling that pandemic risks had been exaggerated and/or sensationalised in the media. This finding is supported by studies in both Australian and international contexts. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">[30]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b31">[31]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b32">[32]</ref> This increased cynicism could be due to the eventual mildness of the pandemic and therefore the perception of conflicting messages, in combination with the lack of personal experience with or exposure to pH1N1. <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">18</ref> A study conducted in Sydney, Australia, between 5 September and 3 October 2009 found that less than 20% of those interviewed believed they were at high risk of contracting pH1N1. Further, 69% of these respondents had no direct or indirect experience (via family or friends) of pH1N1 illness. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.1">| Limitations</head><p>Limitations of this study include the questionnaire response rate of 44%. As previously described, this is within the response rate range of other parental vaccine surveys. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">23</ref> A further potential limitation is that the questionnaire did not specify seasonal or pH1N1 influenza.</p><p>While this was a deliberate choice given that pH1N1 was the dominant strain by the time of the questionnaires, it may have resulted in some parental confusion, and it is difficult to know whether parents were definitively answering for seasonal or pH1N1 influenza.</p><p>Another limitation was limited generalisability due to selection bias. Many of the participants in both the questionnaire and interviews were highly educated, which may have influenced responses, including the specificity of the search methods they used. Social desirability bias in which idealised answers are provided could also have impacted on the results. This is less likely in a self-administered questionnaire compared to a researcheradministered questionnaire. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="4.2">| Recommendations for public health</head><p>The results of this study have implications for pandemic preparedness; in particular, parental preference for presentation to hospital rather than GPs has the potential to overwhelm hospital resources in the event of a more severe pandemic. The media remains an important mode of dissemination of regular information throughout the duration of a pandemic as suggested in our participant's reliance on it, despite a stated view of its lack of trustworthiness. This finding of the centrality of the media's role concurs with emergency situation literature and post-pandemic evaluations of communication efforts.</p><p>These suggest the need for clear, carefully crafted and tailored messages with a key role for health professionals. <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">38,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b39">39</ref> Trusted sources such as doctors, government health department representatives and researchers could be utilised in both traditional media spaces and in non-conventional settings such as on popular programs. Providing and promoting a hotline staffed by trusted sources such as doctors and nurses could assist in disseminating advice to guide appropriate presentation at Emergency Departments.</p><p>In addition, factsheets developed by trusted sources (including hospitals) could be available physically in GP surgeries, hospitals, schools and childcare centres, and on websites.</p><p>Resources for use during a pandemic should take into account the preferred search terminology expressed by parents, for example, the use of the more informal "flu" rather than "influenza." To optimise search engine retrieval, metadata underpinning resources could use this as a variant term so that resources can be effectively located by parental Internet searches. <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">40</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="5">| CON CLUS ION</head><p>Understanding and considering the range of views, information needs, and preferences for searching and sources expressed by parents during the pandemic period provides useful context for developing tailored information materials and messages. Using and further promoting trusted sources via the media, as well as using existing trusted sources such as childcare centres and schools, could assist in disseminating public health messages in the event of future pandemics.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>CO M PE TI N G I NTER E S TS</head><p>The authors have no competing interests.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>E TH I C A L A PPROVA L</head><p>The study was granted ethics approval from the Human Research Ethics Committee of The Children's Hospital at Westmead, Australia.</p><p>Informed consent was obtained for participation in the study. </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>ACK N OWLED G EM ENTS</head></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>strategy in Australia involved communication of hygiene and social dis- tancing measures in May 2009, information about the availability of the pH1N1 vaccine in September 2009, availability of the pH1N1 vaccine for children in December 2009 and further vaccination information in March 2010.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>terviews between 24 November 2009 and 24 May 2011, across an additional five childcare centres. Interviews continued until theoret- ical saturation of the topics was reached. Four centres were utilised for both survey distribution and interviews.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>highly educated (postgraduate qualification 48%; undergraduate 27%) mothers (90%) aged between 31 and 40 years (70%). A chi- squared analysis revealed no significant associations between demo- graphic variables and information sources, with the one exception of parental education level and trust in natural therapists (defined as Complementary and Alternative Medicine [CAM] practitioners, which include naturopaths, homeopaths and herbal medicine prac- titioners; χ 2 = 5.58, df = 1, P = .02). Parents with a university educa- tion were less likely to trust their natural therapist, compared with parents without a university education (61% vs 76%, OR 0.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>information needs was knowing when to seek medical attention if their child experienced influenza symptoms. Parents expressed a great sense of urgency about needing to know what signs and symp- toms of illness should prompt action and they appeared frustrated at the lack of information provided on this topic.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_6"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>liance was considered necessary, if untrustworthy. Parents also identified a variety of important additional sources for pH1N1 information. Parents trusted information provided by schools, childcare centres, hospitals and doctors. Hospitals, family GPs and childcare centre staff were seen as knowledgeable about local circulating virus strains. Internet searching was viewed as a convenient option, available at the point of information need. Parents were discerning about information quality and expressed a preference for reliable, authoritative websites. Hospital and gov- ernment websites, as well as agencies such as the World Health Organization, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Australian Medical Association, were specifically mentioned as trusted. As stated by Paula in May 2011, I trust… government health websites. I wouldn't just look at any old website. One parent described in detail how the use of a trusted source, a doctor, on a popular sports programme allayed her concerns about pH1N1.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>trust, perceptions, information needs and information source pref- erences as the H1N1 pandemic evolved. A strength of the study is the utilisation of mixed methods. The initial qualitative interviews directly informed the development of the questionnaire, and then, the subsequent interviews provided a richer understanding of some aspects of the quantitative responses. Continuing qualitative inter- views into the post-pandemic period also allowed us to explore pa- rental views over time. This study reveals that parents had unmet information needs in relation to the pandemic, particularly in regard to differentiat- ing pH1N1 from other respiratory viruses and knowing when to seek medical assistance. While there are difficulties differentiating pH1N1 from other respiratory viruses, 26 parents needed to be in- formed of this. Clear information, in the form of a checklist match- ing child symptoms to parental actions, may have assisted parents in decision-making about presentation to health services. Another Australian study in August and September 2009 found that only 14.5% of respondents could correctly answer questions concerning influenza viral spread, infection control and symptoms, suggesting that either information dissemination was lacking or that messages</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_8"><head>33 Others</head><label>33</label><figDesc>have suggested the intense focus on basic infection control measures such as hand hygiene rather than more complex measures may have resulted in a perceived lack of seriousness. 27 Despite the increased scepticism among parents about the media reportage of the pandemic, the quantitative responses in our study showed that, in common with other studies in the Australian context, 34-36 parents continued to value and trust doc- tors for healthcare information. The qualitative responses in our study allowed for a more nuanced understanding of this issue and revealed that while GPs are trusted, in a pandemic context they were seen as more difficult to access and perceived as being less prepared to deal with pandemic influenza than hospitals. While some parents in the study were passive information seekers, oth- ers turned to the Internet and actively sought pandemic informa- tion. These parents displayed a preference for information from authoritative websites or sources such as hospitals, doctors and government.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>To inform the questions for the quantitative survey, the first author (CK) conducted five pilot qualitative interviews between 18 and 25 June 2009 at a Sydney metropolitan childcare centre. Parents were asked whether they had sufficient information about pandemic influenza, where they had obtained the majority of their informa- tion, and who or what they trusted to give them reliable information about pandemic influenza. The term "swine flu" was specifically used in interview questions as this closely mirrored the terminology com- monly used in the media at the time.</figDesc><table>Responses from these interviews formed the basis for quan-

titative questions on information sources and trust. These ques-

tions were designed by three authors (CK, MC and JL). Parents 

were asked to rate their level of trust in nine information sources 

using a Likert scale. Parents also had the option to use free text 

responses to nominate any other trusted sources, and to indicate 

how they would undertake an Internet search for information 

on influenza infection and influenza vaccine. Wording was kept 

general so parents could answer for either seasonal or pandemic 

influenza (swine flu) as, by November 2009, pH1N1 was the pre-

dominant circulating strain in Australia. 
22 Full methods for the 

questionnaire sampling, distribution and collation have been pre-

viously described. 

23 

The quantitative survey was conducted in 16 Sydney metropoli-

tan childcare centres across regions of varied socio-economic status 

between 16 November and 9 December 2009. Parents had the op-

tion to complete either a written or web-based questionnaire. 

The resulting questionnaire data were analysed by all authors 

(CK, MC, KW and JL). Frequencies for the trusted sources were 

calculated and graphed. A chi-square test analysis was undertaken 

using SPSS version 24 to examine demographic variables and trust in 

information sources. NVIVO 10 software was used to determine the 

frequency of individual search terms used. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>The majority of parents recalled receiving preventive health messages about the pandemic, including instructions on cough etiquette, hand hygiene and use of social distancing measures.Related to this was an expressed need to be able to differentiate between pandemic influenza and seasonal influenza symptoms. Many parents wanted a checklist to guide them. As articulated by Martha early in the pandemic in June 2009,</figDesc><table>However, as described by Kim in June 2010, 

take precautions, cover your face… then there wasn't any-

thing else after that… all this scare information to start 

with, but we haven't really got anything else that we can 

run with. 

What is the trigger that sends me off to the Emergency 

Department?… That's the crucial information… On the 

news… they don't give a clear list of 'if this happens do 

this' or 'this is what you look out for'. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>TA B L E 3 Ten most frequently reported individual search terms for "influenza vaccine" from the quantitative survey</figDesc><table>October 2010, 

F I G U R E 1 Parental trust levels for 
information sources 

0% 
20% 
4 0% 
60% 
8 0% 
100% 

Celebrity 

Antivaccination groups 

Media sources 

Natural therapist 

Family/friends 

Childcare centre 

Government 

Nurse 

My doctor 

Trust levels 

Information source 
Trust a lot 

Trust a little 

Don't trust 

TA B L E 2 Ten most frequently reported individual search terms 
for "influenza infection" from the quantitative survey 

Word 
Frequency 

% Overall 
word count 

Flu 
352 
37.5 

Influenza 
82 
8.7 

Symptoms 
59 
6.3 

Vaccine 
53 
5.6 

Infection 
47 
5.0 

Children 
35 
3.7 

Google 
22 
2.3 

Vaccination 
15 
1.6 

Virus 
13 
1.4 

Immunisation 
11 
1.2 

Word 
Frequency 

% Overall 
word count 

Flu 
319 
31.9 

Vaccine 
201 
20.1 

Influenza 
58 
5.79 

Vaccination 
37 
3.7 

Children 
35 
3.5 

Immunisation 
33 
3.3 

Shot 
16 
1.6 

Effects 
13 
1.3 

Side 
13 
1.3 

Google 
12 
1.2 </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>We gratefully acknowledge the Paediatric Influenza Vaccine Outcome Trial team, the participating families and KU Children's Services staff for their assistance with this project. We also wish to thank Donna Armstrong for editing support.Catherine L. King http://orcid.org/0000-0002-1390-8013</figDesc><table>O RCI D 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Health Organization. Influenza A (H1N1) -Update 48</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/don/2009_06_12/en/.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-06-10" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Geneva: World Health Organization</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Now at the Start of 2009 Influenza Pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/statements/2009/h1n1_pandemic_phase6_20090611/en/.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-06-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Geneva: World Health Organization</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emergence of a novel swineorigin influenza A (H1N1) virus in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Dawood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Finelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">360</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2605" to="2615" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pandemic potential of a strain of influenza A (H1N1): early findings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Fraser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Donnelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cauchemez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">324</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1557" to="1561" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effectiveness of pandemic and seasonal influenza vaccines in preventing pandemic influenzaassociated hospitalization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Domínguez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Castilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Godoy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5644" to="5650" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vaccine effectiveness in pandemic influenza -primary care reporting (VIPER): an observational study to assess the effectiveness of the pandemic influenza A (H1N1)v vaccine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Simpson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ritchie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Robertson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sheikh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Mcmenamin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Technol Assess</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="313" to="346" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing. Review of Australia&apos;s Health Sector Response to Pandemic (H1N1) 2009: Lessons Identified. Canberra: Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pandemic (H1N1) influenza vaccine: TGA approves vaccine against pandemic (H1N1) 2009 influenza. Australian Government Department of Health</title>
		<ptr target="https://www.tga.gov.au/alert/pan-demic-h1n1-influenza-vaccine-tga-approves-vaccine-against-pan-demic-h1n1-2009-influenza.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Therapeutic Goods Administration</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-06-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">influenza vaccine for use in children aged from 6 months of age</title>
		<ptr target="https://www.tga.gov.au/alert/pandemic-h1n1-influenza-vaccine-tga-ap-proves-pandemic-h1n1-2009-influenza-vaccine-use-children-aged-6-months-age.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Therapeutic Goods Administration. Pandemic (H1N1) influenza vaccine: TGA approves pandemic (H1N1)</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-06-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Australian Government Department of Health</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Australia&apos;s winter with the 2009 pandemic influenza A (H1N1) virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Bishop</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Murnane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Owen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">361</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2591" to="2594" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attack rates assessment of the 2009 pandemic H1N1 influenza A in children and their contacts: a systematic review and meta-analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Glatman-Freedman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Portelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Jacobs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS ONE</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">50228</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lessons from the swine flu: pandemic, panic and/or pandemonium?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Isaacs</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Paediatr Child Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">46</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="623" to="626" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Australian Government Department of Health. Australian Health Management Plan for Pandemic Influenza. Canberra: Australian Government Department of Health</title>
		<ptr target="https://www.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/519F9392797" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">E2DDCCA257D47001B9948/%24File/AHMPPI.pdf. Accessed</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2017-07-21" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Effective Media Communication During Public Health Emergencies: A WHO Handbook (WHO/CDS/2005.31). Geneva: World Health Organization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hyer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Covello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Effective health risk communication about pandemic influenza for vulnerable populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Vaughan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tinker</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="324" to="332" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trust during the early stages of the 2009 H1N1 pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Freimuth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Musa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hilyard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Quinn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Health Commun</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="321" to="339" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parental decision-making in childhood vaccination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Serpell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4041" to="4046" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Monitoring the level of government trust, risk perception and intention of the general public to adopt protective measures during the influenza A (H1N1) pandemic in The Netherlands</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Van Der Weerd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Timmermans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Beaujean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Oudhoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Van Steenbergen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">575</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trust in medical organizations predicts pandemic (H1N1) 2009 vaccination behavior and perceived efficacy of protection measures in the Swiss public</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Gilles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Bangerter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Clemence</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="203" to="210" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A qualitative systematic review of factors influencing parents&apos; vaccination decision-making in the United Kingdom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Forster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Rockliffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Chorley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">SSM Popul Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="603" to="612" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Combining the power of stories and the power of numbers: mixed methods research and mixed studies reviews</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Pluye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Annu Rev Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">35</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="45" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Canberra: Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/1D5C5E031CAF9BD3CA257BF0001F517E/$File/ozf-lu-no28-2009.pdf.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-04-05" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
<note type="report_type">Australian Influenza Surveillance Summary Report</note>
	<note>Reporting Period: 14</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Parents&apos; intentions and behavior regarding seasonal influenza vaccination for their children: a survey in child-care centers in Sydney, Australia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Chow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Booy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Leask</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pediatr Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="89" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Constructing Grounded Theory: A Practical Guide Through Qualitative Analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Charmaz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<pubPlace>London: Sage</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Parental disease prevention health beliefs and triggers for keeping children home from childcare-a qualitative study in Sydney, Australia. Child Care Health Dev</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Leask</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="331" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical and microbiologic features associated with novel swine-origin influenza A pandemic 2009 (H1N1) virus in children: a prospective cohort study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bryant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tebruegge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Papadakis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Infect Dis J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">29</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="694" to="698" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Responses to pandemic (H1N1)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Eastwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Durrheim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Butler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jon</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Australia. Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">16</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1211" to="1216" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The community&apos;s attitude towards swine flu and pandemic influenza</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Seale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mclaws</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Heywood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Med J Aust</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">191</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="267" to="269" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Communicating uncertainty -how Australian television reported H1N1 risk in 2009: a content analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Fogarty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Holland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Imison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Blood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Chapman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Holding</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">181</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public responses and reflexivity during the swine flu pandemic in Australia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Holland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Blood</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal Stud</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="523" to="538" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Framing risk: communication messages in the Australian and Swedish print media surrounding the 2009 H1N1 pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sandell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Sebar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Scand J Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="860" to="865" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public perceptions, anxiety, and behaviour change in relation to the swine flu outbreak: cross sectional telephone survey</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rubin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Amlot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Page</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wessely</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMJ</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">339</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">2651</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why do I need it? I am not at risk! Public perceptions towards the pandemic (H1N1) 2009 vaccine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Seale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Heywood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mclaws</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">99</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Health information seeking by parents in the Internet age</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Khoo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bolt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Babl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jury</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Goldman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Paediatr Child Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="419" to="423" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Use of the Internet by parents of paediatric patients</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Wainstein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Sterling-Levis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Taitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Brydon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Paediatr Child Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="528" to="532" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Public perceptions of Australia&apos;s doctors, hospitals and health care systems</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hardie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Critchley</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Med J Aust</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">189</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="210" to="214" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Methods of coping with social desirability bias: a review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Nederhof</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Soc Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="280" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Forum on Medical and Public Health Preparedness for Catastrophic Events. The 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccination campaign: summary of a workshop series</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>National Academies Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Facing a health threat in a complex information environment: a national representative survey examining American adults&apos; behavioral responses to the 2009/2010 A(H1N1) pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mccloud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Jung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Viswanath</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Educ Behav</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">45</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="77" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="2017" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Metadata effectiveness in internet discovery: an analysis of digital collection metadata elements and internet search engine keywords</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Coll Res Libr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="7" to="19" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Much ado about flu: A mixed methods study of parental perceptions, trust and information seeking in a pandemic</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>King</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Myk</forename><surname>Chow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Wiley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Leask</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Influenza Other Respi Viruses</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="514" to="521" />
			<date type="published" when="2018" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.1111/irv.12547</idno>
		<ptr target="https://doi.org/10.1111/irv.12547" />
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
