<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:03+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main"></title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<title level="a" type="main"></title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>Small Animal Practice Committee (Dr. A. Chalifoux, Dr. P. Fanjoy, Dr. G. Niemi and Dr. B. Pukay), Canadian Veterinary Medical Association</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Prepared from information received from Agriculture Canada <ref type="bibr">(February 27, 1981</ref><ref type="bibr">, compiled May 15, 1981</ref> The first part concerning "the parasites" should be useful for the undergraduate veterinary student, and for postgraduate students in other disciplines, encountering veterinary helminthology for the first time. Terms of parasitology are explained, and a classification of the parasites is presented. Essential morphology and essentials of life history are given so a student can grasp a general idea of what a parasite is and how it develops. Pictures are numerous to describe parasites. For each of the parasites, the host, the site, the geographic distribution and the life cycle are presented. Nematoda, trematoda, cestoda and the acanthocephala are described. The first part of the book has 133 pages, and is "per se" a course in general parasitology.</p><p>The second part dealing with "The host parasite relationship" is covered in eight pages. It describes resistance, immunity and vaccination.</p><p>The third part of the book is made for the veterinary students, as animals of veterinary interest: cattle, sheep, horse, pig, dog, cat, and poultry, together with pathogeny, epidemiology, diagnosis and control of the important parasitosis are discussed. In these 142 pages, treatment has been omitted completely for the reason that "the development of anthelmintics is so rapid in these times, with new drugs appearing every few months, that any which would be recommended here might have been superseded by the time this reached the reader". Parasites of public health importance are also described. "En resume", it is an excellent book for the student interested in general parasitology. It gives good description of life cycles. It should be on the bookshelf of every veterinary student. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>VA CCINA TION CER TIFICA TE MODEL Dr. N.U.L. Shot, D.V.M. CERTIFICATE OF VACCINATIONName ........................................... Address ......................................... Province .. ... Postal Code . Animal Name .................................... Dog E Cat O Breed ............................ Species .......................................... Male O Female E Age .......................... Description ......................................FVR-C O ................. E E Rabies Type ............ Tag. No..........Repeat at one year ofage. Ifolderthan6 m,repeat every year in high risk area or every one, two or three years, depending on type of vaccine used Respiratory Disease Complex CPI'Two doses 2 to 4 wk apart. Revaccinate annually.d Possible adverse reaction after injection. a We cannot recommend formally the use of nonapproved vaccines in dogs, although no abnormal reaction has been reported. It is the responsibility of the veterinarian and the owner to decide on the type of vaccine. The-choice of vaccine can be based on studies done, available vaccines and incidence of disease in the area.</figDesc><table>This compendium was designed to 
1.2 Proceed with physical exami-
serve as a guideline for small animal 
nation to assure that only 
practitioners. 
healthy animals are vaccinated. 
Its purpose is to standardize vacci-
1.3 Do not vaccinate pregnant 
nation programs and vaccination cer-
animals with MLV vaccines 
tificates throughout Canada. 
(See 5 for interpretation of 

1.LGENERAL 

1.4 

abbreviations). 

1.4 KV vaccines can be used in 
RECOMMENDA TIONS 
pregnant animals. 

1.1 Refer to the labelling of the 
1.5 Certain circumstances and 
individual products for com-
individual animals may war-
plete directions for use. 
rant altering the vaccination 

2. procedure at the veterinarian's 
discretion. E.g. In kittens and 
puppies, that did not receive 
maternal antibody, vaccina-
tion schedule should be started 
earlier. 
1.6 Young animals should be kept 
in semiisolation for one week, 
even if immunity develops very 
rapidly (72 hours). 
1.7 Prepare and give the owner a 
signed certificate of vaccina-
tion. 

Animal Hospital 
123 Elm Street 
Anytown, Ontario 

Date 
...... Booster. 

Signature ... 
.. DVM, Lic. # 

. 

CANINE 
Distemper 
Dist.-Measles 
Hepatitis 
Leptospirosis 

Bordetella 
Parvovirus 

FELINE 
O Panleucopenia 
E FVR 
O The Vaccination certification should 
9-Species, breed, sex, age, 
contain the following information: 
description 

1-File number (if available) 
2-Name of hospital 
3-Address 
4-Name of veterinarian 
5-Name of owner 
6-Address 
7-Animal name 
8-Rabies tag number 

10-Vaccinated for: 
canine: distemper 
distemper measles 
hepatitis 
leptospirosis 
parainfluenza 
bordetella 

parvovirus 

11-
12-
13-
14-
15-

feline: panleukopenia 
viral rhinotracheitis 
(FVR) 
calivirus (C) 

canine-

feline: rabies 

Type of vaccine (rabies) 
Date 
Booster date 
Signature 
Veterinarian licence number 

Can. vet. J. 22: 324-326 (October 1981) 

E 

E 
E 

E 3. INFORMATION AND GUIDELINES FOR CANINE IMMUNIZATION 

Disease 
Vaccine 
Type of Vaccine 
Route 
Age (wk) 
Comments 
Brucellosis 
CB 
No vaccine presently licensed 
Distemper 
MV 
MLV 
IM only 
. 6 
Revaccinate with CD-V at 14 to 16 wk of age 
CDV-MV 
MLV 
IM only 
&lt; 9 
As MV 
CDV 
MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
Should be revaccinated every 4 wk until 14 to 
16 wk of age. Revaccinate annually 
Enteric 
Disease Complex CPV' 

KV-feline 
SC or IM 
&lt; 9 
Revaccinate every 3 wk until 15 wk of age. Older 

b 

dogs two doses 3 wk apart. Revaccinate dogs 
2 wk before entering high risk area 

CPV 

KV-canine 
SC or IM 
&lt; 9 
Revaccinate every 3 wk until 15 wk of age. Older 
dogs two doses 3 wk apart. Revaccinate annually 
CPVa 
MLV-feline 
SC or IM 
&lt; 9 
As CPV-KV-canine isolate 
CCV 
No vaccine presently licensed 
CRV 
No vaccine presently licensed 
CREV 
No vaccine presently licensed 
Hepatitis 
ICH 
MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As CDV 

(CAV, or CAV2) 

Herpes 
CHV 
No vaccine presently licensed 
Leptospirosis 
LCIc 
KB 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As CDV 
Rabies 
RV 
KV-MLV 
IM (thigh only) &gt; 12 
MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As CDV 
CAV2 
MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As CDV 
BB 
KB 
SC or IM 
&gt; 3 

bShould be repeated every 3 m. 

c Revaccinate 2 wk before entering high risk area. 

dManufacturer recommendation. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>). It also summarizes information from veterinary schools in Canada, the United States and from the American Veterinary Medical Association.</figDesc><table>4. INFORMA TION AND GUIDELINES FOR FELINE IMMUNIZA TION 

Disease 
Vaccine 
Type of Vaccine 
Route 
Age (wk) 
Comments 
Calicivirus 
FCV 
KV-MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12a 

As FPL 
MLV 

INb 

8 to 12 
As FPL 
Panleukopenia 
FPL 
KV-MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
Should be revaccinated every 4 wk until 14 to 
16 wk of age. Revaccinate annually 
Pneumonitis 
FP 
MLV 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As FPL 
CHL 
SC or IM 
8 to 12 
As FPL 
Rabies 
RV 
KV-MLV 
IM (thigh only) &gt; 12 
Revaccinate annually 
Viral 
Rhinotracheitis 
FVR 
KV-MLV 
SC or IM 

8 to 12a 

As FPL 
MLV 

Inb 

8 to 12 
As FPL 

a Vaccination program can be started earlier -revaccinate 2 wk before entering high risk area. 

bIN vaccines can cause transient sneezing in some cats 4 to 7 d after vaccination. 

Prepared from information received from Agriculture Canada (February 27, 1981, compiled May 15, 1981). It also summarizes information from 
veterinary schools in Canada, the United States and from the American Veterinary Medical Association. 5. ABBREVIATIONS OF TERMS USED IN SMALL ANIMAL IMMUNIZATION PROGRAMS 

Canine: 

BB 
-Bordetella bronchiseptica 

CAV, -Canine Adenovirus Type I 

CAV2 -Canine Adenovirus Type II 
CB -Canine Brucellosis 
CCV -Canine Coronavirus 
CDV -Canine Distemper Vaccine 
CHV -Canine Herpesvirus 
CPI -Canine Parainfluenza 
CPV -Canine Parvovirus 

CREV -
CRV -
ICH -
LCI -

MV 
RV 

Feline: 
CHL -
FCV -

Canine Reovirus 
Canine Rotavirus 
Infectious Canine Hepatitis 
Leptospira canicola-ictero 
hemorrhagiae 
-Measles Vaccine 
-Rabies Vaccine 

Chlamydia 
Feline Calicivirus 

FP 
-Feline Pneumonitis 
FPL -Feline Panleukopenia 
FVR -Feline Viral Rhinotracheitis 
RV -Rabies Vaccine 
Miscellaneous: 
FCLO -Feline Cell Line Origin 
IM 
-Intramuscular Injection 
KB -Killed Bacteria (Bacterin) 
KV -Killed Virus 
MLV -Modified Live Virus 
SC 
-Subcutaneous Injection 

BOOK REVIEW/ ANALYSES DE VOLUME 

Veterinary Helminthology. 2nd Edi-
tion. Angus M. Dunn. Published by 
Year Book Medical Publishers, 
Chicago, Illinois. 1978. 323 pages. 
Price $17.95. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Des notions de morphologie sont ensuite donnees, de sorte que le lecteur peut a partir de ces notions reconnaitre les differentes classes de parasites. Notons ici que les photos sont nom- breuses et superbes et que certaines, prises par microscopie electronique, sont tres explicatives. Pour chaque parasite, on y donne rhote, la localisation, la distribution geographique ainsi que le cycle evolutif. Les quatre grandes classes des helminthes soit les nematodes, les trematodes, les cestodes et les acan- thocephales sont ainsi decrits. Cette premiere partie de 133 pages est en soi un cours qu'on pourrait appeler "Parasitologie generale". La deuxieme partie traite de la rela- tion h6te-parasite. Huit pages suffi- sent pour parler de resistance, d'im- munite et de vaccination. La troisieme partie s'adresse surtout a l'etudiant veterinaire ou au veteri- naire diplome. Pour chaque espece animale, par systeme, on decrit les parasitoses ren- contrees en y incluant la pathogenie, l'epidemiologie et les moyens de con- trole. I1 est a noter que dans cette par- tie de 142 pages, il n'est en aucun temps fait mention de traitements anthelmin- thiques, et ce, comme le dit l'auteur, pour la simple raison que tellement de nouveaux anthelminthiques sont mis sur le marche presentement qu'il serait impossible d'etre a la page dans ce domaine. Une section importante de la troisieme partie decrit les principales zoonoses parasitaires. En resume, c'est un excellent livre pour l'etudiant qui veut apprendre les principes de la parasitologie generale. La description des cycles evolutifs est tres bonne. Ce livre serait aussi recommande aux etudiants veteri- naires pour etude des parasitoses ani- males. J.L. Fre6chette.</figDesc><table>* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

Le premiere partie, intitulee le par-
asite lui-meme s'adresse au debutant 
de toute discipline, aussi bien la biolo-
gie, l'agronomie que la medecine 
v'terinaire. On y definit les principaux 
termes employes en parasitologie et on 
adopte une classification des parasites. 
</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl/>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
