<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:03+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">chest150278.indd</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MD</roleName><forename type="first">Parizad</forename><surname>Torabi-Parizi</surname></persName>
							<email>torabiparizip@cc.nih.gov</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Critical Care Medicine Department</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">National Institutes of Health</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>10 Center Dr</addrLine>
									<postCode>2C145, 20892</postCode>
									<settlement>Bethesda</settlement>
									<region>MD</region>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">chest150278.indd</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1378/chest.15-0278</idno>
					<note>CORRESPONDENCE TO: Reproduction of this article is prohibited without written permission from the American College of Chest Physicians. See online for more details.</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>To date, the current West African Ebola outbreak has claimed . 9,000 lives, making it the deadliest Ebola epidemic since the discovery of the virus in 1976. 1,2 Th e transfer of expatriate patients infected with the Ebola virus to their resident countries in Europe and the United States, where capacity for advanced medical care is readily available, has raised concerns regarding the appropriateness and safety of providing lifesaving or life-sustaining measures to these patients. We review the ethical and practical considerations that infl uence these decisions and describe the approach adopted by the Special Clinical Studies Unit (SCSU) of the Clinical Center at the US National Institutes of Health (NIH).</p><p>A Historical Perspective of Health-care Worker Risk and CPR CPR was fi rst recognized as a potential lifesaving measure by academic and advisory organizations in the 1960s, and since that time early and aggressive resuscitation eff orts by health-care providers and lay rescuers have been encouraged. <ref type="bibr">[3]</ref><ref type="bibr">[4]</ref><ref type="bibr">[5]</ref> From early on, concerns related to exposure to potentially infectious material during CPR administration have been voiced. Th ese concerns became particularly evident early in the AIDS epidemic. In 1989, the American Heart Association issued guidelines to Africa, particularly regarding discussions of medical futility in seriously ill patients. We provide a historical perspective on HCWs' risk of infection during the provision of CPR, discuss physicians' duty to treat in the face of perceived or actual HCW risk, and, fi nally, present the protocols implemented at the National Institutes of Health to reduce HCW risk while providing lifesaving and life-sustaining care.</p><p>CHEST address concerns related to infection risk during CPR and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued guidance for the prevention of HIV and hepatitis B virus transmission to health-care workers (HCWs) and public safety workers. 6,7 Public health offi cials stressed the lack of evidence for HIV or Hepatitis B virus transmission during CPR even when mouth-tomouth rescue breathing was used, yet recommended use of barrier devices to further reduce risk.</p><p>HIV transmission during CPR has been estimated to range from one in 1 million events when HIV prevalence is high (ie, about 30%) to one in 1 billion events when prevalence is low (ie, 0.1% to 1%). <ref type="bibr">8</ref> However, despite evidence for low risk of HIV transmission during CPR, psychologically perceived risk aff ected the frequency and quality of care delivered to patients with AIDS. A survey of fi rst responders suggested that attitudes toward providing CPR to strangers in an out-ofhospital setting had been adversely aff ected as a result of the AIDS epidemic. <ref type="bibr">9</ref> Among physicians and nurses in the late 1990s, reluctance to provide mouth-tomouth resuscitation in outpatient or inpatient settings resulted in marked delays in ventilation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">10,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b1">11</ref> Possible discrepancies in quality of CPR delivered to those infected with HIV vs those not infected have been associated with worse outcomes in the former group. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">12</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Medical Futility and Infectious Diseases</head><p>Early in the HIV epidemic, prior to availability of eff ective HIV antiretroviral therapy, opportunistic infections (eg, Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia) frequently led to ICU admissions with associated high case-fatality. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">13</ref> Failure of supportive intensive care to signifi cantly alter outcomes and the absence of HIV-specifi c therapies frequently led to discussions of medical futility. Consequently, ICU use for the care of patients with AIDS during this era decreased, and end-of-life discussions between patients and their medical providers increased prior to hospital admission. 14 By 1988, however, despite lack of eff ective HIV antiviral therapy, ICU use and subsequent survival of patients with AIDS with Pneumocystis pneumonia increased, likely due to more aggressive supportive care, increasing use of a growing spectrum of antibiotic choices, and the use of steroids as adjunctive therapy. <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">16</ref> Th e Pneumocystis pneumonia example highlights the potential for variability in health-care delivery as a function of societal and provider perceptions. Th e concept of medical futility refers to interventions that are unlikely to produce any signifi cant benefi t for a specifi c patient at a specifi c time.  <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">18</ref> However, with the advent of the AIDS epidemic, the concept of duty to treat reemerged, albeit in the context of nondiscrimination of seropositive patients. <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">19</ref> Most recently, against the background of the plausible threat of bioterrorism attacks, the code of ethics reemphasizes the involvement of physicians in global health-care responses. "Because of their commitment to the care for the sick and injured, individual physicians have an obligation to provide urgent medical care during disasters. Th is ethical obligation holds even in the face of greater than usual risk to their own safety, health, or life." <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">20</ref> Th e recent Ebola outbreak has required the medical profession to once again assess its obligations to the public. With the devastating and disproportionate numbers of HCWs in West Africa who have died of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in the line of duty, oft en due to inaccessible or inappropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) use, fundamental discussions balancing duty to treat patients with EVD with risk to providers are ongoing. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[21]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[22]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">[25]</ref> In resource-rich settings, the role of supportive critical care interventions, including use of mechanical ventilation or hemodialysis, and the risk-benefi t of CPR have been a focus of discussion. Social stigma, fear, and knowledge gaps in disease pathogenesis and transmission risk have contributed to some providers electing against participation in the care of patients with EVD or establishing a priori limits in patient-care interventions.</p><p>Despite recent examples of safe and eff ective lifesustaining care of patients with EVD (eg, mechanical ventilation and renal replacement therapy) from centers with specialized clinical biocontainment units, it has been proposed by some that provision of CPR to critically ill patients with EVD is globally futile and poses an unacceptably high risk to HCWs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">21,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">26,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">27</ref> High EVD casefatality observed in Africa, lack of specifi c EVD treatment, potential risk of exposure to infectious fl uids during CPR, and adverse consequences of delayed institution of CPR due to the time required for providers to safely don PPE might seem to support the notion of futility of CPR in patients with EVD.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Our Perspective</head><p>Interventions deemed futile in West Africa due to resource constraints might be eff ective in resource-rich settings, as the high EVD case-fatality observed in West Africa is largely related to limited access to basic, yet eff ective, care (eg, fl uid and electrolyte monitoring and replacement), as well as delay in presentation to medical facilities, in part due to the stigma associated with the disease. <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[28]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[29]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[30]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[31]</ref> Electrolyte derangements (eg, hypokalemia, hypomagnesaemia) or severe hypovolemia leading to cardiopulmonary arrest are reversible phenomena. Initiating CPR on a patient with EVD while aggressively correcting underlying reversible abnormalities is appropriate in resource-rich settings. However, performing CPR on a patient with refractory shock and multiorgan failure might not be appropriate regardless of underlying infectious etiology or setting. Individualized clinical judgment in the context of available resources and patient autonomy must drive patient-care decisions for those with EVD, not a priori concept of futility.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Technical and Procedural Considerations</head><p>Provision of safe and eff ective care in a high-containment unit requires considerable investment in planning, material resources, and training. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">32</ref> Factors that might facilitate improved care include the presence of trained emergency response personnel in or near the unit at all times, ready access to emergency equipment and supplies, and the ability to provide ICU-level, postemergency care. HCW safety must be optimized through the creation of and strict adherence to standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the execution of clinical tasks, particularly those that have been associated with increased risk of inadvertent exposure to infectious material. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">32,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">33</ref> To this end, various institutions and societies have issued guidelines for the care of the patients infected with the Ebola virus. <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[34]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">[35]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">[36]</ref> Code Team Composition, Response Time, and Emergency Equipment</p><p>To minimize response time in the SCSU at NIH, personnel dressed in full PPE with advanced cardiovascular life support training are available on the unit at all times and are responsible for initiating resuscitation eff orts when indicated. If a patient's condition is deemed tenuous, a critical care nurse is assigned to the patient and an intensivist remains available on the unit. Code teams dedicated only to responding to SCSU patient emergencies consist of an intensivist, a respiratory therapist, and a critical care nurse who have undergone specifi c procedural and code-team simulation training in full PPE ( e-Appendix 1 : emergency response SOP).</p><p>Emergency response carts, equipped with defi brillators, airway equipment, and emergency drugs, are immediately available on the unit and positioned to be readily accessible by the health-care team. Acute-care drugs, including vasoactive drugs and antibiotics, are immediately available through an automated medication dispensing cabinet located on the unit, minimizing the time to administer these therapies. Preemptive use of invasive procedures, including vascular access and intubation, is encouraged to limit interventions performed under duress, and PPE adherence monitors are used on entering or leaving the biocontainment area. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">32</ref> Personnel Safety and Simulation-Based Training</p><p>Health-care provider risk must continuously factor into decisions to provide lifesaving and life-sustaining measures to patients infected with high-consequence pathogens. Procedures including blood draws, venous or arterial catheter placement, or tissue manipulation, such as endotracheal intubation, carry the risk of PPE barrier breach and, therefore, possibly skin or mucosal surface exposure. Ebola virus transmission occurs through exposure of infectious body fl uids to mucous membranes or nonintact skin. While respiratory droplet transmission of Ebola virus has not been documented in humans, the potential for transmission from infectious upper respiratory tract secretions is of signifi cant concern. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">37,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b29">38</ref> Experience with severe acute respiratory syndrome provides an example of increased HCW infection risk associated with respiratory droplet exposure and the value of adequate PPE training and use to reduce risk. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">39</ref> In the case of severe acute respiratory syndrome, overcrowding of medical wards, poor ventilation, and inadequate PPE were associated with high transmission rates. <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">40</ref> Th e performance of aerosol-generating procedures, including endotracheal intubation, noninvasive ventilation, and bag-mask ventilation prior to intubation, were all associated with increased transmission risk. <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">41</ref> Adequate PPE training and use was associated with decreased transmission risk. <ref type="bibr" target="#b33">42</ref> Th erefore, measures must be put in place to minimize HCW risk while providing advanced care to patients with EVD. We developed SOPs for endotracheal intubation, central venous catheter placement, use of renal replacement therapy, emergency (Code Blue) response, biohazardous material exposure management, and extraction of an incapacitated HCW (see discussion later in this article and e-Appendix 1 ) in the care of patients with EVD. <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 1</ref> highlights recommended procedural modifi cations to reduce HCW risk of infectious material exposure. We also developed and implemented scenario-based training on these procedures to establish and maintain staff profi ciency while working in full PPE. All critical care SCSU staff members are required to complete this training biannually.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Endotracheal Intubation</head><p>In the process of endotracheal intubation of a patient infected with a high-consequence pathogen, the operators are at risk for exposure to potentially infectious oral, gastric, and respiratory secretions. Manipulation of a patient's oral opening during laryngoscopy poses additional risk of injury to the operator's fi ngers. Only experienced operators should perform endotracheal intubation of patients with EVD to minimize risk associated with excessive oropharyngeal manipulation during multiple intubation attempts. Providers should administer deep sedation, paralytics, or both as needed to reduce risk of bite trauma ( e-Appendix 1 : endotracheal intubation SOP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Invasive Procedures</head><p>Elective placement of peripherally inserted central catheters may be suffi cient in some cases to facilitate blood draws or to administer IV therapies. Central catheter placement may be required for hemodynamic monitoring or for renal replacement therapy. When a large central catheter is needed, several factors should be considered to minimize the risk of injury to the operator. Th e presence of an additional practitioner to assist with and to enhance vigilance during the procedure is desirable. Th e use of ultrasound guidance for catheter placement allows for only the dominant hand with the needle to be on the fi eld at any time, minimizing the risk of injury to the nondominant hand during the procedure. We place extra emphasis on visual tracking of all needles on the operating fi eld, on minimizing actions that might aerosolize infectious fl uids, and on the potential use of conscious sedation for procedures to limit patient movement, thus decreasing the risk of injury to the operator ( e-Appendix 1 : invasive procedure SOP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mechanical Ventilation</head><p>Although there are no human data to support airborne transmission of Ebola, infectious aerosols generated during positive pressure ventilation may place providers at increased risk. Accidental or intentional disconnection of the ventilator circuit may lead to contamination of the environment or one's PPE and, therefore, should be minimized. Additionally, patient self-extubation may lead to patient harm or emergent situations that might be diffi cult to address in a timely fashion in a high-containment unit.</p><p>Consequently, we recommend use of ventilators with the ability to automatically shut off when the ventilator circuit is broken and suggest that breaks in the ventilator circuit be minimized. When it is necessary to break the ventilator circuit, all staff in the room should be informed in advance and the exhalent should be diverted away from those present. A high-effi ciency particulate absorption fi lter should be added to the exhalation line post-patient to collect infectious material. Finally, to minimize the risk of self-extubation, patients should be maintained at deeper levels of sedation and use of soft -wrist restraints should be considered ( e-Appendix 1 : mechanical ventilation SOP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Continuous Renal Replacement Therapy</head><p>Acute kidney injury has been described in patients with EVD and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have issued recommendations for performing acute hemodialysis in patients with EVD. <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">43</ref> Continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) has advantages over intermittent hemodialysis in a highcontainment setting and successful use of CRRT in a patient with EVD in the United States has been reported. <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">44</ref> Critical care nursing and physician staff in the SCSU at NIH are profi cient in running CRRT systems, obviating the need for specialized dialysis nurses and minimizing the number of at-risk individuals in the facility. • Use experienced operators.</p><p>• Dose induction agents liberally.</p><p>• Administer paralytic agents as needed.</p><p>• Await unresponsiveness.</p><p>• Avoid forcing mouth open.</p><p>Invasive procedures • Patient motion and uncooperativeness increases the risk of needle-stick injury.</p><p>• Placement of one hand on the patient to discern landmarks while manipulating the needle with the other increases the risk of a needle-stick injury.</p><p>• The presence of more than one sharp object on the fi eld at any time increases the risk of a needle-stick injury.</p><p>• Forcing sharp objects (ie, needles) into a small container increases the risk of a splash or needle-stick injury.</p><p>• Involve two providers.</p><p>• Consider use of conscious sedation.</p><p>• Perform ultrasound guidance.</p><p>• Use a one-handed technique.</p><p>• Remove sharp objects sequentially.</p><p>• Use a large sharps container.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mechanical ventilation</head><p>• Accidental or intentional breakage in the ventilator circuit can expose the environment and staff to infectious aerosols.</p><p>• Self-extubation may lead to patient injury or emergent situations that are diffi cult to address in a timely fashion in a high-containment unit.</p><p>• Select ventilator with automatic shut-off for broken circuit.</p><p>• Limit breaking ventilator circuit.</p><p>• Notify staff when breaking ventilator circuit.</p><p>• Divert exhalent away from providers.</p><p>• Use inline post-patient HEPA fi lter.</p><p>• Sedate to RASS-2.</p><p>• Consider use of soft wrist restraints.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Renal replacement therapy</head><p>• Catheter malfunction or dislodgment can lead to loss of large amounts of infected blood.</p><p>• Catheter manipulation, even with needleless systems, can lead to exposure to infected blood.</p><p>• Circuit clotting leads to loss of a large amount of infected blood that increases the risk of health-care worker exposure.</p><p>• Large amounts of potentially infectious liquid waste are generated in the process of renal replacement therapy.</p><p>• Maintain visibility of catheter insertion site and check site frequently. Code Blue response • Rushing to respond to an emergency situation can increase the likelihood of PPE breach.</p><p>• Dexterity in performing tasks can be impaired while wearing full PPE.</p><p>• Communication between team members is aff ected due to the PAPRs.</p><p>• Respond without rushing.</p><p>• Establish clear roles and responsibilities.</p><p>• Maintain eff ective communication.</p><p>HEPA 5 high-effi ciency particulate absorption; PAPR 5 powered air-purifying respirator; PPE 5 personal protective equipment; RASS 5 Richmond Agitation Sedation Scale .</p><p>Delivery of safe and eff ective CRRT to patients with EVD requires modifi cations in the spectrum of care from catheter and extracorporeal circuit management, to frequent monitoring of laboratory values, to handling of potentially highly infectious waste.</p><p>Because catheter malfunction or disconnection may lead to extravasation of highly infectious blood, we recommend maintaining continuous visibility of the catheter insertion site and visual inspection of the site every 30 min to ensure proper connection. Clotting of the circuit may lead to large-volume blood loss in the extracorporeal circuit that would require cautious handling and safe disposal. We recommend early return of extracorporeal blood at fi rst sign of the circuit clotting and, if necessary, recommend the use of regional citrate anticoagulation.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>Financial/nonfi nancial disclosures : Th e authors have reported to CHEST that no potential confl icts of interest exist with any companies/ organizations whose products or services may be discussed in this article.</p><p>Other contributions: Th e opinions expressed herein represent those of the authors and do not refl ect offi cial views or policies endorsed by the US Department of Health and Human Services.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Additional information:</head><p>Th e e-Appendix can be found in the Supplemental Materials section of the online article.  <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">44</ref> we recommend handling effl uent as infectious waste, given potential for breaches in the system. For this purpose, we have constructed large containers that allow for dwelling of large amounts of liquid material in the presence of detergent disinfectant cleaners prior to disposal. Transfer of liquid waste from one container to another is performed under the cover of absorbent pads to limit aerosol exposure ( e-Appendix 1 : CRRT SOP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Mock Code Training for the Conduct of CPR</head><p>As discussed, the provision of CPR within a highcontainment unit poses several challenges in addition to those of code-team composition, response time, and access to emergency equipment. Th ese include limitations to physical dexterity and the introduction of barriers to eff ective communication related to PPE wear. To heighten awareness of these challenges, we have implemented mock code-simulation training sessions. During these scenarios, the code-team members are asked to perform tasks that are likely to be necessary during a resuscitation eff ort, such as handling the code cart, drawing up and administering medications, placing defi brillation pads on the patients and delivering shocks. Th e use of PPE can muffl e voices and, therefore, requires extra attention to speak with others at a louder level than usual and with clarity. During this training, we emphasize the need to defi ne clear roles and responsibilities to the team members. Importantly, eff ective communication is achieved by speaking up and clearly, by making direct eye contact with other members of the team, and by practicing closed-loop communication. Additionally, use of hands-free communication devices can be considered under the powered air-purifying respirator hood ( e-Appendix 1 : emergency response SOP).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Occupational Exposures and Evacuation of Incapacitated HCWs</head><p>While all eff orts must be made to prevent occupational exposures or events that result in an incapacitated HCW in a high-containment setting, contingency planning for these possibilities is essential to timely and appropriate responses. In the SCSU at NIH, we have established protocols for early wound decontamination following safe PPE removal. Materials and supplies required for decontamination following an exposure (eg, surgical disinfectant scrub, an eye-wash station) are immediately available on exit from the SCSU. Similarly, we have established a protocol for evacuation of an incapacitated HCW wearing full PPE that identifi es the route of evacuation, specifi es modifi ed decontamination procedures, and allows for timely institution of medical care ( e-Appendix 1 : biohazard material exposure and impaired employee extraction SOPs).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusions</head><p>In conclusion, the health-care team must assess the benefi t of lifesaving and life-sustaining measures and the risk posed to the health-care providers when caring for individuals infected with highly infectious or contagious pathogens. We believe that delivery of lifesaving and life-sustaining interventions can be done safely in patients infected with high-consequence pathogens, provided adequate training, equipment, and protocols are in place. Finally, as a profession, we must reaffi rm our ethical obligation toward society in our duty to treat.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>to Patients With Ebola Virus Disease Parizad Torabi-Parizi , MD; Richard T. Davey Jr , MD ; Anthony F. Suff redini , MD ; and Daniel S. Chertow , MD Infectious disease epidemics in the past have given rise to psychologic and emotional responses among health-care workers (HCWs), stemming from fear of infection during patient care. Early experiences in the AIDS epidemic provide an example where fear of contagion resulted in diff erential treatment of patients infected with HIV. However, with a deeper understanding of AIDS pathogenesis and treatment, fear and discrimination diminished. Parallels exist between early experiences with AIDS and the present outbreak of Ebola virus disease in West</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>• Avoid disconnecting circuit to fl ush lines. • Return blood to patient early if clotting is suspected. • Establish new circuit if clotting is suspected. • Use regional citrate anticoagulation if there are no contraindications. • Manage effl uent as liquid waste and avoid aerosol exposure by transferring liquids under the cover of absorbent pads.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>ABBREVIATIONS: CRRT 5 continuous renal replacement therapy; EVD 5 Ebola virus disease; HCW 5 health-care worker; NIH 5 National Institutes of Health; PPE 5 personal protective equipment; SCSU 5 Special Clinical Studies Unit; SOP 5 standard operating procedure [ Commentary Ahead of the Curve ]</figDesc><table>2015; 147(6): 1460 -1466 

Manuscript received February 4, 2015; revision accepted February 11, 
2015; originally published Online First March 12, 2015. 
AFFILIATIONS: From the Critical Care Medicine Department (Drs 
Torabi-Parizi, Suff redini, and Chertow), Clinical Center, National Institutes 
of Health, Bethesda, MD; and Clinical Research Section (Dr Davey), 
Laboratory of Immunoregulation, National Institute of Allergy and Infec-
tious Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD. </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="true"><head>TABLE 1 ]</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Procedura l Modifi cations to Reduce Health-care Worker Exposure Risk in the Care of Patients With</figDesc><table>Ebola Virus Disease 

Intervention 
Risk-Prone Step or Scenario 
Recommended Modifi cations 

Endotracheal intubation 
• Inadequate patient sedation and relaxation 
might require forceful mouth opening 
maneuvers during laryngoscopy, creating 
the risk of bite injury. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="false"><head>References 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Ebola situation report, 2014. World Health Organization website. http://www.who.int/csr/disease/ebola/situation-reports/en/ .Standards for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and emergency cardiac care (ECC). I. Introduction . JAMA . 1974 ;227(suppl 7): 837-840. 5 . Standards for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and emergency cardiac care (ECC). II. Basic life support . JAMA . 1974 ;227(suppl 7): 841-851. 6 . Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Guidelines for preven- tion of transmission of human immunodefi ciency virus and hepa- titis B virus to health-care and public-safety workers . MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep . 1989 ;38(suppl 6):1-37. 7 . Th e Emergency Cardiac Care Committee of the American Heart Association . Risk of infection during CPR training and rescue: supplemental guidelines . JAMA . 1989 ; 262 ( 19 ): 2714 -2715 . 8 . Bierens JJ , Berden HJ . Basic-CPR and AIDS: are volunteer life- savers prepared for a storm? Resuscitation . 1996 ; 32 ( 3 ): 185 -191 . 9 . Ornato JP , Hallagan LF , McMahan SB , Peeples EH , Rostafi nski AG . Attitudes of BCLS instructors about mouth-to-mouth resuscitation during the AIDS epidemic . Ann Emerg Med . 1990 ; 19 ( 2 ): 151 -156 . CRRT requires frequent monitoring of laboratory test results, including electrolytes and clotting times. Point- of-care testing is available in the SCSU, allowing for timely clinical decision-making. While dialysis effl uent fl uid is not thought to be infectious under standard circumstance,</figDesc><table>Accessed March 9, 2015. 
2 . Johnson KM , Lange JV , Webb PA , Murphy FA . Isolation and 
partial characterisation of a new virus causing acute haemorrhagic 
fever in Zaire . Lancet . 1977 ; 1 ( 8011 ): 569 -571 . 
3 . Standards for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and emer-
gency cardiac care (ECC). 3. Advanced life support . JAMA . 
1974 ;227(suppl 7):852-860. 
4 . </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Th e reluctance of house staff to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation in the inpatient setting: what are the considerations? Resuscitation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Brenner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Stark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kauff Man</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="185" to="193" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Determinants of physician reluctance to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Brenner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Van</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Lazar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Camargo</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1054" to="1061" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cardiopulmonary resuscitation in patients with the acquired immunodefi ciency syndrome. A prospective study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Raviglione</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Battan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Taranta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">148</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2602" to="2605" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">ICU survival of patients with the acquired immunodefi ciency syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Schein</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fischl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Pitchenik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Sprung</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1026" to="1027" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intensive care of patients with the acquired immunodefi ciency syndrome. Outcome and changing patterns of utilization</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wachter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Luce</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Turner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Volberding</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hopewell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Rev Respir Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">134</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="891" to="896" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia and respiratory failure in AIDS. Improved outcomes and increased use of intensive care units</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wachter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Russi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bloch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hopewell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Luce</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Rev Respir Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">143</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="251" to="256" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Improved outcomes in intensive care units for AIDS-related Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia: 1987-1991</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Gilman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>George</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Guze</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Acquir Immune Defi c Syndr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1319" to="1321" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Th e American Medical Ethics Revolution: How the AMA&apos;s Code of Ethics Has Transformed Physicians&apos; Relationships to Patients, Professionals, and Society</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Baker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
			<publisher>Johns Hopkins University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Baltimore, MD</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">History of AMA ethics</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.ama-assn.org/ama/pub/about-ama/our-history/history-ama-ethics.page.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Medical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">When pestilence prevails...physician responsibilities in epidemics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Huber</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Wynia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Bioeth</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Physician obligation in disaster preparedness and response</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.ama-assn.org/ama/pub/physician-resources/medical-ethics/code-medical-ethics/opinion9067.page.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Medical Association</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Responding to Ebola: questions about resuscitation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Fins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.thehastingscenter.org/Bioethicsforum/Post.aspx" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">?id 5 7135&amp;blogid 5 140 . Accessed</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-11-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>The Hastings Center website</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ebola patients and the ethics of unilateral do-notresuscitate orders</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Van Geem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://voicesinbioethics.org/2014/11/24/ebola-patients-dnr-orders/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Bioethics website</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Should doctors deny ebola patients CPR?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Lahey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2014/12/11/should-doctors-deny-ebola-patients-cpr/" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Project HOPE website</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ethical guidance on the use of lifesustaining therapies for patients with Ebola in developed countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Halpern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Emanuel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">162</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="304" to="305" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cluster of Ebola cases among Liberian and US health care workers in an Ebola treatment unit and adjacent hospital-Liberia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Forrester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Hunter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Pillai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">63</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="925" to="929" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Severe Ebola virus disease with vascular leakage and multiorgan failure: treatment of a patient in intensive care</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Wolf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Kann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Becker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-19" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<idno type="doi">10.1016/S0140-6736(14)62384-9</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A case of severe Ebola virus infection complicated by gram-negative septicemia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kreuels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Wichmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Emmerich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">371</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2394" to="2401" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ebola virus disease in West Africa-clinical manifestations and management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chertow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kleine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Edwards</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Scaini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Giuliani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sprecher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">371</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2054" to="2057" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Clinical presentation of patients with Ebola virus disease in Conakry, Guinea</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Bah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lamah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fletcher</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">372</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="40" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Addressing Ebola-related stigma: lessons learned from HIV/AIDS</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Davtyan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Folayan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Glob Health Action</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">26058</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Caring for critically ill patients with ebola virus disease. Perspectives from West Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fowler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Fletcher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ii</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">190</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="733" to="737" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Preparing for critical care services to patients with Ebola</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Decker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sevransky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Davey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Chertow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">161</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="831" to="832" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protecting health care workers from Ebola: personal protective equipment is critical but is not enough</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Ii</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hynes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Perl</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">161</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="753" to="754" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Canadian Association of Emergency Physicians, Association of Medical Microbiology &amp; Infectious Diseases Canada. Ebola clinical care guidelines: a guide for clinicians in Canada. Version 2. Association of Medical Microbiology &amp; Infectious Diseases Canada website</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.ammi.ca/media/73235/Ebola%20Clinical%20Care%20Guidelines%20v2%2028%20Oct%202014.pdf.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Canadian Critical Care Society</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-23" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Interim guidance for emergency medical services (EMS) systems and 9-1-1 public safety answering points (PSAPs) for management of patients who present with possible ebola virus disease in the United States</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/hcp/interim-guidance-emergency-medical-services-systems-911-public-safety-answering-points-management-patients-known-suspected-united-states.html.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-28" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Infection prevention and control guidance for care of patients in health-care settings, with focus on Ebola</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/resources/publications/ebola/filovirus_infection_control/en/.AccessedDecember28" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Review of human-to-human transmission of Ebola virus</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/transmission/human-transmission.html.Accessed" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-09" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tissue and cellular tropism, pathology and pathogenesis of Ebola and Marburg viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Martines</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Greer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Rollin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Zaki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">235</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="174" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.who.int/csr/sars/country/table2003_09_23/en/.AccessedDecember9" />
		<title level="m">SARS cases with onset of illness from</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002-11-01" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS): lessons learnt in Hong Kong</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Hui</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Th orac Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="126" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aerosol generating procedures and risk of transmission of acute respiratory infections to healthcare workers: a systematic review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Tran</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Cimon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Severn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pessoa-Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Conly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS ONE</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">35797</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">BC Interdisciplinary Respiratory Protection Study Group . Protecting health care workers from SARS and other respiratory pathogens: organizational and individual factors that aff ect adherence to infection control guidelines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gamage</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bryce</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Copes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Yassi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Infect Control</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Recommendations for safely performing acute hemodialysis in patients with Ebola virus disease in US hospitals</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.cdc.gov/vhf/ebola/hcp/guidance-dialysis.html.Accessed" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-12-24" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Successful delivery of RRT in Ebola virus disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Connor</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kraft</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mehta</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Soc Nephrol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
