<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:04+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">The Acute Chest Syndrome in Cameroonian children living with sickle cell disease</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jobert</forename><surname>Richie</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Nansseu</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Anastasie</forename><surname>Nicole</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alima</forename><surname>Yanda</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Chelo</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sandra</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tatah</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hubert</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mbassi Awa</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Judith</forename><surname>Seungue</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Paul</forename><surname>Olivier</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Koki</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">The Acute Chest Syndrome in Cameroonian children living with sickle cell disease</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1186/s12887-015-0454-0</idno>
					<note>R E S E A R C H A R T I C L E Open Access</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Abstract</head><p>Background: Although sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) is particularly affected by sickle cell disease (SCD), there is dearth of research on this topic in the region, specifically targeting the magnitude of SCD-related complications. We therefore conducted this study to determine the burden of acute chest syndrome (ACS) and describe its clinical and therapeutic aspects among SCD children in Cameroon, a SSA country. Methods: This was a retrospective study carried-out from September 2013 to June 2014 at the SCD unit of the Mother and Child Centre of the Chantal Biya Foundation, a pediatric reference centre in Yaoundé, Cameroon. We enrolled all SCD children with confirmed diagnosis of ACS, and recorded their clinical presentation at admission along with their evolution during hospitalization. Results: Twenty one cases of ACS were identified during the study period, from 338 hospitalizations of children with SCD. Ages ranged from 11 months to 16 years with a mean (standard deviation) of 5.5 (3.4) years, and a male/ female sex ratio of 3.2/1. We noticed relatively low levels of HbF, from 6.4 to 21.9 % with a mean of 14.6 % (6.0 %). The three main symptoms at admission were fever (90.5 %), cough (81 %) and chest pains (28.6 %). Two patients (9.5 %) developed ACS 2 days after admission. The mean values of leukocytes, neutrophils, serum CRP, serum LDH and hemoglobin were respectively 32479.4 (17862.3)/mm</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Background</head><p>Sickle cell disease (SCD), described for the first time by Herrick in 1910, is an autosomal recessively inherited genetic disorder caused by a single point mutation in the gene encoding the β-globin chain of hemoglobin <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2]</ref>. It is the most widespread and severe monogenetic disorder in the world <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref>, especially in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) where it represents a real public health hazard with 1 to 4 % of babies born affected <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref>. SCD is associated with multiple acute and chronic complications such as painful vasoocclusive events, cerebral vasculopathy, priapism, chronic kidney disease, acute chest syndrome (ACS) and pulmonary hypertension among others <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6]</ref>.</p><p>ACS is an acute lung injury syndrome that occurs frequently in patients with SCD. Indeed, it is the second most common cause of hospitalization, and the leading cause of death, contributing to almost 25 % of SCD-related mortality <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8]</ref>. Moreover, nearly half of deaths due to ACS occur in SCD patients less than 20 years of age <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>. Repeated episodes of ACS negatively impact long-term lung function, resulting thereby in chronic lung diseases <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref>.</p><p>ACS is currently defined as a new pulmonary infiltrate on chest X-ray consistent with alveolar consolidation but not atelectasis, in conjunction with at least one of the following clinical findings: fever (&gt;38.5°C), reduced oxygen saturation or PaO 2 (&lt;60 mmHg), tachypnea, intercostal retractions, nasal flaring or accessory muscle use, chest pain, cough, wheeze or rales <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12]</ref>. In 1979, Charache et al. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref> first suggested using the term "acute chest syndrome" for this complication, acknowledging the difficulties in determining its pathogenesis. Till nowadays, the pathophysiology of ACS remains not fully elucidated, yet multiple risk factors have been identified including: male sex, younger age, higher steady-state of leukocyte counts and hemoglobin level, lower hemoglobin F (HbF) concentrations, previous history of ACS, history of asthma, active smoking or environmental smoke exposure. Furthermore, ACS may be more severe in individuals with HbSS as compared with HbSC disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">[16]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17]</ref>.</p><p>The etiology of ACS is multifactorial. The three primary studied mechanisms include pneumonia or systemic infection, fat embolism, and direct pulmonary infarction from HbS-containing erythrocytes <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18]</ref>. The management of this condition is still largely determined by the experience of individual practitioners, and currently there are no conclusive randomized controlled clinical trials to guide therapy <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">[19]</ref>. The most common therapy includes nonspecific supportive care strategies aimed at hastening recovery to baseline, including: hospitalization, hydration, analgesics, broad-spectrum antibiotics, bronchodilators, incentive spirometry, supplemental oxygen, and blood transfusions <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19]</ref>.</p><p>Although SSA is particularly affected by SCD <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref>, there is paucity of data on this topic in the region, specifically targeting the magnitude of SCD-related complications. This study was thus undertaken, aiming at determining the burden of ACS and describing its clinical and therapeutic aspects among SCD children in a SSA tertiary pediatric health care facility.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Study setting and participants</head><p>This was a retrospective study conducted from September 2013 to June 2014 at the SCD unit of the Mother and Child Centre of the Chantal Biya Foundation. This is a pediatric reference Centre located in Yaoundé, the capital city of Cameroon, a SSA country. This tertiary health care facility receives almost 31,000 consultations with almost 7,000 hospitalizations annually, with patients coming from all over the country. Its SCD unit was opened in December 2008, and is used to dealing with routine out-patient consultations as well as daily follow-up of hospitalized SCD children.</p><p>We consecutively and exhaustively included all the patients aged below 18 years and hospitalized in the SCD unit during the study period. These were known SCD children and adolescents with a confirmed diagnosis of ACS (at entry or during hospitalization). The diagnosis of ACS was based on a new radiological alveolar consolidation at the chest X ray, alongside clinical signs and/or symptoms, in keeping with Ballas et al. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>, namely: fever (&gt;38.5°C), reduced oxygen saturation, tachypnea, intercostal retractions, nasal flaring or accessory muscle use, chest pain, cough, wheeze or rales. Patients who did not perform a chest X ray or whose chest X ray did not show any radiological alveolar consolidation were not included in the study. Data were recorded on socio-demographic characteristics, past medical history and events, main complaints and clinical examination at entry, biological and radiological exams (full blood count, thick blood smear, hemocultures, serum CRP (normal &lt; 6 mg/l), serum LDH (normal range 313-618 IU/l)) as well as the administered treatment and evolution during hospitalization.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Statistical methods</head><p>Statistical analyses used SPSS, version 20.0 (SPSS Inc, Chicago, Illinois, USA). Results are expressed as mean (Standard Deviation) or count (proportion) as appropriate. Qualitative variable comparisons used the χ 2 test or equivalents, and that of quantitative ones, the Student t test for paired samples or non-parametric equivalents. Odds ratios (OR) with 95 % confidence intervals (CI) were used to appreciate the impact of different variables on the duration of hospital stay, and were calculated by logistic regression analyses. A p value &lt; 0.05 was used to characterize statistically significant results.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Ethical considerations</head><p>All the procedures used in this survey were in accordance with the current revision of the Helsinki Declaration. This study received approval from the authorities of the Mother and Child Centre of the Chantal Biya Foundation, and was delivered an ethical clearance by the Ethical Review Board of the Faculty of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, University of Yaoundé I, Cameroon. As the study was retrospective, we could not obtain participants' parents/guardians' consent. Nonetheless, the need for consent was waived by the just-cited institutional review board.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>We recorded on the whole 21 cases of ACS during the study period, on 338 hospitalizations of children with SCD, hence an in-patient prevalence of 6.2 %. <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">Table 1</ref> displays the study population's general profile. Ages ranged from 11 months to 16 years, with a mean of 5.5 (3.4) years, and males were more represented than females with a sex ratio of 3.2/1 <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">(Tables 1 and 2</ref>). Only seven patients had a hemoglobin electrophoresis dating back to less than one year, HbS ranging from 55 % to 86 % with a mean of 75.1 (11.9) %, and HbF, from 6.4 % to 21.9 % with a mean of 14.6 (6.0) % <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Table 2</ref>). Only 38.1 % of children were regularly followed-up, i.e. were used to visiting the unit for a check-up at least every 3 months. Besides, not more than 33.3 % of our patients had been adequately vaccinated in accordance with their ages, and only 3 children aged 0-5 years (27.3 %) were currently taking an antibiotic prophylaxis <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">(Table 1)</ref>.</p><p>According to our patients' parents, duration of evolution of symptoms before consultation ranged from less than 24 h to almost 14 days, with a mean of 4.8 (4.2) days. The presenting complaints are reported in <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>. The three main symptoms were fever (90.5 %), cough (81 %), and chest pains (28.6 %). The main clinical signs we observed were pulmonary consolidation (100 %), an altered general appearance (61.9 %), clinical signs of anemia (57.1 %), a systemic inflammatory response syndrome (57.1 %), and signs of respiratory distress (33.3 %). Two patients (9.5 %) who were initially admitted for vaso-occlusive crises (VOC) developed ACS after 2 days of hospitalization.  <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>). The main localizations of radiological alveolar consolidations were the lower lobes (90.5 %). None of the 10 hemocultures performed was positive, and only one of the 15 thick blood smears performed to seek for malaria parasites was positive to Plasmodium species, specifically Plasmodium falciparum (6.7 %; <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>).</p><p>Patients were placed on two to three antibiotics: a betalactam (either ampicillin or ceftriaxone) + a macrolide (oral azithromycin) ± an aminoglycoside (gentamicin) ( <ref type="table" target="#tab_3">Table 4)</ref>. Two days after the fever had dropped, patients were switched to oral cephalosporin (cefixim) or amoxicillin accordingly, for a total duration of 10 to 14 days (both intravenously and orally). Two patients (9.5 %) initially placed on ceftriaxone were still presenting fever on the fourth day of antibiotherapy; they were subsequently switched to vancomycin for seven days with a good improvement. Adjuvant therapy included hyperhydration (100 %), paracetamol (100 %) for fever or pains, tramadol (42.9 %) and ibuprofen (23.8 %). Fourteen patients (66.7 %) were transfused with whole blood, and all of them concurrently received an anti-malarial treatment to prevent transfusion-transmitted malaria. All the seven patients (33.3 %) who presented signs of respiratory distress were placed on oxygen, its duration ranging from 1 to 5 days with a mean of 3.6 (1.6) days <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Tables 2, 3 and 4)</ref>. A control full blood count was performed only by seven of our patients 48 h after blood transfusion <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">(Table 3)</ref>. We did not find any statistical difference between the first and second leukocyte counts (p = 0.711), this being the same for neutrophil counts (p = 0.811). By contrast, we did notice a significant increase in hemoglobinemia (p = 0.039). The duration of hospitalization ranged from 3 to 12 days with a mean of 6.8 (3.1) days. One patient of the female sex died on the fourth day of hospitalization, hence a mortality rate of 4.8 % <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">(Tables 2 and 4</ref>). While investigating factors that could have impacted the duration of hospitalization, we found that age, sex, regular follow-up, immunization status, duration of evolution of symptoms prior to consultation, transfusion, oxygen, and the antibiotic used were not implicated in the determination of duration of hospitalization (all p values &gt; 0.05 as depicted by <ref type="table" target="#tab_4">Table 5</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>This study showed that ACS accounted for 6.2 % of SCD children hospital admissions with almost 2.1 SCD patients presenting ACS per month. This proportion is comparable to the 1.9 ACS episodes/month among hospitalized SCD children in Bruxelles <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>, and higher than the 1.4, 0.3 and 0.2 ACS episodes/month respectively reported in Brazzaville, Antananarivo and French Guiana <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref>. However, our prevalence of ACS is lower than the 10-20 % rate of hospital admissions reported by Miller and Gladwin in their review <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref>. Our prevalence may be an underestimate of the real burden of ACS among our children suffering from SCD for some reasons. First, hemoglobin electrophoresis is not systematically performed in our milieu, and many parents neither know their status nor that of their kids. As we considered only known SCD patients, some unknown SCD patients may have presented this condition and escaped from enrolment. Second, due to parents' financial constraints, we are used to performing just one chest x-ray during hospitalization. As a result, we could have missed all those whose first chest x-ray was normal but who developed ACS later on, given that radiographic findings in case of ACS may progress over time <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">23]</ref>. If it is true that a positive chest x-ray is the key element to define the disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>, there have been some claims that a single negative chest x-ray cannot exclude the disease <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref>, taking into account that clinical assessment may appear inadequate to identify ACS <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref>. It has been also suggested that every SCD patient presenting with fever must undergo a chest x-ray <ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">24]</ref>.</p><p>Consequently, close clinical monitoring alongside serial radiographic evaluation (without ignoring the risk of radiation) is necessary. In fact, it has been shown that ACS may develop 1 to 3 days after admission for VOC as there may exist a close relationship between ACS and VOC <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">11,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">24]</ref>. This is truer for adults than children, as the latter usually present with ACS at admission <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[26]</ref>. In our study for instance, only 2 children (9.5 %) developed ACS 2 days after admission, and pains were concomitantly associated in 52.4 % of cases. Some risk factors involved in the development of ACS during hospital stay have been identified such as the male sex, past medical history of ACS, thoracic pains at entry and use of morphine during hospitalization <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">27]</ref>.</p><p>Although we did not assess risk factors of developing ACS, we observed a male predominance and relatively low levels of HbF, in line with the literature <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17]</ref>. We also found that fever (90.5 %), cough (81 %) and thoracic pains (28.6 %) were the main symptoms in keeping with previous reports <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">21,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">28]</ref>, these symptoms being mainly in favor of pulmonary infections. Despite the fact that we  <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">21,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b22">23]</ref>. Besides, we observed that radiological abnormalities of the lower lobes (90.5 %) were the prevailing ones, mirroring previous findings <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">28]</ref>. Contrariwise, other studies  showed that the main radiological localizations of ACS were the upper lobes in children, and the lower ones in adults <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">20]</ref>. While the upper lobes predominance has been associated with an infectious etiology especially in children, the lower or multi-lobes predominance has been linked to pulmonary thrombosis and fat embolism <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">20]</ref> or rib infarction <ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref>. Our results are therefore suggestive that the pathogenesis of ACS in our setting is also multifactorial. Further well-designed studies with large sample sizes are warranted to better elucidate the etiology of ACS in our setting.</p><p>In line with the literature <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">22]</ref>, our management of ACS included broad-spectrum antibiotherapy, hydration, analgesics, supplemental oxygen and transfusion, but none of these supportive care impacted the duration of hospital stay. Actually, only patients presenting respiratory distress were placed on oxygen, mainly due to limitation of resources. Likewise, we transfused only SCD patients who had a hemoglobin level ≤ 7 g/dl given that blood safety remains an issue of major concern in the milieu <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">[29]</ref>. Although transfusion did not reduce the hospital stay, it significantly increased the hemoglobin level (p = 0.039), perhaps improving therefore the clinical state of our patients. Early transfusion of SCD patients presenting with ACS should be encouraged in SSA settings, especially transfusion of packed red blood cells instead of whole blood to reduce transfusion-related adverse reactions, despite recurrent blood shortages that occur in the region <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">[30]</ref>. Nonetheless, more studies are needed to underpin this suggestion with robust scientific evidence and indicate which threshold should be considered to transfuse SCD children suffering from ACS.</p><p>The mean duration of hospitalization we found (6.8 days) is comparable to the 7 days-duration reported by Bertholdt et al. <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>, but a bit higher than findings from Vichinsky et al. (5.4 days) <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref> and lower than what has been reported by Vichinsky et al. in another study <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref> and Hunald et al. <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref>: more than 10 days and 12 days respectively. Introduction of other supportive care in our practice like bronchodilators and incentive spirometry as elsewhere <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19]</ref>, along with systematic oxygen supplementation and early blood transfusion could substantially reduce the duration of hospital stay. Furthermore, the use of dexamethasone deserves some close considerations. In fact, there is body of evidence bolstering that low dose dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg/12 × 4 doses) significantly diminished the duration of hospital stay, the need for blood transfusion, oxygen and analgesics use, and duration of fever, without a rebound effect <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">[31]</ref> which was observed with high dose methylprednisolone in cases of VOC <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">[32]</ref>.</p><p>One of our patients died, hence a mortality rate of 4.8 % which concurs the 4 % percentage obtained by Bertholdt et al. in Belgium <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>. This was an inadequatelyvaccinated and unregularly-followed female SCD patient aged 18 months, with a HbF level of 18.9 %. She was brought to consult for fever, cough and respiratory distress, and the chest x-ray revealed medium and lower right lobes alveolar consolidations. Titers of LDH and CRP were respectively 10366 IU/l and 414 mg/l. She was placed on a triple antibiotherapy (ceftriaxone, gentamycin and azithromycin), oxygen supplementation, and was transfused as well. But she died at day 4 of hospitalization in a context of severe sepsis.</p><p>Unfortunately, the retrospective design and small sample size constitute some weaknesses of the present study. Besides, generalization of our results may be impeded by the use of data collected from only one hospital centre. Another limitation is that biological data were incomplete due to parents' financial limitations, as the study was not sponsored. Nonetheless, in this particularly difficult context, we carried-out serious and reliable data collection and analyses, and have shown that despite the difficulties in managing our patients, the outcome is relatively similar when compared with resource-rich settings in terms of duration of hospital stay and mortality rate. Eventually, and to the best of our knowledge, this is the first study conducted in our milieu targeting ACS burden and presentations.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>ACS is frequent among SCD children in our milieu. Its etiologies seem to be multifactorial including infection, pulmonary thrombosis and fat embolism. After an initial normal chest x-ray, especially in a patient presenting with VOC, repeated clinical evaluation must be conducted and possible changes in the clinical status should indicate the necessity of a new radiographic examination. Patients' parents should be educated to recognize early signs and symptoms of the disease, and consult rapidly. Additionally, clinicians must be trained to correctly diagnose ACS, and manage it promptly and efficiently to avoid its related catastrophic consequences. Additive treatment such as incentive spirometry, bronchodilators and even low dose dexamethasone could perhaps be introduced in our settings to reduce the hospital stay and hasten recovery. On recovery, treatment with hydroxyurea should be discussed to reduce the likelihood of recurrent episodes.</p><p>Abbreviations ACS: Acute chest syndrome; Hb: Hemoglobin; SCD: Sickle cell disease; SSA: Sub-Saharan Africa; VOC: Vaso-occlusive crisis.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Results of biological tests showed very high levels of leukocytes, neutrophils, serum CRP and serum LDH. In- deed, their mean values were 32479.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="true"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>General profile of the study population</figDesc><table>Characteristic 
Number 
(N = 21) 

Percentage (%) 

Age groups 

0 -5 years 
11 
52.4 

&gt; 5 years 
10 
47.6 

Sex 

Male 
16 
76.2 

Female 
5 
23.8 

Region of origin 

Adamawa 
1 
4.8 

Centre 
11 
52.3 

Littoral 
1 
4.8 

North-West 
2 
9.5 

South 
3 
14.3 

West 
3 
14.3 

Regularly followed-up 

No 
13 
61.9 

Yes 
9 
38.1 

Adequately vaccinated for the age 

No 
14 
66.7 

Yes 
7 
33.3 

Currently taking folic acid 

No 
12 
52.1 

Yes 
9 
47.9 

Currently taking antibiotic prophylaxis 
For the 0-5 years old (N = 11) 

No 
8 
72.7 

Yes 
3 
27.3 </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="true"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Summary of quantitative variables</figDesc><table>Variable 
Min 
Max 
Mean 
SD 
Median 
IQR 

Age (years) N = 21 
0.92 
16 
5.5 
3.4 
5.0 
3.4-7 

HbS (%) N = 7 
55 
86 
75.1 
11.9 
77.9 
66-86 

HbF (%) N = 7 
6.4 
21.9 
14.6 
6.0 
14.8 
9.7-19.7 

Leukocytes (/mm 
3 ) N = 18 
10600 
73900 
32479.4 
17862.3 
30295 
19050-37875 

Neutrophils (/mm 
3 ) N = 18 
4800 
51600 
23476 
11543.7 
24100 
11600-28100 

Hemoglobinemia (g/dl) N = 18 
4.9 
8.4 
6.48 
1.15 
6.25 
5.4-7.6 

Serum LDH (UI/l) N = 11 
1307 
10366 
3452.3 
2916.3 
2093 
1623-5301 

Serum CRP (mg/l) N = 14 
4.5 
432 
228.2 
132.6 
233.5 
89-326 

Leukocytes 
a (/mm 

3 

) N = 7 
8300 
39100 
21557.2 
11843.3 
18900 
11000-35200 

Neutrophils 
a (/mm 
3 ) N = 7 
5800 
29716 
16319.3 
10892.7 
13400 
6475-29100 

Hemoglobinemia 
a (g/dl) N = 7 
7.5 
13.9 
9.6 
2.3 
9.4 
7.5-10.6 

Duration of oxygen therapy (days) N = 7 
1 
5 
3.6 
1.6 
4 
2-5 

Duration of hospitalization (days) N = 21 
3 
12 
6.8 
3.1 
6 
5-9.5 

a 

control values </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="true"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Clinical features of ACS</figDesc><table>Number 
(N = 21) 

Percentage 
(%) 

Duration of evolution of symptoms before 
consultation 

≤ 48 h 
6 
28.6 

&gt; 48 h 
15 
71.4 

Symptoms motivating consultation 

Fever 
19 
90.5 

Cough 
17 
81 

Thoracic pains 
6 
28.6 

Generalized pains 
6 
28.6 

Abdominal pains 
5 
23.8 

Dyspnea 
5 
23.8 

Asthenia 
2 
9.5 

Referred for management of severe anemia 3 
14.3 

Priapism 
1 
4.8 

Vomiting 
1 
4.8 

Clinical signs 

Altered general appearance 
13 
61.9 

Pulmonary consolidation 
21 
100 

Clinical anemia 
12 
57.1 

Respiratory distress 
7 
33.3 

Systemic inflammatory response syndrome 12 
57.1 

Jaundice 
2 
9.5 

Hemoglobinuria 
1 
4.8 

Result of the chest X ray 

Right upper lobe consolidation 
2 
9.5 

Right middle and lower lobes 
consolidation 

2 
9.5 

Right lower lobe consolidation 
12 
57.1 

Left lower lobe consolidation 
3 
14.3 

Right and left lower lobes consolidation 
2 
9.5 

Hemocultures 

Not done 
11 
52.4 

Negative 
10 
47.6 

Positive 
0 
0 

Malaria parasitemia (by thick blood smear) 

Not done 
6 
28.6 

Negative 
14 
66.7 

Positive 
1 
4.8 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="true"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Management and outcome</figDesc><table>Number (N = 21) Percentage (%) 

Antibiotherapy 

Beta-lactam 

Ceftriaxone (IV: 50 mg/kg/day) 
10 
47.6 

Ampicillin (IV: 50 mg/kg/8 h) 
11 
52.4 

Gentamicin (IV: 3 mg/kg/day) 
16 
76.2 

Azithromycin (oral: 5-10 mg/kg/day) 21 
100 

Adjuvant therapy 

Tramadol (IV: 1-2 mg/kg/6 h) 
9 
42.9 

Paracetamol (oral or IV: 
15 mg/kg/6 h) 

21 
100 

Ibuprofen (oral: 10 mg/kg/8 h) 
5 
23.8 

Hyperhydration (2.5-3 l/m 
2 BS 

a 

) 
21 
100 

Anti-malarial treatment 

No 
7 
33.3 

Yes 
14 
66.7 

Oxygen therapy 

No 
14 
66.7 

Yes 
7 
33.3 

Transfusion 

No 
7 
33.3 

Yes 
14 
66.7 

Death 

Yes 
1 
4.8 

No 
20 
95.2 

Duration of hospitalization 

≤ 5 days 
8 
38.1 

&gt; 5 days 
13 
61.9 

a 

BS = Body surface; IV = intravenous </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="true"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Factors influencing the duration of hospitalization (equal or below 5 days)</figDesc><table>Variable 
Odds ratio 95 % Confidence interval p value 

Age 

0 -5 years 
0.375 
0.061 -2.305 
0.268 

&gt; 5 years 
1 

Sex 

Male 
1 

Female 
3.3 
0.413 -26.366 
0.262 

Regularly followed-up 

No 
1.042 
0.169 -6.402 
0.664 

Yes 
1 

Immunization status 

Not good for age 
0.300 
0.045 -1.993 
0.213 

Good for age 
1 

Duration of symptoms 

≤ 48 h 
5.5 
0.710 -42.600 
0.115 

&gt; 48 h 
1 

Transfusion 

No 
2.0 
0.291 -13.738 
0.410 

Yes 
1 

Oxygen therapy 

No 
6 
0.565 -63.676 
0.113 

Yes 
1 

Antibiotic used 

Ceftriaxone 
1 

Ampicillin 
1.944 
0.322 -11.756 
0.392 </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>The authors gratefully acknowledge the medical staff of the SCD unit of the Mother and Child Centre, as well as all the nurses, especially Mrs. Essomba Evarine and Tanjon Rita for their constant devotion to care for these vulnerable SCD children. They also want to thank Chavely Gwladys Monamele who helped them to revise the manuscript. </p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Competing interests</head><p>The authors declare that they have no competing interests.</p><p>Authors' contributions JRNN conceived and designed the study, collected and analyzed the data, and drafted the manuscript. ANAY participated in study conception and design, in data collection, and in critical revision of the manuscript. DC, SAT, HDMA, JS and PONK participated in critical revision of the manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Deconstructing sickle cell disease: reappraisal of the role of hemolysis in the development of clinical subphenotypes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gladwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Steinberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="37" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sickle-cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rees</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gladwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">376</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2018" to="2049" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A case for developing North-south partnerships for research in sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Weatherall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hofman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rodgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Ruffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Hrynkow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">105</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="921" to="924" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence and risk factors for pulmonary artery systolic hypertension among sickle cell disease patients in Nigeria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Aliyu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Gordeuk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Sachdev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Babadoko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Mamman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Akpanpe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Hematol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="485" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Health-related quality of life in children with sickle cell disease: Child and parent perception</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Panepinto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>O&amp;apos;mahar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Debaun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Loberiza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Br J Haematol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">130</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="437" to="481" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pulmonary complications of sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gladwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Respir Crit Care Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">185</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1154" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mortality in sickle cell disease. Life expectancy and risk factors for early death</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Platt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brambilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Rosse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Milner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Castro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Steinberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">330</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1639" to="1683" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory distress and drepanocytosis].[Article in French</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Fauroux</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Pediatr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="82" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease: clinical presentation and course. Cooperative study of sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Vichinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Styles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Colangelo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Wright</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Castro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Nickerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1787" to="92" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of acute chest syndrome on lung function of children with sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Sylvester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Patey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Milligan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Rafferty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Broughton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Rees</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Pediatr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">149</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17" to="22" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute chest syndrome of sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Bernard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Yasin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Venkat</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hospital Physician</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5" to="23" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Definitions of the phenotypic manifestations of sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Ballas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lieff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Benjamin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Dampier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Heeney</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Hoppe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Hematol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="6" to="13" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute chest syndrome&quot; in adults with sickle cell anemia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Charache</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Charache</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Arch Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">139</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">67</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1979" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Asthma in children with sickle cell disease and its association with acute chest syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Knight-Madden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Forrester</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lewis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Greenough</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Thorax</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="206" to="216" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Respiratory complications of sickle cell anemia in children: the acute chest syndrome]. [Article in French</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bertholdt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">Q</forename><surname>Lê</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Heijmans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Huybrechts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Dedeken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Devalck</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Med Brux</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="138" to="182" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease: incidence and risk factors. The Cooperative Study of Sickle Cell Disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Castro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Brambilla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Thorington</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Reindorf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Gillette</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="643" to="652" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hemorheological risk factors of acute chest syndrome and painful vaso-occlusive crisis in children with sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Lamarre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Romana</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Waltz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lalanne-Mistrih</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Tressières</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Divialledoumdo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Haematologica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1641" to="1648" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pulmonary complications of sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Gladwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Vichinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">359</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2254" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How I treat acute chest syndrome in children with sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">117</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5297" to="305" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sickle-cell crisis in the child and teenager in Brazzaville, Congo. A retrospective study of 587 cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Babela</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Nzingoula</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Senga</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bull Soc Pathol Exot</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="365" to="70" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Article in French</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute thoracic syndrome in child sickle-cell disease]. [Article in French</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hunald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ajc</forename><surname>Rakotoarisoa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Rajaobelison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mfv</forename><surname>Rajaonarivony</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hjl</forename><surname>Rakotovao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Rakoto-Ratsimba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Trop Chir</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="41" to="44" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Associated factors of acute chest syndrome in children with sickle cell disease in French Guiana</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Elenga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Cuadro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Martin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Cohen-Addad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Basset</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Pediatr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">213681</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Causes and outcomes of the acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease. National acute chest syndrome study group</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Vichinsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Neumayr</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Earles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Lennette</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Dean</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">342</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1855" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Painful vasoocclusive crisis as a prodromal phase of acute chest syndrome. Is only one chest X-ray enough? A case report</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Neocleous</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Spanou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Adramerina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Spyrou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Tzanetis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Prague Med Rep</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="180" to="185" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The role of rib infarcts in the acute chest syndrome of sickle cell diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rucknagel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Pediatr Pathol Mol Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Complications aiguës de la drépanocytose</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Habibi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bachir</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Godeau</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Prat</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1548" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Morphine is associated with acute chest syndrome in children hospitalized with sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Birken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Khambalia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dupuis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Pastor</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Padavattan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hosp Pediatr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="149" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Acute chest syndrome in children with sickle cell disease. A retrospective analysis of 100 hospitalized cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Sprinkle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Cole</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Buchanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Pediatr Hematol Oncol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="115" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sero-epidemiology of human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis B and C viruses, and syphilis infections among first-time blood donors in Edéa, Cameroon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Noubiap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Joko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Nansseu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Tene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Siaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="832" to="839" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What is the best strategy for the prevention of transfusion-transmitted malaria in sub-Saharan African countries where malaria is endemic?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Nansseu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Noubiap</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Ndoula</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Zeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Monamele</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Malar J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">465</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Beneficial effect of intravenous dexamethasone in children with mild to moderately severe acute chest syndrome complicating sickle cell disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Bernini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Rogers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Sandler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Reisch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Quinn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Buchanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Blood</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">92</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3082" to="3091" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Submit your next manuscript to BioMed Central and take full advantage of: • Convenient online submission • Thorough peer review • No space constraints or color figure charges • Immediate publication on acceptance • Inclusion in PubMed, CAS, Scopus and Google Scholar • Research which is freely available for redistribution</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Griffin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Mcintire</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Buchanan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">330</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="733" to="740" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>High-dose intravenous methylprednisolone therapy for pain in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease. Submit your manuscript at www.biomedcentral.com/submit</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
