<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:04+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">FirstCite e-publishing Intense selection in an age-structured population</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date>5 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 21 29 30 31</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alison</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Galvani</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Integrative Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of California</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>94720</postCode>
									<settlement>Berkeley</settlement>
									<region>CA</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Montgomery</forename><surname>Slatkin</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Department of Integrative Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of California</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>94720</postCode>
									<settlement>Berkeley</settlement>
									<region>CA</region>
									<country key="US">USA</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">FirstCite e-publishing Intense selection in an age-structured population</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published">5 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 21 29 30 31</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1098/rspb.2003.2573</idno>
					<note type="submission">Received 8 July 2003 Accepted 1 September 2003 32 Published online 36 44 45 46 47 48</note>
					<note>1 2 3 4 59 60 61</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>age structure</term>
					<term>disease resistance</term>
					<term>population genetics</term>
					<term>temporal dynamics</term>
					<term>virulence</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>51</head><p>In a population with overlapping generations, intense selection can perturb the age distribution and thus 52 affect the rate of increase of an advantageous allele. We found that the age-specific nature of intense 53 selection, such as that generated by many diseases, can affect the response of selection on, for example, 54 loci conferring disease resistance. We also found that the temporal dynamics of selection alter the speed 55 of evolution, particularly when selection is intense, and even more so when it is age-specific. We relate  </p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>in the targeted age classes at the initial stable age distri-170 bution. Age-specific diseases were assumed to target hosts 171 over a 5 year range (e.g. 5-10 years). with age structure compared to p T from a population 186 without age structure. When R Ͼ 1, A is more frequent 187 than would be expected if age structure were ignored.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>188</head><p>When R Ͻ 1, A is less frequent in an age-structured popu-189 lation than expected in a population without age structure.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>190</head><p>We assumed that the sex ratio is equal within all age homozygotes (z), heterozygotes (h) and resistant homozy-202 gotes (r) in age class 0 during one time-step are given by: given by: The population dynamics of the system without age struc-218 ture are defined by:  </p><formula xml:id="formula_0">203 z 0,i ϩ1 = (1 Ϫ 1 )␣ 1 k x = 1 q 2 x,i m x f x,i , (2.3) 204 205 h 0,i ϩ1 = ␣ 1 k x = 1 2 p x,i q x,i m x f x,i ,<label>(2.</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_1">211 z x,i ϩ1 = (1 Ϫ x )␣ x z x,i , (2.6) 212 213 h x,i ϩ1 = ␣ x h x,i ,<label>(2.</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_2">219 z i ϩ1 = (1 Ϫ )q 2 i g ,<label>(2.</label></formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">RESULTS</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>230</head><p>(a) Analytical results</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>231</head><p>The size of each age class at the stable age distribution </p><formula xml:id="formula_3">242 u x = l x Ϫx k y = 0 (y ϩ 1)m y l y Ϫ y Ϫ1 . (3.2)</formula><p>With this choice, when a population is at a stable age dis-  </p><formula xml:id="formula_4">273 n 0,tϩ1 = 1 2 k x = 0 [n x,t Pr(aa) ϩ N x,t Pr(Aa)]m x , (3.7) 274 275</formula><p>where Pr(aa) is the probability that the father has genotype 276 aa, and Pr(Aa) is the probability that the father has geno-277 type Aa.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>278</head><p>Because we have assumed that mating occurs only 279 between individuals in the same age class,</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>280</head><p>Pr(aa) = N x,t /(N x,t ϩ n x,t ) and Pr(Aa) = n x,t /(N x,t ϩ n x,t ).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>281</head><p>Retaining terms only in the first power of n x,t , we obtain </p><formula xml:id="formula_5">282 n 0,tϩ1 = k x = 0 n x,t m x ,<label>(3.</label></formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>292</head><p>In generation t,</p><formula xml:id="formula_6">293 p t = k x = 0 n x,t 2 k x = 0 N x,t . (3.9) 294 295</formula><p>At t = 0, both the aa and Aa individuals are assumed to 296 be in the stable age distribution, so   and p 0 is a constant.</p><formula xml:id="formula_7">297 p 0 = n 0 k x = 0 u x 2N 0 k x = 0 u x = n 0 2N 0 .<label>(3.</label></formula><formula xml:id="formula_8">p t = n 0 k x = 0 u x 2C k x = 0 ũ x ͩ λ ͪ t = p 0 (1 ϩ s) t ,<label>(3.</label></formula></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>308</head><p>If there were no age structure, then for t Ͼ 0, the fre-309 quency of A while it is rare is given by equation (2.1). of host age (figure 2). For = 0.2-0.9, the resulting selec-383 tion intensity (s) due to continuous disease mortality was 384 at least 20% higher when age structure was ignored.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>385</head><p>In the absence of age structure, p remained constant affect. In the periodic case, the targeted age class was able 417 to build up during the inter-epidemic period before it was 418 subjected to another pulse of selection.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>419</head><p>The effects of both age structuring and periodicity epidemic in an age-structured population was over twice 426 that generated without age structure. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>otherwise stated, each system was initiated with 174 p 0 = 5 × 10 Ϫ5 , equivalent to one copy of the resistance 175 allele in 10 000 diploid individuals. We define s as the 176 selection intensity per 25 years (approximately one gener- 177 ation, t) acting on A, averaged over the entire 350 years 178 simulated (i.e. over 14 total generations, T ). It is calcu- 179 lated from the change in p: 180 s = ln( p T Ϫ p 0 )change in p over time and the final proportion of 183 resistant alleles reached by the end of the simulation is 184 p T . R is defined as the ratio of p T obtained in a population 185</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>number of z, h and r in age classes 1-54 are 210</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head>(</head><label></label><figDesc>is proportional to l x Ϫx where is the dominant eigenvalue 233 that determines the exponential rate of increase of popu- 234 lation size. The dominant eigenvalue is the (unique) posi-Pollard 1973). It is convenient to define the proportion 240 of individuals in each class (u x ), and hence the stable age 241 distribution, as follows:</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>tribution, the sum of the reproductive values of all individ- 246 uals over age classes is the total population size. The 247 reproductive value of an individual of age x iswith u x defined in equation (3.2) 251 k x = 0 u x v x = 1. (3.4)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head>10) 298 299Figure 1 .</head><label>2981</label><figDesc>Figure 1. Dependence of R, defined by equation (3.13), on</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_7"><head>310 Equation ( 3 .</head><label>3103</label><figDesc>11) has this form but the coefficient differs 311 because of the adjustment of the aa population to the new 312 life table. The long-term effect of this adjustment is sum-appears to be no simple dependence of R on the 317 period of 350 years. This gave a total of 58 years of dis- 371 ease, and 292 years without disease. In the continuous 372 case, the period of disease lasted for 58 years and was then 373 followed by a period of 292 years without disease. Thus, 374 both the total duration of the disease period and the total 375 duration of periods without disease were the same irres- 376 pective of disease periodicity. The point at which the block 377 of 58 years of continuous disease occurred within the 350 378 years made negligible quantitative difference. 379 (c) Age-independent disease 380 Age structuring reduced selection intensity, particularly 381 at high levels of virulence when disease was independent 382</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_8"><head>Figure 2 .Figure 3 .Figure 4 .Figure 5 .</head><label>2345</label><figDesc>Figure 2. Increase in selection intensity (s) at different levels</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_9"><head>=</head><label></label><figDesc>90%, the resulting selection intensity (s) for a periodic 425</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_10"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>dynamics of diseases that have shaped 429 the population genetics of resistance loci requires an 430 understanding of the effects of age structure, the age speci- 431 ficity of disease mortality and the periodicity of epidemiol- 432 ogical dynamics. We found that when selection was 433 intense, the response to selection for resistance depended 434 in a complex way on the age dependence and periodicity 435</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>ratios based on p and q in each age class.</figDesc><table>191 

classes, which is equivalent to assuming that the life tables 

192 

are the same for males and females. Mating was random 

193 

with respect to genotype within each age class, such that 

194 

offspring are produced according to Hardy-Weinberg 

195 

196 

(e) Numerical model 

197 

To explore the impact of the inter-epidemic period of 

198 

a disease, we employed a discrete-time model, with a time-

199 

step, i, of 1 year. The number of females in an age class 

200 

x at time-step i is f x,i . Changes in number of susceptible 

1 

2 

Proc. R. Soc. Lond. B 

3 

1 

PROCB: proceedings of the royal society 

2 

14-10-03 14:13:01 Rev 16.04x PROCBD657P 

3 

201 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Initially, A is sufficiently rare that, to a first approxi-mation, AA individuals can be ignored. The effect of thedisease on the individuals is an increase in mortalityresulting in a new life table l˜x. Because we assumed that 264 A confers complete and genetically dominant resistance,Aa heterozygotes are unaffected by the disease and havethe same life table as before the epidemic, l x .To find the rate of increase in A, let N x,t be the numberof aa homozygotes at t and let n x,t be the number of Aa</figDesc><table>1 2 3 

1 

Age structure under selection¼¼1¼¼ A. P. Galvani and M. Slatkin 03pb0657.3 

2 

3 

253 

For any initial age distribution, the population size at the 

254 

stable age distribution is determined by u x and v x : 

255 

N x,t Ϸ Cu x 
t , 
(3.5) 

256 

257 

where 

258 

C = 

k 

x = 0 

N x,0 v x . 
(3.6) 

259 

260 

261 

262 

263 

265 

266 

267 

268 

269 

heterozygotes. Ignoring the AA homozygotes and using 

270 

the deterministic theory of selection in an age-structured 

271 

population (Charlesworth 1994), we can find the number 

272 

of newborn heterozygotes in generation t ϩ 1: 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>population with life table l x and fertility schedule m x .</figDesc><table>8) 

283 

284 

where n x,t = l x n 0,tϪx . This result indicates that the popu-

285 

lation of Aa females behaves as if it is an autonomous 

286 

287 

Because we assumed that the heterozygotes are unaffected 

288 

by the epidemic, the population of heterozygotes will 

289 

remain in the stable age distribution given by equation 

290 

(3.2) and continue to grow exponentially at rate after 

291 

t = 0. 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>where s is defined to be the per generation selection inten-</figDesc><table>11) 

302 

303 

304 

sity, 

305 

s = ͩ 

λ ͪ Ϫ 1, 

(3.12) 

306 

307 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl/>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
