<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Cats are not small dogs: is there an immunological explanation for why cats are less affected by arthropod-borne disease than dogs?</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
							<email>m.j.day@bristol.ac.uk</email>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">School of Veterinary Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Bristol</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>BS40 5DU</postCode>
									<settlement>Langford</settlement>
									<region>North Somerset</region>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Cats are not small dogs: is there an immunological explanation for why cats are less affected by arthropod-borne disease than dogs?</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1186/s13071-016-1798-5</idno>
					<note>R E V I E W Open Access Cats are not small dogs: is there an immunological explanation for why cats are less affected by arthropod-borne disease than dogs? Correspondence:</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>
					<term>Cat</term>
					<term>Dog</term>
					<term>Arthropod-borne infectious disease</term>
					<term>Disease prevalence</term>
					<term>Immune system</term>
					<term>Immune function</term>
					<term>Genetics</term>
					<term>Microbiome</term>
				</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Abstract</head><p>It is widely recognized that cats appear to be less frequently affected by arthropod-borne infectious diseases than dogs and share fewer zoonotic pathogens with man. This impression is supported by the relative lack of scientific publications related to feline vector-borne infections. This review explores the possible reasons for the difference between the two most common small companion animal species, including the hypothesis that cats might have a genetically-determined immunological resistance to arthropod vectors or the microparasites they transmit. A number of simple possibilities might account for the lower prevalence of these diseases in cats, including factors related to the lifestyle and behaviour of the cat, lesser spend on preventative healthcare for cats and reduced opportunities for research funding for these animals. The dog and cat have substantially similar immune system components, but differences in immune function might in part account for the markedly distinct prevalence and clinicopathological appearance of autoimmune, allergic, idiopathic inflammatory, immunodeficiency, neoplastic and infectious diseases in the two species. Cats have greater genetic diversity than dogs with much lower linkage disequilibrium in feline compared with canine breed groups. Immune function is intrinsically related to the nature of the intestinal microbiome and subtle differences between the canine and feline microbial populations might also impact on immune function and disease resistance. The reasons for the apparent lesser susceptibility of cats to arthropod-borne infectious diseases are likely to be complex, but warrant further investigation.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Background</head><p>In recent years there has been renewed interest in investigating the epidemiology, clinicopathological mechanisms and phylogeny of the causative organisms of canine arthropod-borne infectious diseases. Molecular and immunological tools have allowed the discovery of novel pathogens, the reclassification of other microorganisms and provided the ability to undertake surveillance studies that track the geographical movement of these agents and their arthropod vectors. Some of these studies are performed from a 'One Health' perspective; with the recognition that many of the canine arthropod-borne infections are zoonotic or that the dog may act as a reservoir or sentinel for human infection <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref>. As our companion dogs so closely share our lifestyle and indoor environment, there is recognition that control of these diseases must involve strategies to prevent infection in both people and dogs. One of the strongest cases for a One Health approach to these diseases is that of zoonotic visceral leishmaniosis, where prevention of human infection necessitates control of infection in the canine reservoir in addition to management of the sand fly vector <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref>.</p><p>But what of the other important small companion animal species -the domestic cat? The cat is ubiquitous in both developed and developing societies and equally shares the human environment with the dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref>. Where numbers of small companion animals are estimated, it is clear that there are similar populations of pet dogs and cats living in human households <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref> and in developing countries there are significant, but unquantified, populations of stray or community-owned dogs and cats. For example, in the USA in 2011 there were an estimated 69 million dogs living in 36.5 % of households and 74 million cats in 30.4 % of households <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref>. In the UK in the same year, there were an estimated 11.5 million dogs in 30 % of households and 10 million cats in 23 % of households <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref>. But despite the popularity of the cat as a companion animal, there is relatively little knowledge about the prevalence or nature of feline arthropod-borne infectious diseases. Recent reviews cover these infections <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8]</ref>, but it is clear that we understand less about the same agents in cats compared with dogs. Anecdotally, it is often suggested that cats are less affected by arthropod-borne diseases than dogs and that this may be attributed to some form of natural resistance to these pathogens or their vectors. This would appear to be supported by a relatively low prevalence of most infections recorded in cats in areas in which the diseases are endemic <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref>. The aim of this review is to explore this hypothesis and examine the evidence that underpins this proposal.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Do cats get less arthropod-borne infectious disease and if so, why?</head><p>A recent study suggests that the number of zoonoses shared between man and different domestic animal species is determined by the time since that species was domesticated. The dog shares the most infectious diseases with people as dogs were first domesticated at least 15,000 years ago. In contrast, feline diseases shared with man are suggested to be only one third of the number of those of the dog because domestication of the cat occurred 10,000 years ago <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref>.</p><p>If one considers the prevalence of the major arthropodborne infectious diseases of small companion animals, a 'broad brush' perspective would suggest that cats are less affected by these conditions than dogs <ref type="table" target="#tab_0">(Table 1)</ref>. To assess this in a somewhat more robust fashion, a search of the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database (performed in May 2016) was performed using the search terms 'dog AND arthropod borne disease' , 'cat AND arthropod borne disease' , 'dog AND vector borne disease' and 'cat AND vector borne disease'. Between 1997 and May 2016, this search revealed 496 publications for the dog and 175 for the cat, with marked rises in the number of publications related to both species from 2008 onwards.</p><p>So what could be the reasons for the apparent difference in the prevalence of canine and feline arthropod-borne diseases? There are many possibilities and a number of these are far more pragmatic than the more interesting hypothesis of some form of natural resistance of the feline species to these diseases. The fewer publications may simply reflect the fact that less research is performed on the feline diseases, because there is less funding available for feline research and consequently there are fewer commercially available diagnostic tests or published research methodologies for the cat. The research community that focuses on feline arthropod-borne infectious diseases is much smaller than that which studies the equivalent disorders in the dog.</p><p>An alternative hypothesis might be that cats are simply taken for veterinary attention less often than dogs and the diseases are consequently less often diagnosed and recorded. Fewer available cases of a particular disease or infection makes it much more challenging to aquire a sufficient number of cases for a meaningful research investigation. Owner spend on preventative healthcare is thought to be less for cats than for dogs. For example, it has been suggested that cats are less frequently vaccinated than dogs. A UK survey of 3103 cat owners showed that 69 % of cats were currently vaccinated, but the survey likely selected for more dedicated cat owners <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref>. In the USA, 81 % of dog-owning households made at least one veterinary visit in 2011 spending an average of $227 per dog, but only 55 % of cat owners sought veterinary attention, spending an average of $90 per cat <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref>. Lesser preventative healthcare in turn may relate simply to the relatively independent nature and lifestyle of cats, the fact that cats are better able to 'hide' the signs of illness, the lesser value Haemotropic Mycoplasma</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Problem only in splenectomized dogs</head><p>Common and clinically significant <ref type="bibr" target="#b108">[108]</ref> Hepatozoonosis Relatively common often placed on cats by society and the practical difficulties in transporting a cat for veterinary attention. Preventative healthcare veterinary visits also appear to decline with increasing age of the cat <ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref>. The feline lifestyle per se may also impact on the prevalence of arthropod-borne infections. In some countries, many more cats have an indoor only lifestyle that of course minimizes the risk of exposure to arthropods <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">16]</ref>. But, even where cats have outdoor access, does their behaviour also limit arthropod exposure? Are cats better able to avoid questing ticks or sandfly bites or does their more fastidious grooming behaviour mean that they are likely to dislodge ticks before transmission of a microparasite? Or is it possible that cats have a natural chemical signal that provides resistance to arthropod bites as do individual humans <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17]</ref>?</p><p>However, the most interesting hypothesis would be that cats have a natural, genetically controlled immunological resistance to arthropods and the microorganisms they transmit. Perhaps the feline immune system is less susceptible to the range of immunomodulatory salivary proteins contained within arthropod saliva <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">[19]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref> and the cat is more competent at generating protective or sterilizing immune responses to arthropod-borne pathogens. The remainder of this review will focus on the feline immune system and whether there are differences to that of the dog that might account for an apparent difference in susceptibilty to these pathogens.</p><p>Are there differences between the canine and feline immune systems?</p><p>Only 30 years ago the study of canine and feline immunology was in its infancy, with few reagents and techniques limiting the ability to investigate humoral and cellular immune responses. The discovery of the feline immunodeficiency virus and the suggestion that the cat was an appropriate model for human immuodeficiency virus infection led to a period of research funding and development of immunological methods throughout the 1990s <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[25]</ref>. Shortly after there was similar development of reagents for canine immunology and interest in exploring canine immunogenetics and the association of canine diseases with genes of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) <ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[26]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">[27]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">[28]</ref>. The most significant breakthrough in canine immunology came with publication of the canine genome in 2005 <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">[29]</ref>, which enabled the rapid development of molecular means of detecting and characterizing a wide range of canine cytokines, chemokines, pattern recognition receptors and lymphocyte subsets. Similar methodology was developed for feline immunology, although the first complete feline genome was not published until 2014 <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">[30]</ref>.</p><p>Broadly assessing the published literature on canine and feline immunology, there are no simple significant differences between the two species <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">[31]</ref>. Both species have the same range of lymphoid subsets, with T helper (Th) 1, Th2, Th17 and T regulatory (Treg) cell function indentified in each by expression of the same range of cytokines and key molecules such as forkhead box P3 (FoxP3; considered as a marker of Treg cells). Both species express the same range of pattern recognition receptors (Toll-like receptors, nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain containing [NOD]-like receptors and others) and have the same spectrum of antigen presenting cells. Less is known about phagocytic cell function and the complement pathways, although there is little reason to suspect any significant differences.</p><p>There may, however, be subtle differences in canine and feline immunoglobulins (Igs). The dog has four IgG subclasses which are functionally equivalent to those of man <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">[32,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b32">33]</ref>. In contrast, only three IgG subclasses are recognized in the cat <ref type="bibr" target="#b33">[34]</ref>. Both species have IgM and IgE antibodies, although IgD has only been identified formally in the dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">[35]</ref>. There may also be differences in IgA -both species have IgA, but in the dog four genetic variants of the molecule are reported <ref type="bibr" target="#b35">[36]</ref>, but there have been no equivalent studies of feline IgA.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Do dogs and cats have different susceptibility to disease?</head><p>Although dogs and cats appear to have generally similar immune systems, there are distinct species differences in susceptibility to or clinical presentation of diseases that are caused by or that involve the immune system. This might suggest that although the components of the immune system are equivalent in both species, these components might interact differently, leading to distinct immunological outcomes.</p><p>Autoimmune diseases, in which the immune system reacts inappropriately against self tissue antigens, are multifactorial in pathogenesis, but involve immune imbalance -particularly with respect to impairment in the function of natural regulatory T cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">[37]</ref>. A wide spectrum of autoimmune diseases is well documented and relatively common in the dog and these diseases often closely mimic the equivalent disorders in man <ref type="bibr" target="#b37">[38,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b38">39]</ref>. Canine autoimmune diseases are associated with autoantibodies and/or autoreactive cytotoxic T lymphocytes and reduced Treg function <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">[39]</ref>. The diseases are breed-associated and often are familial and, like in people, there are clear links to the inheritance of particular susceptibility haplotypes of MHC genes <ref type="bibr" target="#b39">[40]</ref>. In contrast, autoimmune diseases are relatively uncommon in the cat and there are no clear breed or familial associations, and no genetic basis is described.</p><p>Allergic diseases also present distinctly in dogs and cats. Cutaneous allergy is common in the dog (e.g. atopic dermatitis, flea allergy dermatitis) and food-associated allergy affecting the gastrointestinal tract is also increasingly recognized. However, allergic respiratory disease (i.e. eosinophilic bronchopneumopathy; EBP) is uncommon in dogs. Canine allergic diseases (particularly atopic dermatitis) are breed associated and familial <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">[41]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b41">[42]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b42">[43]</ref> and are related to the function of induced regulatory T cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">[44]</ref>. Again in contrast, feline allergy is relatively poorly defined and differs to the canine diseases in prevalence and presentation. Feline asthma is probably more common than canine EBP, yet atopic dermatitis may be more common in dogs compared with cats <ref type="bibr" target="#b44">[45]</ref>. Feline cutaneous atopy has a spectrum of clinical presentation (the eosinophilic granuloma complex) that is distinctly different to the lesions of canine atopic dermatitis <ref type="bibr" target="#b45">[46,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b46">47]</ref>.</p><p>Idiopathic inflammatory diseases affect both species, but again with some unique species differences. For example, both dogs and cats suffer from idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease (IBD); in particular, lymphoplasmacytic enteritis. In both species, the immunopathogenesis of IBD is proposed to reflect a combination of dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiome, intestinal barrier dysfunction and underlying immunological imbalance reflected in reduced activity of regulatory T cells permiting overactivity of Th1 and Th17 effector cells. However, there are differences in baseline intestinal immunity and in the immunopathology of IBD in dogs and cats. Cats have higher numbers of small intestinal intraepithelial lymphocytes than dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b47">[48,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b48">49]</ref>, but only canine enterocytes show consitutive expression of MHC class II molecules <ref type="bibr" target="#b48">[49]</ref>. Dogs with IBD have a significant increase in the numbers of T cells and plasma cells infiltrating the intestinal lamina propria <ref type="bibr" target="#b49">[50]</ref>, which does not occur in cats <ref type="bibr" target="#b50">[51]</ref>; however, cats with IBD have induced expression of MHC class II molecules on enterocytes. Cytokine gene expression studies within lesional tissue have consistently failed to demostrate differences between normal and inflamed canine intestine <ref type="bibr" target="#b51">[52,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b52">53]</ref>, but in cats, increased expression of proinflammatory, Th1-and Tregrelated cytokines has been shown <ref type="bibr" target="#b53">[54]</ref>. Canine IBD more clearly has a genetic component with strong breed predispositions and genetic associations; for example the links between polymorphisms in Toll-like receptor genes and IBD in German shepherd dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">[55,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b55">56]</ref>. No such associations are reported for feline IBD, but cats more frequently have concurrent hepatic and pancreatic inflammatory disease ('triaditis') than dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">[57]</ref>. Finally, although unproven, it has long been suggested that feline chronic intestinal inflammation may be a precursor to alimentary lymphoma <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">[58]</ref>, but this transition is less clearly recognized in the dog.</p><p>Primary inherited immunodeficiency diseases markedly differ between dogs and cats. In the dog, there is a spectrum of some 30 distinct breed-related putative immunodeficiency disorders, although only four of these have been characterized as to the genetic mutation responsible for the disease (i.e. the canine leucocyte adhesion deficiency, canine severe combined immunodeficiency [X-linked and not], the trapped neutrophil syndrome and the grey collie syndrome) <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">[39,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b58">59]</ref>. In distinct contrast, only three primary immunodeficiency diseases are reported in the cat: Pelger-Huet anomaly, Chediak-Higashi syndrome and a genetic mutation resulting in athymic and hairless Birman kittens <ref type="bibr" target="#b38">[39,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">60]</ref>. Dogs and cats also develop different spectra of neoplastic diseases and it is now clear that the immune system plays a crucial role in determining the biological behaviour of tumours -in particular, the effects of tumour-infiltrating Tregs and tumour-associated macrophages that impair anti-tumour immune responses and promote metastasis via tissue remodelling and neoangiogenesis <ref type="bibr" target="#b60">[61]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b61">[62]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">[63]</ref>. With the recent availability of large cancer registries for both species <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b64">65]</ref>, we can now appreciate some of the species differences in the type, distribution and biological behaviour of canine and feline tumours. Although skin tumours are most commonly documented in both species, the relative occurrence of other neoplasms is not consistent between dogs and cats <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">[64,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b64">65]</ref>. Some examples to illustrate these differences would include: the feline injection site sarcoma <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">[66]</ref> which is almost never reported in the dog, haemangiosarcoma which arises commonly in the spleen or heart of the dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[67]</ref> and only rarely in the skin of the cat, the spectum of histiocytic tumours of the dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[67,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b67">68]</ref> which are almost unknown in the cat, the greater malignancy of feline compared with canine mammary tumours <ref type="bibr" target="#b68">[69]</ref>, but the relatively benign behaviour of feline versus canine cutaneous mast cell tumour <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">[70]</ref>. There are again clear genetic associations for canine tumours (e.g. haemangiosarcomas in German shepherd dogs, histiocytic tumours in Bernese Mountain dogs and flat coated retrievers, mast cell tumours in Boxers and Labradors) <ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[67]</ref> that are not recognized in the cat.</p><p>Finally, dogs and cats are susceptible to different spectra of infectious diseases other than the arthropod-borne infections. For example, dogs are more commonly affected by bacterial pyoderma <ref type="bibr" target="#b70">[71]</ref>, leptospirosis <ref type="bibr" target="#b71">[72]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b72">[73]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b73">[74]</ref> and systemic or non-invasive upper respiratory fungal infections <ref type="bibr" target="#b74">[75]</ref> than cats, but cats are increasingly reported with mycobacterial infections <ref type="bibr" target="#b75">[76]</ref> or invasive upper respiratory tract fungal infections <ref type="bibr" target="#b76">[77]</ref>. Cats are much more often affected by a range of viral infections than dogs (e.g. feline leukaemia virus, feline immunodeficiency virus, feline calicivirus, feline herpesvirus type 1 and feline infectious peritonitis virus). Despite the global occurrence of feline retrovirus infections there is no clear evidence for a canine retrovirus although endogenous canine retrovirus sequence within the canine genome shows that such viruses existed before the evolutionary divergence of the dog and the red fox <ref type="bibr" target="#b77">[78,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b78">79]</ref>. Cats appear susceptible to experimental infection with influenza viruses <ref type="bibr" target="#b79">[80,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b80">81]</ref> and the SARS coronavirus <ref type="bibr" target="#b81">[82]</ref> and may sometimes develop clinical signs related to these infections, but this species is often considered relatively resistent to natural influenza virus infection. In contrast, dogs develop clinical disease when infected with influenza A viruses that originated in horses (H3N8 virus) or birds (H3N2 virus) <ref type="bibr" target="#b83">[83]</ref>. Canine distemper virus and canine adenovirus infections involve other species, but not domestic cats <ref type="bibr" target="#b84">[84,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b85">85]</ref>, while canine parvovirus type 2 appears to move back and forth between cats and dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b86">[86]</ref>.</p><p>Is it possible to tie all of these elements of immunity and immune response together to model the differences between dogs and cats ( <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">Fig. 1)</ref>? For example do dogs have an immune system dominated by Th2 immune responses (involving antibody production) that explains their relative susceptibility to allergic diseases and autoantibody-mediated diseases, and are such diseases less common in cats because they mount an opposing Th1 immune response (involving cell-mediated immunity with cytotoxic responses driven by the cytokine interferon [IFN]-γ)? At this level, such a model might work, but it falls down when one considers the relative frequency of viral infections in cats -which should not occur if they had a background of protective Th1 immunity. In the case of arthropod-borne infectious diseases, such a Th1 versus Th2 model might be proposed to explain the dichotomy between cats and dogs. If dogs truly were a Th2-dominated species they might logically have greater susceptibility to vector-borne pathogens that often require a Th1 immune response to control or sterilize the infection.</p><p>A difference in immune responsiveness has been proposed for leishmaniosis. It is now well known that the resistance or susceptibility of a dog to Leishmania infantum infection and clinical disease is determined by the immune response; and that this is likely under genetic control <ref type="bibr" target="#b87">[87]</ref>. A resistant dog mounts a Th1 immune response in which IFN-γ signals infected macrophages to destroy intracellular amastigotes, but Treg-derived interleukin (IL)-10 prevents sterilization of the infection and maintains that dog as a reservoir of L. infantum. This control of the infection limits the clinicopathological damage. In contrast, a susceptible dog mounts an inappropriate Th2 immune response in which cytokines such as IL-4 and IL-13 activate B lymphocytes, leading In contrast to all of the preceding cells, which have a positive action in antimicrobial defence (effector T cells), regulatory T cells (Treg) produce IL-10 and are responsible for downregulation of immune responses; sometimes in balance with effector T cells to achieve non-sterilizing immunity allowing an animal to be infected, but without significant clinicopathological effect. The balance between the activity of these cells determines the outcome to infection, and in the context of this review, it might be that dogs and cats have a different balance between these cells within their immune responses to hypergammaglobulinaemia, autoantibody and immune complex formation. Such dogs develop severe lifethreatening clinical disease, largely related to secondary immunopathology <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref>. A recent review has proposed that the feline immune response to L. infantum may differ from that of the dog. Although some cats develop severe clinical disease following L. infantum infection <ref type="bibr" target="#b88">[88]</ref>, this species is suggested to have a 'natural immunity' that often allows spontaneous resolution of lesions post infection due to effective Th1 immunity. However, following such resolution, there is seroconversion and antibody titre has been linked to control of infection with reduced positivity in polymerase chain reaction testing <ref type="bibr" target="#b89">[89]</ref>. These possible species differences are intriguing and should be further explored.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Are there genetic differences between dogs and cats?</head><p>Can all of these disease susceptibility and immune function differences between dogs and cats be explained by their relative genetics? The most important genes regulating immune responsiveness are those of the MHC. Dogs and cats are unusual amongst mamallian species in having this gene complex spread over two chromosomes -a break that occurred before the divergence of these species over 55 million years ago <ref type="bibr" target="#b90">[90]</ref>. The cat also appears to lack one of the loci within the MHC class II gene cluster (the DQ gene) <ref type="bibr" target="#b90">[90]</ref>, the implication of which might be that cats have more restricted possibilities for antigen presentation. We know that inbreeding has led to limited genetic diversity within the different breeds of dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b91">[91]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b92">[92]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b93">[93]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b94">[94]</ref> and that within breeds there is a high linkage disequilibrium (i.e. non-random association of alleles at different loci on chromosomes) and restricted MHC type. This means that the dog is a particularly valuable model for genetic studies of disease. In contrast, there is much less linkage disequilibrium in cats and feline breeds compared with the dog <ref type="bibr" target="#b95">[95]</ref>. Such restricted genetic diversity might help explain the susceptibility of dogs to certain diseases, including potentially, the arthropod-borne infectious diseases.</p><p>Are there differences in regulation by the canine and feline microbiome?</p><p>It is increasingly recognized that immune development, immune function and susceptibility to disease is regulated by the microbiome, particularly that of the intestinal tract. Particular constituents of the microbiome are powerful inducers of regulatory T cells that control autoimmune and allergic disease, but other organisms or a changed balance in the microbiome (i.e. dysbiosis) might trigger pathological immune reactions within the intestinal mucosa and other organs <ref type="bibr" target="#b96">[96,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b97">97]</ref>. Therefore, if immune function is so closely regulated by the microbiome, could differences in canine and feline immunity lie at this level?</p><p>Over 20 years ago, it was proposed that dogs and cats had distinct differences in the bacterial content of the small intestine. Cultures of duodenal juice revealed 10 2 to 10 5 colony forming units (cfu) of bacteria in the canine proximal small intestine, but 10 5 to 10 8 cfu in the equivalent area of the feline intestine <ref type="bibr" target="#b98">[98]</ref>. It was suggested that these differences might impact on the relative occurrence of inflammatory enteropathy in the two species. However, more recently we appreciate that such culture techniques were highly inacurate and key differences likely relate to the composition rather than the number of organisms within the microbiome.</p><p>Recent studies have begun to characterize the canine and feline intestinal microbiomes. It seems that individual animals have very distinctive and very stable microbial compositions <ref type="bibr" target="#b99">[99]</ref>, but that differences do exist between dogs and cats, both with respect to the type of organisms and with the metagenomic function (i.e. metabolic profiles) of those organisms <ref type="bibr" target="#b100">[100]</ref>. Further investigations have shown broad similarity in the major families of bacteria within the dog and cat microbiome, but cats having much greater diversity in the fungal components of the microbiome relative to dogs <ref type="bibr" target="#b101">[101]</ref>. There are also differences between the species in disease; intestinal dysbiosis in canine IBD is characterized by increased representation of Clostridium perfringens, but this increase is not seen in the intestinal microbiome of cats with IBD <ref type="bibr" target="#b102">[102,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b103">103]</ref>.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusions</head><p>Although dogs and cats largely share equivalent immune systems, there are clear differences between the species as to how the elements of the immune system interact -creating species diversity in susceptibility to, and clinicopathological expression of, immunemediated, neoplastic and infectious diseases. No simple immunological model can summarize these differences in immune function, but immunity might be regulated by distinct genetic backgrounds and potentially by differences in the intestinal microbiome in dogs and cats. If cats are really less susceptible than dogs to arthropod-borne infectious diseases, it remains possible that such resistance relates to differential immune function. However, there are still much simpler explanations that might account for the species difference in occurrence of vector-borne diseases and much work is still required to characterize more accurately the true prevalence and clinical significance of these infections in the cat. </p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Fig. 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Fig. 1 Model of immune response to different classes of pathogens. The pathogen is taken up by an antigen-presenting cell (APC) following interactions between antigenic motifs on the pathogen and pattern recogniton receptors expressed by the APC. The pathogen is processed and pathogen-derived antigenic peptides are expressed on the surface of the APC in association with molecules of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC). The T-cell receptor (TCR) of a naïve T lymphocyte recognizes the MHC-peptide complex and the cell receives costimulatory cytokine and surface molecular signals from the APC. The naïve T cell differentiates down one of the pathways of CD4 + T cell development as determined by signalling from the APC. T helper 1 (Th1) cells produce interferon (IFN)-γ and direct cell-mediated immunity (CMI) to intracellular pathogens (e.g. viruses, mycobacteria and many arthropod-borne microparasites). Th2 cells produce interleukin (IL)-4, IL-5 and IL-13 and direct antibody responses (humoral immunity) to extracellular pathogens. Th17 cells produce IL-17A, IL-17 F and IL-22 and respond to fungal infections by mobilizing neutrophils. T follicular helper (T FH ) cells produce IL-21 and lead to establishment of long-term protective humoral immunity via generation of high-affinity antibodies. In contrast to all of the preceding cells, which have a positive action in antimicrobial defence (effector T cells), regulatory T cells (Treg) produce IL-10 and are responsible for downregulation of immune responses; sometimes in balance with effector T cells to achieve non-sterilizing immunity allowing an animal to be infected, but without significant clinicopathological effect. The balance between the activity of these cells determines the outcome to infection, and in the context of this review, it might be that dogs and cats have a different balance between these cells within their immune responses</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Abbreviations cfu: Colony forming unitsEBP: Eosinophilic bronchopneumopathyIFN: InterferonIL: InterleukinMHC: Major histocompatibility complexNOD: Nucleotide oligomerization domainTh: T helper cellTreg: Regulatory T cell</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="true"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Relative prevalence of canine and feline arthropod- borne infections</figDesc><table>Infection 
Dog 
Cat 
Recent 
reference for 
feline infection 

Dirofilariosis 
Common 
Prevalence in 
cats~10 % that 
in dogs 

[104] 

Babesiosis 
Common 
Uncommon 
(mostly in South 
Africa) 

[105, 106] 

Cytauxzoonosis No 
Yes 
[107] 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgements</head></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>• We accept pre-submission inquiries</p><p>• Our selector tool helps you to find the most relevant journal Submit your next manuscript to BioMed Central and we will help you at every step:</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One health: the importance of companion animal vector-borne diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">49</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One health: the global challenge of epidemic and endemic leishmaniasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Palatnik-De-Sousa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="0197" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Zoonoses in the bedroom</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Chomel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Sun</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Inf Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="167" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">US pet ownership and demographics sourcebook</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Schaumburg: AVMA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>American Veterinary Medical Association</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">One health: bringing together human and veterinary medicine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Eur J Comp Anim Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="74" to="80" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Assessing changes in the UK pet cat and dog populations: numbers and household ownership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gruffydd-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Roberts</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Browne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">177</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">259</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Arthropod-borne infectious diseases of cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Birtles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="209" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Arthropod-borne infectious diseases of the dog and cat</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vector-borne infections in cats: molecular study in Barcelona area (Spain)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M-D</forename><surname>Tabar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Altet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Francino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Sanchez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Ferrer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Roura</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">151</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="332" to="338" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline vector-borne pathogens in the north and centre of Portugal</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Vilhena</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Martinez-Diaz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Cardoso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Vieira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Altet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Francino</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">99</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seropositivity of Borrelia burgdorferi in a cohort of symptomatic cats from Europe based on a C6-peptide assay with discussion of implications in disease aetiology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Pantchev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Globokar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rhovec</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pluta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Straubinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Berl Munch Tierarztl Wochenschr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">129</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="333" to="342" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of vector-borne pathogens in cats and their ectoparasites in southern Italy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Persichetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Solano-Gallego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Serrano</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Altet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Reale</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Masucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">247</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Domesticated animals and human infectious diseases of zoonotic origins: domestication time matters</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Morand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcintyre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Baylis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Infect Genet Evol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="76" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Use of a web-based questionnaire to explore cat owner&apos;s attidutes towards vaccination in cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Harbacher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Gruffydd-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">167</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="122" to="129" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Demographics and husbandry of pet cats living in Sydney, Australia: results of cross-sectional survey of pet ownership</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-A</forename><surname>Toribio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Norris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Dhand</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hamilton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Malik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="61" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of cat and owner characteristics and their relationships to outdoor access of owned cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Clancy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Bertone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Vet Med Assoc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">222</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1541" to="1546" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Heritability of attractiveness to mosquitoes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Fernández-Grandon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gezan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jal</forename><surname>Armour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pickett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Logan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">122716</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The immunopathology of canine vector-borne diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">48</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ticks and tick-borne pathogens at the cutaneous interface: host defenses, tick countermeasures, and a suitable environment for pathogen establishment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wikel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Front Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">337</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tick salivary compounds: their role in modulation of host defences and pathogen transmission</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kazimirova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Stibraniova</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Front Cell Infect Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">43</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Proteomic analysis of cattle tick Rhipicephalus (Boophilus) microplus saliva: a comparison between partially and fully engorged females</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Tirloni</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Reck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Soares Terra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Martins</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Mulenga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Sherman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">9</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">94831</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Menage a trois: Borrelia, dendritic cells and tick saliva interactions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lmk</forename><surname>Mason</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Veerman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tbh</forename><surname>Geijtenbeek</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jwr</forename><surname>Hovius</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends Parsitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="95" to="103" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Isolation of a Tlymphotropic virus from domestic cats with an immunodeficiency-like syndrome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Pedersen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Ho</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Yamamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">235</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="790" to="793" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Willett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jarrett</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Feline</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Oxford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Progress in the discovery and definition of monoclonal antibodies for use in feline research</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Meister</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Tagliner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Haverson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Strohminger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mathes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="38" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Monoclonal antibodies that define canine homologues of human CD antigens: summary of the First International Canine Leukocyte Antigen Workshop (CLAW)</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Cobbold</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Metcalfe</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Tissue Antigens</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">43</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="137" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Interbreed variation of DLA-DRB1, DQA1 alleles and haplotypes in the dog</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kenndey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Carter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Barnes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Bell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bennett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Ollier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reactivity of crossreacting monoclonal antibodies with canine leukocytes, platelets and erythrocytes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H-J</forename><surname>Schuberth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Kucinskiene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R-M</forename><surname>Chu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Faldyna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="47" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genome sequence, comparative analysis and haplotype structure of the domestic dog</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Lindblad-Toh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Wade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mikkelsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Karlsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Jaffe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kamal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">438</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="803" to="822" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative analysis of the domestic cat genome reveals genetic signatures underlying feline biology and domestication</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Montague</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gandolfi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Khan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Aken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Smj</forename><surname>Searle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Natl Acad Sci USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17230" to="17235" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Veterinary immunology: principles and practice</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Schultz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The preparation of monoclonal antibodies specific for the subclasses of canine immunoglobulin G</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Mazza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Whiting</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wph</forename><surname>Duffus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Res Vet Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="140" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative functional characterization of canine IgG subclasses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bergeron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mccandless</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Dunham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Dunkle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Shelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">157</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">In vitro functional characterization of feline IgGs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Strietzel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bergeron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Oliphant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mutchler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Choromanski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Bainbridge</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">158</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="214" to="237" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Molecular characterization of immunoglobulin D in mammals: immunoglobulin heavy constant delta genes in dogs, chimpanzees and four old world monkey species</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Rogers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Richardson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Scinicariello</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Attanasio</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Immunology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">118</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="88" to="100" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of allelic variants of the canine IGHA gene by fluorescence resonance energy transfer melting temperature examination</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Helps</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lait</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Harris</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Immunol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">304</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mechanisms of human autoimmunity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Rosenblum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Remedios</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Abbas</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Clin Invest</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">125</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2228" to="2261" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Autoimmune diseases in small animals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gershwin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="439" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Clinical immunology of the dog and cat</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<publisher>CRC Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Canine immunogenetics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Kennedy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wer</forename><surname>Ollier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Marti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Storb</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">The genetics of the dog</title>
		<editor>Ostrander EA, Ruvinsky A</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Oxford: CABI</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="126" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>2nd ed</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eosinophilic bronchopneumopathy in dogs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Clercx</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Peeters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Snaps</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hansen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mcentee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Detilleux</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vet Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="282" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Breed-associated phenotypes in canine atopic dermatitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Wilhem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kovalik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Favrot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Dermatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">22</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="143" to="152" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Role of genetics and the environment in the pathogenesis of canine atopic dermatitis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bizikova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Pucheu-Haston</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mnc</forename><surname>Eisenschenk</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Marsella</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Nuttall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Santoro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Dermatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">95</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Increased numbers of FoxP3-expressing CD4 + CD25 + regulatory T cells in peripheral blood from dogs with atopic dermatitis and its correlation with disease severity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Hauck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Hugli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Meli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rostaher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Fischer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hofmann</forename><surname>Lehmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Dermatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">26</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Update on feline asthma</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Trzil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Reinero</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="91" to="105" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline eosinophilic granuloma complex(ities): some clinical clarification</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Buckley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Nuttall</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="471" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline atopic dermatitis: a retrospective study of 45 cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ravens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Xu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Vogelnest</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Dermatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">95</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The distribution of leucocyte subsets in the small intestine of healthy cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Waly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gruffydd-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Stokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Comp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">124</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="172" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Analysis of leucocyte subsets in the canine intestine</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>German</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Comp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">120</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="174" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immune cell populations within the duodenal mucosa of dogs with enteropathies</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>German</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vet Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14" to="25" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immune cell populations in the duodenal mucosa of cats with inflammatory bowel disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Waly</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Stokes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gruffydd-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vet Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="816" to="841" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cytokine mRNA quantification in duodenal mucosa from dogs with chronic enteropathies by real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Helps</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Calvert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vet Intern Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="644" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gene expression of selected signature cytokines of T cell subsets in duodenal tissues of dogs with and without inflammatory bowel disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Schmitz</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Garden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Werling</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Allenspach</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">146</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="87" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measurement of cytokine mRNA expression in intestinal biopsies of cats with inflammatory enteropathy using quantitative real-time RT-PCR</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Van Nguyen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Taglinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Helps</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tasker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gruffydd-Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">113</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="404" to="418" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Polymorphisms in the TLR4 and TLR5 gene are significantly associated with inflammatory bowel disease in German shepherd dogs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kathrani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>House</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Catchpole</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>German</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Werling</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">15740</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Association between nucleotide oligomerization domain two (NOD2) gene polymorphisms and canine inflammatory bowel disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kathrani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Catchpole</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>German</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Immunol Immunopathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">161</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="32" to="41" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Can clinical signs, clinicopathological findings and abdominal ultrasonography predict the site of histopathological abnormalities of the alimentary tract in cats?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Freiche</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Faucher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>German</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="118" to="146" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline alimentary lymphoma: 1. Classification, risk factors, clinical signs and non-invasive diagnostics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Barrs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Beatty</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="182" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Primary immunodeficiencies of dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Debey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="425" to="463" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A deletion in FOXN1 is associated with a syndrome characterized by congenital hypotrichosis and short life expectancy in Birman cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Abitbol</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bosse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Tiret</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">120668</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The interplay of effector and regulatory T cells in cancer</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Roychoudhur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Eil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Restifo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr Opin Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="101" to="112" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immune cell promotion of metastasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kitamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B-Z</forename><surname>Qian</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Pollard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Rev Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="73" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immunotherapy for canine cancer -is it time to go back to the future?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Killick</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Stell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Catchpole</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Small Anim Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="270" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The Swiss canine cancer registry: a retrospective study on the occurrence of tumours in dogs in Switzerland from 1955 to</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Gruntzig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Graf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hassig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Welle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Meier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Lott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Comp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">152</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Swiss feline cancer registry: a retrospective study of the occurrence of tumours in cats in Switzerland from 1965 to</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Graf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Gruntzig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hassig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Axhausen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Fabrikant</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Welle</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Comp Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">153</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="266" to="77" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline injection site sarcoma: ABCD guidelines on prevention and management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hartmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Day</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Thiry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lloret</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Frymus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Addie</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="606" to="619" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predispositions to cancer in pedigree dogs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Dobson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">ISRN Vet Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">941275</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A review of histiocytic diseases of dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Pathol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">51</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="167" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mammary tumours in dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Murphy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">In Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">30</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="334" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline cutaneous mast cell tumours: a UK-based study comparing signalment and histological features with long-term outcomes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Melville</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Dobromylskyj</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="486" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Staphylococcus pseudintermedius and Staphylococcus schleiferi subspecies coagulans from canine pyoderma cases in Grenada, West Indies, and their susceptibility to beta-lactam drugs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Hariharan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Gibson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Peterson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Frankie</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Matthew</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Daniels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Med Int</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page">850126</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leptospira species infection in cats: ABCD guidelines on prevention and management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hartmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Egberink</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pennisi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lloret</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Addie</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Belak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="576" to="81" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">European consensus statement on leptospirosis in dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Schuller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Francey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hartmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Hugonnard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Nally</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Small Anim Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="159" to="79" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of Leptospira DNA in urine and presence of specific antibodies in outdoor cats in Germany</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Weis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rettinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bergmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Llewellyn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Pantchev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Straubinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>doi: 10. 1177/1098612X16634389</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sinonasal aspergillosis in dogs: a review</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Sharman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mansfield</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Small Anim Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">53</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="434" to="478" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Mycobacterial disease in cats in Great Britain: I. Culture results, geographical distribution and clinical presentation of 339 cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gunn-Moore</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mcfarland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Brewer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Crawshaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Clifton-Hadley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kovalik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">13</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="934" to="978" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Feline aspergillosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Barrs</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Talbot</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="51" to="73" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Identification and classification of endogenous retroviruses in the canine genome using degenerative PCR and in-silico data analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Jo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M-K</forename><surname>Choi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Song</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-H</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J-W</forename><surname>Oh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">422</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="195" to="204" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Characterisation of a group of endogenous gammaretroviruses in the canine genome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Tarlinton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hkr</forename><surname>Barfoot</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Allen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gifford</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Emes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">196</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="28" to="33" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Avian H5N1 influenza in cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kuiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rimmelzwaan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Van Riel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Van Amerongen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Baars</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Fouchier</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Science</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">306</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">241</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission of avian-origin canine influenza viruses A (H3N2) in cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Lei</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z-G</forename><surname>Yuan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S-F</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D-W</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A-G</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B-H</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">160</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="484" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b81">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Bee</forename><surname>Martina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Haagmans</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kuiken</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ram</forename><surname>Fouchier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Rimmelzwaan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">SARS virus infection of cats and ferrets</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Amerongen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">425</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">915</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">H3N2 canine influenza virus causes severe morbidity in dogs with induction of genes related to inflammation and apoptosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Kim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Ku</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Park</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Yum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Seo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">92</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seroprevalence of canine distemper virus in cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Ikeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Miyazawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M-C</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T-F</forename><surname>Kuo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Lin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Diag Lab Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="641" to="645" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Infectious canine hepatitis in red foxes (Vulpes vulpes) in wildlife rescue centres in the UK</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Walker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Abbondati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Cox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gbb</forename><surname>Mitchell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Pizzi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Sharp</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">178</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">421</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pathogenic potential of canine parvovirus types 2a and 2c in domestic cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakamura</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sakamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Ikeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Kawakami</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Miyazawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Diag Lab Immunol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="663" to="671" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Immunological profiles of resistance and susceptibility in naturally infected dogs by Leishmania infantum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Gomes De Almeida Leal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Roatt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>De Oliveira Aguiar-Soares</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Carneiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Giunchetti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Teixeira-Carvalho</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">205</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="472" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">LeishVet update and recommendations on feline leishmaniosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pennisi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Cardoso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Baneth</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Bordeau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Koutinas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Miro</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Parasit Vectors</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">302</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">What do we know about feline leishmaniosis?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Csa</forename><surname>Soares</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Duarte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Sousa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="435" to="477" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Comparative genomic structure of human, dog, and cat MHC: HLA, DLA, and FLA</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Yuhki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Beck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Stephens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Neelam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>&amp;apos;brien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Hered</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="390" to="399" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The canine genome</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ostrander</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Wayne</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Genome Res</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1706" to="1722" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Genetic diversity of dog breeds: between-breed diversity, breed assignation and conservation approaches</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Leroy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Verrier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Meriaux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Rognon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Anim Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="333" to="376" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Identification of genomic regions associated with pheontypic variation between dog breeds using selection mapping</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Vaysse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ratnakumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Derrien</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Axelsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Peilberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sigurdsson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Genet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1002316</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Population structure and genetic heterogeneity in popular dog breeds in the UK</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mellanby</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ogden</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Clements</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>French</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Gow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Powell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">196</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="92" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Extent of linkage disequilibrium in the domestic cat, Felis silvestris catus, and its breeds</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Alhaddad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Khan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Grahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Gandolfi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Mullikin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cole</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">53537</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The microbiome and innate immunity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Thaiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Zmora</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Levy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Elinav</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">535</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The microbiota in adaptive immune homeostasis and disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Honda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Littman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">535</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="84" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Enteric bacteria: friend or foe?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Batt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Rutgers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sancak</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Small Anim Pract</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="268" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intestinal microbiota of dogs and cats: a bigger world than we thought</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Suchodolski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">41</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="261" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gene-centric metagenomics analysis of feline intestinal microbiome using 454 junior pyrosequencing</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Tun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Brar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Khin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Jun</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Rk-H</forename><surname>Hui</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Dowd</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Microbiol Methods</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="369" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Massive parallel 16S rRNA gene pyrosequencing reveals highly diverse fecal bacterial and fungal communities in healthy dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Handl</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Dowd</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Garcia-Mazcorro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Steiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Suchodolski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">FEMS Microbiol Ecol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">76</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="301" to="311" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Microbiota alterations in acute and chronic gastrointestinal inflammation of cats and dogs</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Honneffer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Minamoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Suchodolski</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World J Gastroenterol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="16489" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b103">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The fecal microbiome in cats with diarrhea</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Suchodolski</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Foster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">U</forename><surname>Sohail</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Leutenegger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Queen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Steiner</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">127378</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Heartworm disease (Dirofilaria immitis) and their vectors in Europe -new distribution trends</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Morchon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Carreton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Gonzalez-Miguel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Mellado-Hernandez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Front Physiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">196</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Babesiosis in dogs and cats -expanding parasitological and clinical spectra</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Solano-Gallego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Baneth</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">181</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="48" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Babesiosis in cats: ABCD guidelines on prevention and management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hartmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Addie</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Belak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Boucraut-Baralon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Egberink</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Frymus</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="643" to="649" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Cytauxzoonosis: diagnosis and treatment of an emerging disease</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Sherrill</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="940" to="948" />
			<date type="published" when="2015" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Infection with haemoplasma species in 22 cats with anaemia</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Weingart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tasker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Kohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="129" to="165" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lyme borreliosis in dogs and cats: background, diagnosis, treatment and prevention of infections with Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Krupka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Straubinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1103" to="1122" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b110">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Bartonella species infection in cats: ABCD guidelines on prevention and management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Pennisi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Marsilio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hartmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Lloret</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Addie</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Belak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="563" to="572" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ehrlichiosis and anaplasmosis in dogs and cats</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Little</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Clin Small Anim</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">40</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1121" to="1161" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection of domestic cats: 16 cases from the northeastern USA</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Savidge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Ewing</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Andrews</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Aucoin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lappin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Moroff</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Feline Med Surg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2016" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fleaassociated zoonotic diseases of cats in the USA: bartonellosis, flea-borne rickettsioses, and plague</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Mcelroy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Blagburn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Breitschwerdt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Mead</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Mcquiston</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">26</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="197" to="204" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
