<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Fit for the future? The place of global health in the UK&apos;s postgraduate medical training: a review</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">FPH Global Health Specialty Registrar&apos;s Group</orgName>
								<address>
									<postCode>SE22 9DB</postCode>
									<settlement>Chair, London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><surname>Cs Brown</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Alma Mata Global Health Graduates&apos; Network</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Pettigrew</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="institution">RCGP International Committee</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><surname>Anj</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="institution">Moorfields Eye Hospital</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Malik</forename></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Watson</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="institution">RCGP Junior International Committee, Education and Training Lead</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Topiwala</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff5">
								<orgName type="institution">Royal College of Psychiatrists&apos; International Advisory Committee</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mcgregor</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff6">
								<orgName type="institution">CEM International Committee</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">•</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Ramsay</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff7">
								<orgName type="department">Correspondence to</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">RCGP Junior International Committee Chair</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>London</settlement>
									<country key="GB">UK</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff8">
								<orgName type="institution">JA Hall</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Fit for the future? The place of global health in the UK&apos;s postgraduate medical training: a review</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1177/2042533313476421</idno>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Results Six of the 11 curricula reviewed contained global health competencies. These covered the global burden or determinants of disease and appropriate policy responses. Only one College required trainees to 'be aware of the World Health Organization', or 'know the local, national and international structures for health care'. These cross-cutting competencies have applicability to all specialties. All 11 curricula contained generic competencies where a global health perspective and/or experience could be advantageous, e.g. caring for migrant or culturally different patients.</p><p>Conclusion Trainees in all specialties should achieve a minimum requirement of global health awareness. This can be achieved through a small number of common competencies that are consistent across core curricula. These should lead on from equivalent undergraduate</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>Understanding that health is a global issue is vital for our future health professionals if they are to deal effectively with the health-care challenges that they will face. The Global Independent Commission on Education of Health Professionals for the 21st Century described a 'mismatch between present professional competencies and the requirements of an increasingly interdependent world', <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> emphasizing the need for evolving postgraduate training to take account of the increasingly global nature of health.</p><p>Some may question why UK-trained health professionals working solely within the National Health Service (NHS) need an awareness of global health. A range of reasons detailing how training our health professionals in global health will deliver significant benefits to the NHS are listed in Box 1. Furthermore, as health professionals we have a duty to advocate better health for all, not only for those living within the UK.</p><p>Undergraduate training is adapting, with special study modules and intercalated Bachelor of Science degrees in international or global health having been available for more than a decade. <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5</ref> The updated General Medical Council guidelines for undergraduate medical training 'Tomorrow's Doctors' include the learning outcome: 'Discuss from a global perspective the determinants of health and disease and variations in health-care delivery and medical practice' <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> and global health learning outcomes for all UK medical students have recently been developed. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8</ref> This is welcome progress but, without a similar shift in postgraduate training, is not sufficient.</p><p>Indeed Martineau et al.'s analysis of the career paths of early graduates of intercalated international health BScs concludes that 'the successful establishment of global health education at an undergraduate level must now be replicated in postgraduate training to follow this generation as they progress'. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9</ref> There is high-level recognition of the need for and benefits of the NHS adopting a global health approach, <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10,</ref><ref type="bibr">13</ref> including a House of Lords debate led by Lord Crisp. 14 Several Royal Colleges have responded with conferences, <ref type="bibr">15 -17</ref> position statements <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">18</ref> or strategies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">19,</ref><ref type="bibr">20</ref> Despite this, the coverage of global health within UK postgraduate medical curricula has not been systematically assessed. This article presents a review of the current global health content of a cross-section of postgraduate medical curricula in the UK.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Methods</head><p>An informal network of trainees and recently qualified general gractitioners (GPs) holding positions on the International Committees of a number of Colleges was established. Where</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Box 1</head><p>Reasons why UK-based health-care workers would benefit from an awareness in global health</p><p>• Immigration has contributed to an increasingly ethnically diverse UK population 2 hence in day to day clinical practice it is important for most UK doctors to be familiar with the diverse cultural and clinical needs of their patients, <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> e.g. understanding the urological, gynaecological and psychological consequences for women who have undergone female genital mutilation in childhood • Current UK health-care reforms propose handing clinicians more responsibility for managing NHS resources yet there is little formal opportunity for them to learn about or experience alternative ways of delivering health care. An understanding of the faults and virtues of different health systems could better inform their decision-making • There are increasing risks posed by the mobility of infectious diseases and new pandemics, e.g. severe acute respiratory syndrome and swine flu. A greater awareness of current global infectious trends will help us prepare for and deal with UK spread • Fully understanding the prevalence and incidence of certain diseases in the UK, for example tuberculosis or HIV, implicitly requires understanding the global burden of disease • The emergent epidemic of non-communicable diseases is closely linked to socioeconomic and sociopolitical influences through, for example, the role of transnational corporations and societal inequities. Understanding this epidemic in its global context enables us to develop an intersectoral and multidisciplinary response to tackle these drivers.</p><p>• Inequality and disease can contribute to political instability which, even if overseas, can indirectly affect UK security; therefore it is in the interest of all countries to deal with these problems at the root cause were recruited to informally represent the College in which they are training. The Colleges and curricula reviewed are shown in <ref type="table">Table 1</ref>. Unsuccessful efforts were made to include the Royal College of Anaesthetists and the Royal College of Radiologists.</p><p>The global health content of the curricula described in <ref type="table">Table 1</ref> was established by examining the competencies within them. For several curricula this was done by more than one person and discussed to achieve consensus. The competencies were coded as 'UK' (statement only relevant to UK work, often referring to UK institutions or structures), 'global' (statement with an explicit reference to aspects of health outside the UK such as the global burden of disease or organizations involved in international health-care issues) or generic (relevant both to the UK and international settings). This built on work previously conducted and published on the Faculty of Public Health's (FPH) curriculum; the results presented here for the FPH curriculum are from this previous work. <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">22</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>Six of the 11 curricula reviewed contained global health competencies, as shown in <ref type="table" target="#tab_1">Table 2</ref>.</p><p>The six curricula that contained global health competencies had competencies on the global burden of disease or global determinants of disease and appropriate policy responses. The global health competencies identified are shown in <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>. Two curricula were almost identical in common competencies (The College of Emergency Medicine <ref type="bibr">[CEM]</ref> and The Royal College of Physicians -General Internal Medicine [RCP-GIM]).</p><p>Although the aim of this paper was to review the core specialty curricula, the surgical and psychiatric subspecialty curricula were also reviewed. any global health competencies. These were very similar to the global health competencies in the CEM and RCP-GIM. <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> compares Collegiate competencies with the proposed undergraduate global health competencies. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> From <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> we can see that The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (RCPCH) was the only College to require all trainees to 'be aware of (understand the work of ) the World Health Organization (WHO)', or 'know the local, national and international structures for health care'. These cross-cutting competencies have applicability to all specialties. Table 3 also demonstrates that there are a number of global health topics that are not covered by any of the postgraduate curricula such as health inequalities or the mobility of and inequalities in the global health workforce. The latter is of importance not only because of concerns around staffing health facilities in lowand middle-income countries but also because many of those undertaking postgraduate training in the UK will have qualified elsewhere, and large numbers of UK doctors work overseas at some time raising issues about the regulation and registration of physicians.</p><p>All 11 curricula contained numerous generic competencies where a global health perspective and/or international experience could be advantageous. These mostly related to caring for migrant or culturally different patients (e.g. maintaining an awareness of and having respect for 'socio-cultural contexts' in the assessment and management of patients, or communicating with patients whose first language is not English). There was brief reference in The Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) curriculum to EU law, international conventions, international patient or professional organizations and to the prevalence of conditions in the UK in comparison to other European countries, however having knowledge of these was not an explicit learning outcome. Achievement of some competencies, such as RCPCH's awareness 'of child health exploitation issues including child prostitution, child labour and children in combat … and the effects of armed conflict on child health' or The Royal College of Pathologists' (RCPath's) 'impact on health of armed conflict, natural disasters and other social upheavals', would clearly benefit from a global perspective or international experience. Arguably all specialties, not just paediatrics, would benefit from an understanding of the role of the World Health Organization (WHO), and from an awareness of the global burden of disease.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>This detailed review of 11 core postgraduate medical curricula indicates a lack of consistency in the inclusion of competencies relevant to global health in UK postgraduate medical education and training.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Strengths and weaknesses</head><p>There are a number of strengths and limitations to our study. First, all those reviewing the curricula have an interest in global health. This facilitated a shared understanding of what was meant by a global health competency and arguably helped with consistency across curriculum reviews.  Demonstrate knowledge of the determinants of health worldwide and strategies to influence policy relating to health issues</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>RCS (T&amp;O)</head><p>Have an awareness of the determinants of health worldwide and strategies to influence policy relating to health issues including the impact of more economically developed countries' strategies on less economically developed countries RCOG Their knowledge must include the influence of economic and political considerations (on a local and global scale) on individual and community health and how these may be influenced  However, reviewers without a global health interest may have reached different conclusions. Secondly, the process of assignation of a competency to a category, though guided by the agreed definitions, is ultimately a subjective decision. While in some cases several people reviewed curricula, and in the FPH curriculum review good inter-rater reliability was achieved, <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">22</ref> this was not possible for all curricula. To reduce inconsistency all assignations to the global health category were reviewed by JH and discussed with reviewers. As demonstrated in <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref>, the global health competencies identified were very similar across the curricula indicating that this process was fairly successful. Finally, there were some discrepancies between the curricula in terms of exactly what 'a competency' was. Pragmatic decisions were taken where necessary and for this reason there are a number of caveats to the total number of competencies presented for each curriculum. These decisions were taken to increase the comparability of results between the curricula.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Meaning of the study: possible mechanisms and implications for clinicians or policy-makers</head><p>There is a strong case and increasing consensus on the need for a common minimum requirement of global health awareness that trainees of all specialties must attain. This can be achieved through a small number of common core competencies in global health, easily realizable without overseas experience, which are consistent across core curricula. These could cover issues such as the global burden of disease, global determinants of health, the role of international organizations in health, sustainable development and the potential structures of health-care systems.</p><p>These competencies do not need to be developed from scratch; those already introduced by Colleges and described in <ref type="table" target="#tab_2">Table 3</ref> can be used as a starting point. Such competencies can be framed to naturally follow on from those being introduced into undergraduate medical training. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> With common core competencies in place, Colleges can develop additional competencies relevant to their specialty at their own discretion. Levels of knowledge and understanding of global health issues will fit with standard levels of competence in curricula, though ensuring that they are covered by appropriate assessments will require a specific mandate from Colleges.</p><p>To seize this opportunity a forum for Colleges to collaborate will be required. This could either be through current structures, such as the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges, or could be a separate venture organized by, for example, the General Medical Council or an enthusiastic College. With competencies in place their utility in facilitating better care within the NHS can be robustly assessed.</p><p>For trainees who want to take their enthusiasm for global health further there should be easily accessible further training in global health that complements ongoing specialty training. A tiered structure to this effect has previously been proposed. <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">23</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Unanswered questions and future research</head><p>This study looked at the content of curricula linked to global health learning, however even where explicitly mentioned, tools to ensure adequate delivery of teaching and assessment of these competencies may be inadequate. For example knowledge of these competencies is not be routinely tested in either postgraduate exams or workplace-based assessments. Future areas of research may include exploring mechanisms to maximize the delivery and assessment of global health competencies, how the integration of these into training may impact the quality of care delivered in the UK, and the contribution of UK doctors to the broader global health agenda.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion</head><p>Global health transcends traditional barriers between specialties as much as it does geographical boundaries, and the development of a set of core global health competencies is both judicious and timely. This article reflects a growing awareness across specialty trainees that coverage of global health in their curricula is inadequate. Addressing this gap will ensure that the UK has health professionals that are trained to meet the health challenges the UK faces in the future.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>(</head><label></label><figDesc>FPH) and Dr A Lee Colleges do not have an International Committee or do not have a trainee representative on their International Committee, trainees nominated by the College or affiliated to the UK-based global health postgraduate organization Alma Mata 21</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>RCOphth 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Examine how health can be distributed unequally within and between populations in relation to socially defined measures 6 Describe how the environment and health interact at the global level Be aware of the implications of sustainable development in low-income countries RCPCH Health systems 7 Discuss the essential components of a health system, using the WHO model Know the local, national and international structures for health care RCPCH 8 Recognize that health systems are structured and function differently across the globe Be aware of the impact of the European Union on child health and health-care systems RCPCH 9 Recognize that the NHS has an international workforce and explain the impact of this within the UK and overseas (Continued)</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>(The subspecialty curricula reviewed were: Neurosurgery; Trauma and Orthopaedics; General Surgery intermediate and advanced train- ing; Urology; Paediatric Surgery; Plastics Surgery; Otolaryngology; Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery; Cardiothoracic Surgery; General Psychiatry (ST4+); Old Age Psychiatry; and Liaison Psychia- try.) The detailed results of these are not presented for simplicity but of those reviewed only the Trauma and Orthopaedics curriculum contained Table 1 Colleges and curricula reviewed</figDesc><table>College 
Curriculum 

The Faculty of Public Health (FPH) 
August 2010 
The Royal College of General 
Practitioners (RCGP) 

July 2011 Core Curriculum and Interpretive Statements 

The Royal College of Psychiatry 
(RCPsych) 

Core Psychiatry Curriculum (ST1 -3) February 2010 

The College of Emergency Medicine 
(CEM) 

August 2010 Core Specialty Training ACCS CT1&amp;2 (knowledge, 
skills, behaviour and emergency department context) 
The Royal College of Ophthalmologists 
(RCOphth) 

2011 Core learning outcomes 

The Royal College of Obstetricians and 
Gynaecologists (RCOG) 

Core Curriculum August 2010 

The Royal College of Paediatrics and 
Child Health (RCPCH) 

September 2010 General Competencies 

The Royal College of Physicians (RCP) 
Generic Curriculum (GC) 2007 
General Internal Medicine (GIM) August 2009 (knowledge, 
skills and behaviour excluding medical presentations) 
The Royal College of Surgeons (RCS) 
2010 Core Surgical Training Curriculum 
The Royal College of Pathologists 
(RCPath) 

Medical Microbiology &amp; Virology, May 2010 (knowledge, skills 
and behaviour excluding Specialty Specific Competencies) </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" validated="true"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Results of coding of postgraduate medical and surgical curricula</figDesc><table>Global Generic UK Total 

FPH 
0 
107 
14 
121 
RCGP 
0 
1763 
98 
1861 
RCPsych 
0 
261 
18 
279 
CEM 
3 
640 
42 
685 
RCOphth 
2 
176 
4 
182 
RCOG 
2 
231 
25 
258 
RCPCH 
6 
392 
6 
404 
RCP (GC) 
0 
293 
19 
312 
RCP (GIM) 
3 
405 
33 
441 
RCS 
0 
387 
2 
389 
RCPath (MMV) 
2 
482 
22 
506 

FPH, The Faculty of Public Health; RCGP, The 
Royal College of General Practitioners; RCPsych, 
The Royal College of Psychiatry; CEM, The 
College of Emergency Medicine; RCOphth, The 
Royal College of Ophthalmologists; RCOG, 
The Royal College of Obstetricians and 
Gynaecologists; RCPCH, The Royal College of 
Paediatrics and Child Health; RCP-GC, The Royal 
College of Physicians -Generic Curriculum; 
RCP-GIM, The Royal College of 
Physicians-General Internal Medicine; RCS, The 
Royal College of Surgeons; RCPath, The Royal 
College of Pathologists </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" validated="true"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Global health competencies described in the curricula reviewed</figDesc><table>Undergraduate 
(General Medical Council) 

Ã 

Current postgraduate 
(Collegiate) 
College 

Global burden of disease 
1 Discuss communicable and 
non-communicable disease at the 
global level 

Know the epidemiology, pathology and 
natural history of common infections of 
the fetus, newborn and children in 
Britain and important worldwide 
infections, e.g. TB, HIV, Hepatitis B, 
malaria, Polio 

RCPCH 

Be aware of the national and international 
situation regarding the distribution of 
disease, the factors that determine health 
and disease, and major population health 
responses 

RCPath 

Outline the major causes of global morbidity 
and mortality and effective, affordable 
interventions to reduce these 

CEM &amp; RCP (GIM) 
&amp; RCS (T&amp;O) 

2 Discuss the impact of international 
travel and migration on the diseases 
seen in the UK 
3 Discuss the causes and control of global 
epidemics 

Socioeconomic and environmental determinants of health 
4 Demonstrate awareness of the 
non-clinical determinants of health, 
including social, political, economic, 
environmental, and gender disparities 

Demonstrate knowledge of the determinants 
of health worldwide and strategies to 
influence policy relating to health issues 
including the impact of the developed 
world strategies on developing countries 

CEM &amp; RCP (GIM) 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" validated="true"><head>Table 3 Continued</head><label>3</label><figDesc></figDesc><table>Undergraduate 
(General Medical Council) 

Ã 

Current postgraduate 
(Collegiate) 
College 

10 Examine the causes and scale of 
inequalities in health workforce 
distribution 

Global health governance 
11 Demonstrate awareness of the complexity 
of global health governance, including the 
roles of international organizations, the 
commercial sector and civil society 
12 Discuss the role of WHO as the 
international representative body of 
national governments for health 

Be aware (understand the work of ) of the 
World Health Organization and UNICEF 

RCPCH 

13 Discuss how health-related research is 
conducted and governed globally 

Human rights and ethics 
14 Respect the rights and equal value of all 
people without discrimination and 
provide compassionate care for all 
15 Examine how international legal 
frameworks impact on health-care 
delivery in the UK 

Know the principles of the UN Convention 
on the Rights of the Child, apply these in 
their own practice and work for the 
protection of these rights 

RCPCH 

16 Discuss and critique the concept of a right 
to health 
17 Describe the particular health needs of 
vulnerable groups and migrants 
18 Discuss the role of doctors as advocates 
for their patients, including the 
importance of prioritizing health needs 
over other concerns and adhering to 
codes of professional conduct 

Cultural diversity and health 
19 Demonstrate understanding that culture 
is important and may influence 
behaviour, while acknowledging the 
dangers of assuming that those from a 
particular social group will behave in 
a certain way 

We counted these as generic rather than 
global health competencies, however 
all postgraduate curricula have 
competencies covering these 
competencies 

All 

20 Communicate effectively with people 
from different ethnic, religious and social 
backgrounds, where necessary using 
external help 
21 Work effectively with colleagues from 
different ethnic, religious and social 
backgrounds 

RCOphth, The Royal College of Ophthalmologists; RCPCH, The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child 
Health; CEM, The College of Emergency Medicine; RCP, The Royal College of Physicians; GIM, general 
internal medicine; RCS, The Royal College of Surgeons; T&amp;O, Trauma and Orthopaedics; RCPath, The 
Royal College of Pathologists; RCOG, The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists 
Ã Extrapolated global health competencies based on General Medical Council 'Tomorrow's Doctors' 
competencies 

7 </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Education of health professionals for the 21st century: a global independent Commission</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Bhutta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cohen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">375</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1137" to="1145" />
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The Migration Observatory at the University of Oxford. Migrants in the UK: an overview</title>
		<ptr target="http://migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/migrants-uk-overview(lastchecked26" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Editorial -caring for migrant patients in the UK: how the migrant health guide can help</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Wagner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jones</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno type="doi">10.3399/bjgp11X599758</idno>
		<ptr target="http://www.hpa.org.uk/MigrantHealthGuide(lastchecked26" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BJGP</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="546" to="547" />
			<date type="published" when="2011-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Prime Minister&apos;s Office. Speech at vaccine summit</title>
		<idno>14/09/11</idno>
		<ptr target="http://www.number10.gov.uk/news/speech-at-vaccine-summit(lastchecked26" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-10" />
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Introducing medical students to global health issues: a bachelor of science degree in international health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Yudkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Bayley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Elnour</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Willott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">362</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="822" to="826" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">General Medical Council. Tomorrow&apos;s Doctors. London: GMC</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Global health learning outcomes for medical students in the UK</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Bailey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Willott</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">379</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2033" to="2068" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Association for the study of Medical Education. Global Health Education for Tomorrow&apos;s Doctors</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.asme.org.uk/conferences/globalisation-of-health-autumn-2011.html(lastchecked26" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-10-20" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">International health graduates-career path experience</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Martineau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rowson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Willott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Yudkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">379</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2051" to="2053" />
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Global Health Partnerships: The UK Contribution to Health in Developing Countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Crisp</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>DoH</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">11 Department of Health. Health is Global. Proposals for a Government Wide Strategy</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<publisher>DoH</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">12 Department of Health. Framework for NHS Involvement in International Development</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<publisher>DoH</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Health is Global: An Outcomes Framework for Global Health 2011 -15. London: DoH, 2011 14 House of Lords. Table of contents for Monday</title>
		<idno>14/09/11</idno>
		<ptr target="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201011/ldhansrd/text/101220-0002.htm#10122019000667" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-10" />
			<biblScope unit="page">26</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>NHS: Global Health. Question for short debate</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Building Institutions through Equitable Partnerships in Global Health: ATwo Day Global Health Conference held at the Royal College of Physicians</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<publisher>RCP</publisher>
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Royal College of Physicians</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<ptr target="http://www.rcgp.org.uk//media/Files/Events/RCGP%20Annual%20Conference" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Royal College of General Practitioners. Global General Practice Conference</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<monogr>
				<title level="m">%202012/AC2012_Programme_021012.ashx. (last checked</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012-10" />
			<biblScope unit="page">26</biblScope>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Royal College of Obstetricians &amp; Gynaecologists. RCOG IO Statement on Health is Global. A UK Government Strategy</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
			<publisher>RCOG</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transforming our Approach to International Affairs -a 10-year strategy</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.rcgp.org.uk/PDF/International_Strategy-June2011.pdf" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">London: RCGP</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-11" />
			<publisher>Royal College of General Practitioners</publisher>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<monogr>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alma Mata Global Health</forename><surname>Network</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.almamata.org.uk(lastchecked26" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012-10" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Global public health training in the UK: preparing for the future</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Hall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Mandeville</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="310" to="316" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Postgraduate training in global health: ensuring UK doctors can contribute to health in resource-poor countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Brown</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Martineau</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Spry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Yudkin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="456" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
