<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Development of tetraphenylethylene-based fluorescent oligosaccharide probes for detection of influenza virus</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2010-02-25">Available online 25 February 2010</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Tomohisa</forename><surname>Kato</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">Japan Chemical Innovation Institute</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1-3-5 Jimbocho, Chiyoda-ku</addrLine>
									<postCode>101-0051</postCode>
									<settlement>Tokyo</settlement>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">Frontier Biochemical &amp; Medical Research Laboratories</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Kaneka Corporation</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1-8 Miyamae-machi, Takasago-cho</addrLine>
									<postCode>676-8688</postCode>
									<settlement>Takasago</settlement>
									<region>Hyogo</region>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Atsushi</forename><surname>Kawaguchi</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Infection Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Graduate School of Comprehensive Human Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Tsukuba</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1-1-1 Tennodai</addrLine>
									<postCode>305-8575</postCode>
									<settlement>Tsukuba</settlement>
									<region>Ibaraki</region>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kyosuke</forename><surname>Nagata</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Department of Infection Biology</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Graduate School of Comprehensive Human Sciences</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Tsukuba</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>1-1-1 Tennodai</addrLine>
									<postCode>305-8575</postCode>
									<settlement>Tsukuba</settlement>
									<region>Ibaraki</region>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Kenichi</forename><surname>Hatanaka</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="department">Institute of Industrial Science</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">The University of Tokyo</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>4-6-1 Komaba, Meguro-ku</addrLine>
									<postCode>153-8505</postCode>
									<settlement>Tokyo</settlement>
									<country key="JP">Japan</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Development of tetraphenylethylene-based fluorescent oligosaccharide probes for detection of influenza virus</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2010-02-25">Available online 25 February 2010</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<idno type="DOI">10.1016/j.bbrc.2010.02.155</idno>
					<note type="submission">Article history: Received 4 February 2010</note>
					<note>Since January 2020 Elsevier has created a COVID-19 resource centre with free information in English and Mandarin on the novel coronavirus COVID-19. The COVID-19 resource centre is hosted on Elsevier Connect, the company&apos;s public news and information website. Elsevier hereby grants permission to make all its COVID-19-related research that is available on the COVID-19 resource centre -including this research content -immediately available in PubMed Central and other publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre remains active. a r t i c l e i n f o</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<textClass>
				<keywords>Biosensor Influenza virus Oligosaccharide probe Fluorescent Click chemistry</keywords>
			</textClass>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>Tetraphenylethylene (TPE) derivatives have strong fluorescence in aggregated state. We designed and synthesized a tetraphenylethylene derivative bearing alkyne groups which were used for combination by click chemistry. The new TPE compound bearing alkyne groups was used to synthesize fluorescence oligosaccharide probes which have lactosyl and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl moieties as ligands. We found that the TPE compounds bearing lactosyl and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl moieties were useful for detection of RCA120 and SSA lectins, respectively. Moreover, we have shown that TPE-based fluorescent oligosaccharide probe bearing 6 0 -sialyllactose moiety can be utilized as a ''turn-on" fluorescent sensor for detection of influenza virus.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>a b s t r a c t</head><p>Tetraphenylethylene (TPE) derivatives have strong fluorescence in aggregated state. We designed and synthesized a tetraphenylethylene derivative bearing alkyne groups which were used for combination by click chemistry. The new TPE compound bearing alkyne groups was used to synthesize fluorescence oligosaccharide probes which have lactosyl and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl moieties as ligands. We found that the TPE compounds bearing lactosyl and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl moieties were useful for detection of RCA120 and SSA lectins, respectively. Moreover, we have shown that TPE-based fluorescent oligosaccharide probe bearing 6 0 -sialyllactose moiety can be utilized as a ''turn-on" fluorescent sensor for detection of influenza virus.</p><p>Ó 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="1.">Introduction</head><p>A biosensor is a device for detection of an analyte using the molecular recognition mechanism of organisms. Since the first biosensor was developed by Updike and Hicks <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref>, a variety of biosensors have been developed <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref>. Recently, Tong et al. have discovered the novel aggregation-induced emission (AIE) phenomenon <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref> and applied it to biosensor technology. Among the AIE dyes, tetraphenylethylene (TPE) is synthesized by simple reactions and emits very efficiently in aggregated or crystal states. The water-soluble cationic TPE derivatives can be used as bioprobes for detection of proteins, DNA, and RNA <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">[4]</ref>. The TPE compounds bearing adenine and thymine moieties can be used as chemosensors for Ag + and Hg 2+ , respectively <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref>. Moreover, sugar-phosphole oxide conjugates were synthesized as ''turn-on" fluorescent sensors for lectins <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">[6]</ref>. Since AIE system makes it possible to detect intermolecular bindings by fluorescence signals, we envisioned that this new biosensor using AIE systems may be useful for determination of the recognition specificity of xenobiotics (bacteria, virus, and protein) for cell surface receptors. The cell surface oligosaccharides act as receptors for bacteria, virus, toxin, and other cells (a white blood corpuscle, a cancer cell). The sialyllacto/sialylneolacto-series sugar chains in glycoproteins and glycolipids are the functional receptor sugar chains for influenza A virus of humans and animals <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8]</ref>. In addition, orthomyxovirus, polyomavirus, reovirus, coronavirus, paramyxovirus, parvovirus, adenovirus-associated virus, herpesvirus, flavivirus, and norovirus are known as viruses binding to oligosaccharides <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref>.</p><p>Influenza is one of the most common existing infectious diseases to both human and animal in the world. Recently, an influenza virus causes a global outbreak that becomes a menace to humanity. The receptor binding specificity of hemagglutinin, which is a viral membrane protein to attach cell surface, varies differently depending on the relation between hosts and viruses. Human influenza virus binds to the Neu5Ac2,6Gal sequence, while equine and avian viruses specifically bind to Neu5Ac2,3Gal. Porcine virus, which is called ''New Influenza A (H1N1)", bind both to both Neu5Ac2,6Gal and Neu5Ac2,3Gal <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">[10]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b10">[11]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b11">[12]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref>.</p><p>It is known that bacterial enterotoxins bind to the receptor molecules on the host cell surface. The cell surface receptors are glycoconjugates, especially glycosphingolipids. For example, chorela toxin to ganglioside GM1, Escherchia coli heat-labile enterotoxin to ganglioside GD1b, and Shiga toxins to Gb3Cer are known. Oligosaccharides are key molecules for development of the technology to analyze toxin-ligand interaction <ref type="bibr" target="#b13">[14]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b14">[15]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b15">[16]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b16">[17]</ref>.</p><p>In this paper, we developed a simple method for the preparation of fluorescence oligosaccharide probes, which is a ''turn-on" type sensor using tetraphenylethylene derivative, for detection of virus, toxin, and lectin. The merit of method for preparation of these probes is to be able to introduce ligands to probe compounds by ''click chemistry", a Cu(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition method, and can facilitate the manufacture of various biosensors. of probes because it has high efficiency and proceeds in a variety of solvents, including aqueous alcohol or organic co-solvent and water <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">[18]</ref>. Furthermore, using the fluorescent oligosaccharide probes bearing 6 0 -sialyllactose moiety, we could detect human influenza A virus.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.">Materials and methods</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.1.">Reagents</head><p>Lectins were purchased from Funakoshi (Tokyo, Japan) or Seikagaku Biobusiness (Tokyo, Japan). All chemical reagents were purchased from Sigma (St. Louis, MO), Wako Pure Chemical Industries (Osaka, Japan) or Nacalai Tesque (Kyoto, Japan). Nitrocellulose membrane (pore size = 0.2 lm) was purchased from Bio-Rad (Hercules, CA). Virus suspension was prepared from influenza virus-infected Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) cells <ref type="bibr" target="#b18">[19]</ref>. Briefly, MDCK cells were infected with A/WSN/33 strain at the multiplicity of infection of 0.1 in minimal essential medium containing 0.1% BSA, 1Â MEM vitamin solution (Gibco), and 1 lg/ml trypsin. After 48 h post infection, the culture fluid was collected and stored at À80°C until use.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.2.">Apparatus</head><p>1 H-and 13 C NMR spectra were measured using a 600-MHz JEOL spectrometer (JEOL, Tokyo, Japan). Electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS) used was a HCTultraTM (high-capacity ion trap mass spectrometer, Bruker Daltonics, Bremen, Germany). Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectra (MALDI-TOF/MS) were obtained using an AutoFlex MALDI-TOF MS (Bruker Daltonics, Bremen, Germany). The photographs under UV illumination were taken by using a FAS-III UV-image analyzer (Toyobo, Osaka, Japan). Fluorescence intensity and spectrum were measured on a Varioskan plate reader (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Waltham, MA).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.3.">Synthesis of TPE derivative compound 1</head><p>This reaction was performed following the procedures described in the literature <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">[5]</ref>. A suspension of TiCl 4 (0.78 ml, 7.0 mmol) and Zn dust (0.92 g, 14.0 mmol) in 35 ml of dry THF was refluxed under N 2 atmosphere for 2 h. A solution of 4,4 0 -dihydroxybenzophenone (1.50 g, 7.0 mmol) in dry THF (15 ml) was added to the suspension of the titanium reagent, and the reaction was allowed to proceed at reflux for 4 h. The reaction mixture was cooled to 25°C, poured into a 10% aqueous K 2 CO 3 solution (50 ml), and after vigorous stirring for 5 min, the dispersed insoluble material was removed by vacuum filtration using Celite pad. The organic layer was separated, and the aqueous layer was extracted three times with ethyl acetate (25 ml). The combined organic fractions were washed with water and dried over MgSO 4 .The solvents were removed in vacuo to afford the compound 1. The crude product was purified by a silica gel column using hexane-ethyl acetate </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.4.">Synthesis of TPE derivative compound 2</head><p>The mixture of compound 1 (0.1 g, 0.25 mmol), 3-bromo-1-propyne (0.15 g, 1.25 mmol) and K 2 CO 3 (0.35 g, 2.5 mmol) in anhydrous DMF (5 ml) was stirred vigorously under N 2 atmosphere at room temperature for 24 h. Then the solution was extracted with chloroform. The organic layer was washed successively with water and dried over anhydrous Na 2 SO 4 . After evaporation of the solvents, the crude product was purified by a silica gel column using hexane-dichloromethane  <ref type="bibr" target="#b19">[20]</ref>. The addition of a2,6-linked sialic acid to 12-azidododecyl b-lactoside was performed using a2,6-sialyltransferase from Photobacterium damselae JT160 (ST6, Japan Tobacco, Tokyo, Japan). Fifty microliters of 100 mM 12-azidododecyl b-lactoside in DMSO and 1.95 ml reaction buffer (20 mM Bis-Tris, pH 6.0, containing 0.02% Triton-X100) were mixed thoroughly. Then, 100 ll of 50 mg/ml CMP-NeuAc solution in reaction buffer and 0.1 unit ST6 was added to the solution, and the solution was incubated at 30°C for 16 h. The crude product was purified by the SAX cartride (GL Science, Tokyo, Japan) as described previously <ref type="bibr" target="#b20">[21]</ref>. The eluate was desalted using a C18 Sep-Pak cartridge (Waters, Milford, MA) and the solvents were removed in vacuo.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.6.">Introduction of oligosaccharides to TPE derivative</head><p>A reaction solution containing10 mM 12-azidododecyl b-lactoside (or 12-azidododecyl 6 0 -sialyllactoside), 2.5 mM compound 2, 10 mM CuSO 4 Á5H 2 O and 50 mM sodium ascorbate in H 2 O-DMSO(1:1, v/v) was stirred at room temperature for 24 h. The crude product was purified by silica gel column chromatography (Purif-pack SI-15, Moritex, Tokyo, Japan) using chloroform-methanol-H 2 O (5:4:1, v/v/v) as eluent. As mentioned above, two kinds of fluorescence oligosaccharide probes bearing lactosyl (Lac-TPE) and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl (a2,6SL-TPE) moieties were manufactured.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.7.">Analysis of reactivity against lectins by dot blotting</head><p>Lectins (10 lg) were spotted on nitrocellulose membrane (BioRad Laboratories, Richmond, CA) and dried up. Then, the membranes were soaked in 20 lM Lac-TPE/a2,6SL-TPE solution in 10 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.6. After 10 min of exposure to the probe solutions the membranes were washed with 10 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.6 and detected under UV illumination.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="2.8.">Fluorescence measurement</head><p>Fluorescence intensity was measured on a Varioskan plate reader with k ex /k em set at 319/460 nm. Solutions of influenza virus and fluorescence probe were mixed in a 96-well microtiter plate. After incubation at room temperature for 10 min, fluorescence intensity and spectrum were measured.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head n="3.">Results and discussion</head><p>The TPE derivatives were prepared as shown in Scheme 1A. Compound 1 was synthesized by a McMurry coupling reaction <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">[22]</ref> between two molecules of 4,4 0 -dihydroxybenzophenone. Compound 1 was converted to tetrapropargyl compound 2 by reaction with 3-bromo-1-propyne in the presence of K 2 CO 3 in acceptable yield. The chemical structures and molecular masses of compounds 1 and 2 were confirmed from their NMR and mass spectra. Lactosyl and 6 0 -sialyllactosyl moieties were introduced into compound 2 by click chemistry between the propargyl group of TPE derivative and the azide group of aglycon of oligosaccharide compounds (12-azidododecyl b-lactoside and 12-azidododecyl 6 0 -sialyllactoside) using CuSO 4 and sodium ascorbate as shown in Scheme 1B. 12-Azidododecyl b-6 0 -sialyllactoside was obtained by enzymatic reaction from 12-azidododecyl b-lactoside using ST6 in 70% yield. Because the solubility of TPE derivative and12-azidododecyl b-lactoside to water was low, they were dissolved in DMSO and added to the reaction solution. TLC analysis (chloroform-methanol-H 2 O, 5:4:1) of these mixtures showed no sign of the starting compound 2. Analysis of the MALDI-TOF mass spectrum of Lac-TPE and a2,6SL-TPE revealed a peak at m/z 2777. By dot blot method using lectin we confirmed the binding specificity of two kinds of fluorescent oligosaccharide probes (Lac-TPE and a2,6SL-TPE). Lectins RCA120 and SSA are known to bind specifically to lactose and sialyl(a2,6)Gal/sialyl(a2,6)GalNAc sequence, respectively. Lac-TPE and a2,6SL-TPE bound to RCA120 and SSA, respectively <ref type="figure" target="#fig_3">(Fig. S1</ref>). These fluorescent oligosaccharide probes were confirmed to be useful tools for detection by dot blot method. It is usually necessary for the analytes to have plural bind-  ing sites to form aggregate states in the solution. However, the analytes immobilized on the membranes were detectable even if they have only one binding site.</p><p>Human influenza viruses bind preferentially to sialic acids linked to galactose by an a2,6 linkage. We examined whether influenza virus could be specifically detected by the fluorescence oligosaccharide probe, because the influenza virus possesses HA molecules at a high density (about 1000 molecules/virus) on its surface <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">[23]</ref>. <ref type="figure" target="#fig_3">Fig. 1</ref>  whether the TPE derivatives bind to one virus particle or viral aggregates to induce such fluorescence enhancement by AIE effect. This AIE effect is mainly caused by the restriction of intramolecular rotation of C-C single bond <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[24]</ref>. The a2,6SL-TPE may bind to the HA molecules on the surface of an influenza virus and freeze its intramolecular rotation. <ref type="figure">Fig. 2</ref> shows the fluorescence spectrum of a2,6SL-TPE in the absence and presence of influenza virus A/WSN/33 in 10 mM</p><p>Tris-HCl, pH 7.6. a2,6SL-TPE showed very feeble emission at the concentration of 5 lM. The emission of less than 400 nm light depends on the self-luminosity of the 96-well microtiter plate. However, after addition of influenza virus A/WSN/33, the emission band at 460 nm increased. Actually, the difference of fluorescence between the absence and presence of influenza virus can be distinguished by the naked eye under UV illumination as shown in <ref type="figure">Fig. 2</ref>. Moreover, we examined detectable amounts of influenza virus. The fluorescence intensity of a2,6SL-TPE at 460 nm increased significantly as a function of increasing amounts of influenza virus as shown in <ref type="figure">Fig. 3</ref>. The influenza virus with a concentration higher than 10 5 pfu/100 ll was significantly detected.</p><p>It is well-known that influenza viruses bind to sialyl sugar chain receptors on host cell membranes. Trimeric hemagglutinin (HA) molecules on the surface of the envelope membrane of the virus plays an important role in influenza virus infection to human cells. The binding specificity of HA changes easily by a mutation of the HA gene (only two sets of amino acid exchange) <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">[13]</ref>, so that the detection method of influenza virus using oligosaccharide probes is quite useful for diagnosis of the influenza virus.</p><p>In conclusion, we developed a simple method for the preparation of fluorescence oligosaccharide probes. TPE derivatives with propargyl residues could be used for ligation to oligosaccharide compounds with azide residues by click chemistry. Because the ligation reaction proceeded with CuSO 4 /ascorbate in water/DMSO mixtures at room temperature, water-soluble compounds such as oligosaccharide could be easily ligated to TPE derivatives. By this technique, we prepared fluorescence oligosaccharide probes and demonstrated that a2,6SL-TPE can be used as fluorescent sensor for influenza virus. absence.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>This reaction is very suitable for the preparation of various kinds 0006-291X/$ -see front matter Ó 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. doi:10.1016/j.bbrc.2010.02.155</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>NMR (CD 3 OD, 600 MHz): d 6.79 (d, 8H), 6.78 (d, 8H); 13 C NMR (CD 3 OD, 600 MHz): d 155.3, 138.3, 136.1, 132.4, 114.0.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>4030.9 ([M-4H+5Na] + ), respectively.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head>Scheme 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Scheme 1. Synthesis of fluorescence oligosaccharide probes. (A) Synthesis of compounds 1 and 2. (B) Copper(I)-catalyzed synthesis of Lac-TPE and a2,6SL-TPE.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4"><head>Fig. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Fig. 1. Fluorescence intensity at 460 nm of Lac-TPE and a2,6SL-TPE (2.5 lM) in the presence of different concentrations of influenza virus A/WSN/33 in 10 mM TrisHCl, pH 7.6.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_5"><head>Fig. 2 .Fig. 3 .</head><label>23</label><figDesc>Fig. 2. Fluorescence spectrum and photographs of a2,6SL-TPE (5 lM) in the presence (10 6 pfu) or absence of influenza virus A/WSN/33 in 10 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.6.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>(1:1, v/v) as eluent. Compound 2 was obtained in 66% yield (0.09 g).</figDesc><table>1 

H NMR (CDCl 3 , 600 MHz): d 6.93 
(d, 8H), 6.70 (d, 8H), 4.62 (s, 8H), 2.51 (s, 4H); 
13 C NMR (CDCl 3 , 

600 MHz): d 156.1, 138.7, 137.5, 132.6, 114.1, 78.7, 75.5, 55.9; 
ESI-MS: m/z 548.2 ([M+H] 
+ : 549.207). 

2.5. Preparation of 12-azidododecyl -lactoside and 12-azidododecyl 
6 
0 -sialyllactoside 

12-Azidododecyl b-lactoside was prepared as described in liter-

ature </table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We would like to acknowledge Dr. Maria Carmelita Z. Kasuya (The University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan) for the helpful discussions and technical support on this study. We also thank Dr. Koji Matsuoka and Dr. Tetsuo Koyama (Saitama University, Saitama, Japan) for the MALDI-TOF MS analysis. This work was supported by a grant for ''Development of Novel Diagnostic and Medical Applications through Elucidation of Sugar Chain Functions" from New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization (NEDO), the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology of Japan, Research Fellowship of the Japanese Society for the Promotion of Sience (JSPS).</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Appendix A. Supplementary data</head><p>Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.bbrc.2010.02.155.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The enzyme electrode</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Updike</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hicks</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">214</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="986" to="988" />
			<date type="published" when="1967" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Biosensor recognition elements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Chambers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Arulanandam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Matta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Weis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valdes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Curr. Issues Mol. Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="12" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Aggregation-induced emission of 1-methyl-1,2,3,4,5-pentaphenylsilole</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Xie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W Y</forename><surname>Lam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Cheng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Qiu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Kwok</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Zhan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">Q</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem. Commun</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1740" to="1741" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Fluorescent &apos;&apos;light-up&quot; bioprobes based on tetraphenylethylene derivatives with aggregation-induced emission characteristics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Haussler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W Y</forename><surname>Lam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Guo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Guo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem. Commun</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3705" to="3707" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Turn On&quot; chemosensors for Ag + and Hg 2+ based on tetraphenylethylene motif featuring adenine and thymine moieties</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Xiang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Zhang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Zhu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fluorescence</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Org. Lett</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4581" to="4584" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sugar-phosphole oxide conjugates as &apos;&apos;Turnon&quot; luminescent sensors for lectins</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sanji</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Shiraishi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Appl. Mater. Interfaces</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="270" to="273" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A virus receptor which mediates the adsorption-fusion process of viral infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Matsunaga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Matsumoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>-Acetylneuraminyllactosylceramide</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>M3-Neuac</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Biol. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">260</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1362" to="1365" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human influenza A virus hemagglutinin distinguishes sialyloligosaccharides in membrane-associated gangliosides as its receptor which mediates the adsorption and fusion processes of virus infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Nagao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Kato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Matsumoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nerome</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nakajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Nobusawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Biol. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">261</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="17057" to="17061" />
			<date type="published" when="1986" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Norovirus disease: changing epidemiology and host susceptibility factors</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hutson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Atmar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Estes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trends Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="279" to="287" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Differential sensitivity of human, avian, and equine influenza A viruses to a glycoprotein inhibitor of infection: selection of receptor specific variants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Rogers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Pritchett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Lane</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Paulson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Virology</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">131</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="394" to="408" />
			<date type="published" when="1983" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Early alterations of the receptor-binding properties of H1, H2, and H3 avian influenza virus hemagglutinins after their introduction into mammals</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Matrosovich</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tuzikov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Bovin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gambaryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Klimov</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Castrucci</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Donatelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Kawaoka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8502" to="8512" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Host mediated variation and receptor binding specificity of influenza viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Adv. Exp. Med. Biol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">491</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="445" to="451" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sialobiology of influenza molecular mechanism of host range variation of influenza viruses</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Biol. Pharm. Bull</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="399" to="408" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Quantitative analysis of bacterial toxin affinity and specificity for glycolipid receptors by surface plasmon resonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Mackenzie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Hirama</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Lee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Altman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Young</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Biol. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">272</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="5533" to="5538" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A mutant cholera toxin B subunit that binds GM1-ganglioside but lacks immunomodulatory or toxic activity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Aman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Fraser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Merritt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rodigherio</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kenny</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ahn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">G J</forename><surname>Hol</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Lencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hirst</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="8536" to="8541" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A cholera toxin B-subunit variant that binds ganglioside G M1 but fails to induce toxicity</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rodighiero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Fujinaga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hirst</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Lencer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Biol. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">276</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36939" to="36945" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Kinetic analysis of binding between Shiga toxin and receptor glycolipid Gb 3 Cer by surface plasmon resonance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Nakajima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Kiyokawa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">U</forename><surname>Katagiri</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Taguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Suzuki</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sekino</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Mimori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Ebata</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Saito</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Nakao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Takeda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Fujimoto</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Biol. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">276</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42915" to="42922" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A stepwise Huisgen cycloaddition process: copper(I)-catalyzed regioselective &apos;&apos;Ligation&quot; of azides and terminal alkynes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Rostovtsev</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Green</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Fokin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Sharpless</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Angew. Chem</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">114</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2708" to="2711" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Involvement of influenza virus PA subunit in assembly of functional RNA polymerase complexes</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kawaguchi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Naito</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nagata</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Virol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="732" to="744" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Efficient sialylation on azidododecyl lactosides by using B16 melanoma cells</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Murozuka</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C Z</forename><surname>Kasuya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kobayashi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Watanabe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Sato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hatanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem. Biodivers</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1063" to="1078" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rapid separation of gangliosides using strong anion exchanger cartridges</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Kato</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C Z</forename><surname>Kasuya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Hatanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Oleo Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">57</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="400" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Carbonyl-coupling reactions using low-valent titanium</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Mcmurry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Chem. Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">89</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1513" to="1524" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<monogr>
				<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Petty</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<title level="m">Molecular Biology of Membranes: Structure and Function</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Plenum Publishing Corp</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Protein detection and quantitation by tetraphenylethene-based fluorescent probes with aggregation-induced emission characteristics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Tong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Hong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Häussler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W Y</forename><surname>Lam</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Dong</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Sung</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Williams</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Tang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J. Phys. Chem. B</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">111</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="11817" to="11823" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
