<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:05+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Urbanisation and infectious diseases in a globalised world</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
				<date type="published" when="2011-02-11">11 February 2011</date>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD</roleName><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Alirol</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>MD</roleName><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Getaz</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>PhD, L Loutan MPH</roleName><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Chappuis</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author role="corresp">
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><roleName>Prof</roleName><forename type="first">Louis</forename><surname>Loutan</surname></persName>
							<email>louis.loutan@hcuge.ch</email>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Emilie</forename><surname>Alirol</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Laurent</forename><surname>Getaz</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Beat</forename><surname>Stoll</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">François</forename><surname>Chappuis</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Louis</forename><surname>Loutan</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department" key="dep1">Division of International and Humanitarian Medicine</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep2">Department of Community Medicine and Primary Care</orgName>
								<orgName type="department" key="dep3">Faculty of Medicine (E Alirol, L Getaz, F Chappuis, L Loutan) and Institute of Social and Preventive Medicine (B Stoll MD)</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">Geneva University Hospitals</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Geneva</settlement>
									<country key="CH">Switzerland</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="laboratory">Service de Médecine Internationale et humanitaire, Hôpitaux Universitaires de Genève</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution">University of Geneva</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Rue Gabrielle Perret-Gentil 4</addrLine>
									<postCode>1211</postCode>
									<settlement>Geneva, Geneva 14</settlement>
									<country>Switzerland, Switzerland</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Urbanisation and infectious diseases in a globalised world</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date type="published" when="2011-02-11">11 February 2011</date>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note>131 Review Lancet Infect Dis 2010; 10: 131-41 Correspondence to:</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The world is becoming urban. The UN predicts that the world's urban population will almost double from 3·3 billion in 2007 to 6·3 billion in 2050. Most of this increase will be in developing countries. Exponential urban growth is having a profound eff ect on global health. Because of international travel and migration, cities are becoming important hubs for the transmission of infectious diseases, as shown by recent pandemics. Physicians in urban environments in developing and developed countries need to be aware of the changes in infectious diseases associated with urbanisation. Furthermore, health should be a major consideration in town planning to ensure urbanisation works to reduce the burden of infectious diseases in the future.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Introduction</head><p>In 2009, more than 50% of the world's population were living in cities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> Although most developed nations already show high rates of urbanisation (about 80%), tropical countries are experiencing a remarkable expansion of their urban agglomerations (fi gure 1). The population of Niamey, Niger, for example, increased from 250 000 people in the 1980s to almost 1 million today. By 2050, the world's urban population is expected to reach 6·3 billion. Almost all of this growth will be in lowincome regions: in Africa the urban population is likely to triple, and in Asia it will more than double. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> Although Latin America became mostly urban in the early 1960s, sub-Saharan Africa remains mainly rural and is not expected to pass the urban tipping point before 2030. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> Although nearly half of the increase will be in small urban centres (less than 500 000 inhabitants), most mega-cities in Europe and northern America will grow by less than 0·5%. High-growth rates are expected in Lagos, Nigeria, Dhaka, Bangladesh, and Karachi, Pakistan. This worldwide increase in urban population results from a combination of factors including natural population growth, migration, government policies, infrastructure development, and other major political and economical forces, including globalisation.</p><p>There is no universally accepted defi nition of what urban is. Some countries use a basic administrative defi nition (eg, living in the capital city); others use population measures (eg, size or density), or functional characteristics (eg, economic activities). Data are therefore diffi cult to extrapolate from one country to another. Moreover, there are few high-quality studies assessing urban health in tropical regions and most studies are cross-sectional. Most studies address diff erences between urban and rural settings and data are rarely disaggregated according to disparities within urban settings, which are therefore masked. Finally, urban growth might be driven by diff erent forces in diff erent cities, and the epidemiology of individual diseases might diff er according to specifi c urban dynamics and contexts. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> In industrialised nations, urbanisation has contributed to an overall improvement of health and to a major shift in disease patterns towards a rise in chronic diseases. However, in many low-income countries, economic growth does not keep pace with the rise in urban populations. Many national and municipal governments do not have the resources to cope with the steady infl ux of migrants or with the explosive demographic growth of urban centres. The urban sector's share of the poor is therefore on the rise. In Sudan and Central African Republic, more than 94% of urban residents live in dismal conditions in shanty towns. <ref type="bibr" target="#b4">5</ref> In 2001, 924 million urban residents lived in slums and informal settlements. This number is expected to double to almost 2 billion by 2030. <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6</ref> The health transition that has taken place in developed cities is still beyond reach for most low-income countries. Chronic illnesses have been increasing in importance, but infectious diseases remain a leading cause of mortality and morbidity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b6">[7]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b7">[8]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b8">[9]</ref> Furthermore, important socioeconomic disparities have emerged in urban centres mirrored by profound health inequalities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10</ref> Urbanisation of low-income countries raises new health challenges for the international community. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9</ref> Several rural pathogens have adapted to urban environments and others have emerged or re-emerged in urban areas. The heterogeneity in health of urban dwellers, increased rates of contact, and mobility of people, results in a high risk of disease transmission in large urban populations. Cities become incubators where all the conditions are met for outbreaks to occur. Although poor urban areas are typically aff ected fi rst, Review infections have the potential to rapidly propagate to other parts of the city, including wealthy neighbourhoods and tourist areas. Additionally, in an interconnected world, cities become gateways for the worldwide spread of infections. These issues have substantial publichealth implications, reshaping the epidemiology of both chronic and infectious diseases, with consequences worldwide. They also change the practice of physicians working in cities of tropical regions, and of travel doctors in developed nations. This Review will summarise how urbanisation infl uences the epidemiology of infectious diseases. We focus on lowincome countries where most rapid urbanisation is taking place with important consequences because of the scarcity of resources.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A web of interconnected determinants</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Specifi cities of urban populations</head><p>The close proximity of people is a prominent urban factor. The world's densest cities are in Asia, and with almost 30 000 inhabitants per km², Mumbai, India leads the way. Population density aff ects diseases, particularly those transmitted via respiratory and faecal-oral routes. Because of high-population density, an increased amount of shared airspace increases exposure to infl uenza, measles, and Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Urban centres usually have higher rates of tuberculosis infection than do rural areas.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>11</head><p>In impoverished suburban areas of Karachi, Pakistan, the prevalence of pulmonary tuberculosis is 329 per 100 000 people, much higher than the prevalence of 171 per 100 000 that was reported by Pakistan national statistics. <ref type="bibr" target="#b11">12</ref> Densely populated cities also provide favourable grounds for the spread of emerging diseases, as shown by the severe acute respiratory syndrome or the recent H1N1 infl uenza epidemics. Careful urban planning is crucial to restrict household overcrowding, and the provision of parks and open spaces relieves congestion.</p><p>In most low-income countries, urban expansion is due to natural population growth. However, migration of people from other urban centres or from rural areas contributes substantially to the growth of cities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1</ref> Economic migration and forced displacement can contribute to population movements. In Amman, Jordan, at least 500 000 of the 2 million inhabitants have moved to the city seeking refuge from confl ict or disaster. <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">3</ref> For urban growth, migration is generally more important in nations with low rates of natural increase. In China for example, the fl oating population of rural migrants moving to coastal cities is about 120 million. Large population movements are also occurring between cities, notably in Latin America and the Caribbean. In São Paulo, Brazil, a third of all urban growth can be attributed to migration from other cities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b8">9</ref> Migration aff ects the transmission of communicable diseases in several ways. First, cities might provide favourable conditions for the spread of germs that are imported by migrants. Schistosomiasis has established itself in urban areas most probably through infected migrants. <ref type="bibr" target="#b12">13</ref> The snail intermediate host of Schistosoma spp is present in urban water bodies, and endemic foci occur in large cities such as in Bamako, Mali, Dar el Salam, Tanzania, and Kampala, Uganda.</p><p>14-16 Second, migrants who are infected might also increase the transmission of a disease that is already present in a city. In Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, the massive infl ow of internally displaced persons from provinces where African trypanosomiasis is endemic, contributed to an increase of ten times in the number of cases reported. <ref type="bibr" target="#b16">17</ref> Finally, rural migrants travelling from non-endemic areas might also change the epidemiology of infectious diseases already present in cities. Many newcomers do not have the specifi c immunity for these diseases and are more susceptible to infections and more likely to develop severe forms than are residents. <ref type="bibr" target="#b17">18,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b18">19</ref> Naive migrants also contribute to the spread of latent forms of the disease. In Kabul, Afghanistan, where cutaneous leishmaniasis is endemic, most of the population become infected and immune in early life. Since 1987, rural-to-urban population movements have substantially increased the risk of transmission among newcomers, and the spread of this disease has reached epidemic proportions.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>20</head><p>The physical environment of cities According to WHO, almost 137 million people in urban populations have no access to safe drinking water, and more than 600 million urban dwellers do not have adequate sanitation. <ref type="bibr" target="#b21">21</ref> The situation is particularly alarming in congested cities of sub-Saharan Africa (fi gure 2). In Nigeria for example, only 3% of residents from Ibadan have access to piped water, and in Greater Lagos, only 9% of its 10 million residents have access. <ref type="bibr" target="#b3">4</ref> Unsafe water sources and inadequate sanitation and hygiene are prime contributors to diarrhoeal infections and might lead to cholera endemicity. <ref type="bibr" target="#b22">22</ref> The overall prevalence of diarrhoea can be very high in cities as shown by data from northern Jakarta, Indonesia, where Review prevalence is 50 per 1000 people. <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">23</ref> Inadequate sanitation also aff ects the transmission of soil-transmitted helminthiasis and intestinal parasites. Several surveys <ref type="bibr" target="#b23">[23]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b24">[24]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b25">[25]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b26">[26]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b27">[27]</ref> show a high prevalence of intestinal parasites among children-for example, 52·8% in Karachi, Pakistan. <ref type="bibr" target="#b27">27</ref> Finally, absence of sewerage systems can lead to the proliferation of rodents, as in El Salvador's slums, where rats carrying Leptospira interrogans proliferate. <ref type="bibr" target="#b28">28</ref> During the rainy season, open-drainage gutters tend to overfl ow, fl ooding streets and adjacent homes, and triggering outbreaks of leptospirosis. <ref type="bibr" target="#b29">[29]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b30">[30]</ref> Solutions to the urban transmission of water-borne diseases include improved water access, quality, and sanitation, and the promotion of personal hygiene practice. If continued political and fi nancial commitment is made, these interventions might result in a high return on investment. <ref type="bibr" target="#b31">31</ref> In Beijing and Chongqing, China, alliances of several stakeholders were established to address long-term sustainability of urban water cycles. The doubling of Chongqing's population between 1995 and 2003 has resulted in water scarcity and serious environmental degradation. Recycling of waste water and initiatives for harvesting rainwater are under development. <ref type="bibr" target="#b32">32</ref> Urbanisation also creates an increasing problem for the management of solid waste. The Asian Development Bank estimates that the waste quantities generated by Indian cities will increase from 46 million tonnes in 2001, to 65 million tonnes in 2010. In rural areas, most waste is reused as compost, burnt, or recycled to meet daily needs. In cities, this is rarely possible, and when municipal services are defi cient, waste piles up in empty lots and street sides, leading to soil, air, and water pollution. This pollution might increase the prevalence of diarrhoeal and intestinal parasitic infections. <ref type="bibr" target="#b34">33,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b35">34</ref> Accumulated waste can also be a breeding site for vectors. Phlebotomine sandfl ies-the main vectors for leishmania parasitesbreed in organic waste from human beings and domestic animals. In Teresina, Brazil, the risk of contracting visceral leishmaniasis is six times higher for people living in houses with no regular rubbish collection than for people with regular rubbish collection. <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">35</ref> Aedes spp mosquitoes, which are vectors for dengue, yellow fever, and chikungunya, have adapted well to the urban environment and often breed in cans, plastic bottles, and tyres. <ref type="bibr" target="#b37">36,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b38">37</ref> Accumulated waste also favours the swarming of rodents. The epicentre for plague outbreaks in Mahajanga, Madagascar, is a densely populated area including two large markets, which generate the town's largest amount of rubbish. <ref type="bibr" target="#b39">38</ref> Housing conditions are commonly better than in rural areas, with concrete fl oors and walls rather than houses built with leaves and mud. In many low-income countries, however, poor residents of slums generally build their own dwellings from fl imsy, scrounged materials and with no concern for vector hygiene. In the suburbs of Arequipa, Peru, about half of the houses are infested with Triatoma infestans, which transmits Trypano soma cruzi. <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">39</ref> Infestans were also found in peri-urban areas of Cochabamba, Bolivia. <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">40</ref> However, several municipalities have deployed large-scale eff orts to upgrade shantytowns and other impoverished areas. A government programme in Mexico to replace dirt fl oors with cement fl oors in Mexico City led to a 78% reduction in parasitic protozoa infestations and a 49% reduction in diarrhoea among children. <ref type="bibr" target="#b42">41</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Social disparities drive health inequities in urban settings</head><p>Many social determinants interact to defi ne individual exposure and vulnerability to disease. <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">42</ref> In urban settings, the most substantial factors include socioeconomic status, place of residence, race, ethnicity, gender, and education. <ref type="bibr" target="#b44">43</ref> Urbanisation contributes to economic growth and is generally a positive factor in overall poverty reduction. Cities provide opportunities for many rural migrants who are attracted by greater job prospects and higher salaries than those found in rural areas. Improved socioeconomic status results in improved health and health conditions are on average better in urban areas than in rural areas. However, in most cities in low-income countries, high inequities in economic, social, and living conditions are often noted, which are often mirrored by inequalities in health (fi gure 3). <ref type="bibr" target="#b7">8,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b45">44</ref> In cities in Brazil, low income, unemployment, and material deprivation are associated with an increased risk of dengue, schistosomiasis, and leptospirosis. <ref type="bibr" target="#b46">[45]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b47">[46]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b48">[47]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b49">[48]</ref> In addition to individual-level factors, the socioeconomic characteristics of neighbourhoods also matter, and slum dwellers and informal settlers are the most vulnerable groups. <ref type="bibr" target="#b43">42</ref> In El Salvador, Brazil, the risk of acquiring severe leptospirosis is four times higher for residents of favelas than for other residents. <ref type="bibr" target="#b30">30,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b50">49</ref> Similarly, education levels are higher on average in urban centres than in rural areas. Furthermore, urban residents have better access to mass media and are more exposed to campaigns for disease prevention. Knowledge and skills attained through education make people more receptive to health education. For example, knowledge of HIV and AIDS is better in many cities than in rural areas, and urban dwellers generally use condoms more frequently. <ref type="bibr" target="#b51">50</ref> In urban Bangladesh, access to education and mass media are among the strongest predictors of health outcomes in women. <ref type="bibr" target="#b52">51</ref> Educated mothers are more aware of the importance of breast feeding, immunisation, and simple hygienic measures; 52 but huge intraurban disparities persist. A study comparing rural, urban, and slum residents in India, found that literacy rates were higher in rural areas (80·6% literacy) and other urban areas (94·3%) than in slums (65·3%). Immunisation coverage, contraceptive use, and antenatal care were poorer in slums than in other urban districts. <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">53</ref> Socioeconomic disparities also determine diff erential access to, and use of health care, with a substantial eff ect on prevention, treatment, and survival. In the city of Chandigarh, India, despite the presence of tertiary-care Review hospitals, multispeciality hospitals, and a network of public dispensaries and private clinics, coverage indicators for reproductive and child health are inferior in impoverished neighbourhoods. <ref type="bibr" target="#b54">53</ref> In the slums of Nairobi, Kenya, tumbledown, private-owned, and unlicensed clinics might be the only health facilities to which residents have access. <ref type="bibr" target="#b55">54</ref> Access to vaccination is also an issue for poorer urban residents, and in subSaharan Africa, rapid rates of urbanisation are associated with negative outcomes in access to vaccination. <ref type="bibr" target="#b56">55</ref> Diff erential access to medication might result in the emergence of resistance in the urban environment, (eg, malaria resistance to chloroquine <ref type="bibr" target="#b57">56</ref> ). The number of cases of multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosis is also rapidly increasing in several cities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b58">57</ref> For Baku, Azerbaijan, this increase is particularly daunting: among newly diagnosed cases of tuberculosis, the proportion of singledrug resistant and MDR tuberculosis are 56·3% and 22·3%, respectively. Surveys have also reported alarming rates of MDR tuberculosis in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Mumbai, India, Dhaka, Bangladesh, and Cape Town, South Africa. <ref type="bibr" target="#b58">[57]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">[58]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b60">[59]</ref> Finally, the urban environment results in many changes in human behaviour that aff ect transmission risks, in particular, for sexually transmitted diseases. Decreased social cohesion, new family structures, and the relaxation of traditional cultural norms yield new patterns of behaviour, including changes in sexual activity and the use of drugs. <ref type="bibr" target="#b61">60,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b62">61</ref> Young people are particularly at risk. In Kampala, Uganda, a survey done among adolescents showed that 20·6% of the girls and 13·2% of the boys had at least one sexually transmitted disease. <ref type="bibr" target="#b63">62</ref> Migrants are also a particularly vulnerable group, because they are often young, single, and living away from their relatives.</p><p>The 120 million migrants of China have been identifi ed as the tipping point for the country's AIDS epidemic and several reports have underlined the high prevalence of high-risk sexual behaviours among this fl oating population. <ref type="bibr" target="#b64">[63]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b65">[64]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b66">[65]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b67">[66]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b68">[67]</ref> Risk perception about sexually transmitted diseases and HIV and AIDS is profoundly changed in rural-to-urban migrant populations; <ref type="bibr" target="#b65">64,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b66">65</ref> however, the link between health behaviour and transmission of sexually transmitted diseases remains complex. A study comparing behaviours in Cotonou, Benin, Yaoundé, Cameroon, Kisumu, Kenya, and Ndola, Zambia, found that high-risk sexual behaviour was not more common in cities with the highest HIV prevalences than in others. <ref type="bibr" target="#b69">68</ref> Furthermore, some studies show that the sexual behaviour of young adults might be more high-risk in rural areas than in cities.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>69,70</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Important infectious diseases in tropical urban environments</head><p>Several infectious diseases have emerged or re-emerged in urban areas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b72">71</ref> Some that were traditionally thought of as rural, have adapted to the urban environment and are now common in cities. Others have acquired the potential to start sudden epidemics. However, urban development has also reduced the transmission of other diseases. Because tuberculosis <ref type="bibr" target="#b9">10,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b59">58,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b60">59,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b73">[72]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b74">[73]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b75">[74]</ref> and HIV 50,75 transmission have already been documented elsewhere, these diseases, though of primary importance, are not discussed here.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>When rural diseases turn urban</head><p>Several of the neglected tropical diseases that were once most common in rural, remote areas, are now frequently found in cities. Leishmaniasis is a growing health problem, and rapid urbanisation contributes to this increase. <ref type="bibr" target="#b77">76</ref> In several cities, the numbers have exploded: in Kabul, Afghanistan, cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis increased from 14 200 in 1994, to 65 000 in 2002, and in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, the incidence of cutaneous leishmaniasis increased from 28 cases in 1995, to 2375 in 2000. <ref type="bibr" target="#b78">77</ref> Visceral leishmaniasis has become an important issue in several Latin American cities including Teresina, Belo Horizonte, São Luis, and Salvador de Bahia in Brazil. <ref type="bibr" target="#b79">78,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b81">79</ref> Several processes contributed to the urbanisation of this disease. First, rapid urban expansion might bring populations into contact with zoonotic cycles established in adjacent rural areas. For example, cutaneous leishmaniasis has established itself in the periphery of Manaus, Brazil, Bella Vista, Argentina, Marrakech, Morocco, and Khartoum, Sudan. <ref type="bibr" target="#b82">[80]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b83">[81]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b84">[82]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b85">[83]</ref> Second, migrations have probably contributed to the urbanisation of visceral leishmaniasis. In northeast Brazil, prolonged droughts have triggered massive population movements towards the outskirts of large cities. Rural migrants settled in shantytowns and brought chickens, pigs, and dogs with them, creating ideal conditions for the proliferation of sandfl ies and for the establishment of an urban transmission cycle. <ref type="bibr" target="#b77">76</ref> Similarly, the emergence of The urban environment is characterised by important socioeconomic disparities and geographical heterogeneity. In Paraisopolis, São Paulo, Brazil, high-income housing is just two steps away from the favela shacks.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Tuca Vieiria</head><p>Review visceral leishmaniasis in Khartoum in 1988 likely resulted from the infl ux of people from western Upper Nile province, southern Sudan, who had fl ed the civil war in the south. <ref type="bibr" target="#b86">84</ref> Finally, poor sanitary conditions and changes in vector ecology also contributed substantially to the spread of visceral leishmaniasis, and high numbers of sandfl ies were recorded in several cities. <ref type="bibr" target="#b36">35,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b87">85,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b92">90</ref> Chagas disease, the American trypanosomiasis, caused by the protozoan parasite cruzi, aff ects 8 million to 10 million people every year. <ref type="bibr" target="#b93">91</ref> This disease is transmitted by triatomine bugs that hide in wall cracks and thatched roofs of rural households. Chagas disease has long been thought of as a disease of rural areas, but several reports suggest the existence of transmission foci in urban and periurban areas. In 1996, a seroepidemiological survey in Cochabamaba, Bolivia, found anti-T-cruzi antibodies in 12·5% of the inhabitants. <ref type="bibr" target="#b41">40</ref> Another survey showed that 22% of children from Cochabamba aged 5-13 years were seropositive for T-cruzi infection. <ref type="bibr" target="#b94">92</ref> In poor suburbs of Arequipa, Peru, of the 397 households surveyed, 194 (52%) were infested with triatomines, and 72 (19·3%) harboured insects that were infected with T cruzi. <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">39</ref> In urban settings, T cruzi can also be transmitted via blood transfusion or organ transplants. In Latin American cities between 1980 and 1989, 1·3-51·0% of blood units intended for transfusion were infected with T cruzi. <ref type="bibr" target="#b95">93</ref> Rural-to-urban migrants have probably played an important part in the establishment of Chagas disease in cities by transporting vectors from endemic rural areas to the peripheries of towns where they usually settle. Triatomine bugs were detected in Buenos Aires and San Juan, Argentina, in Heredia, Costa Rica, and in Cuernavaca, Mexico. <ref type="bibr" target="#b96">[94]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b97">[95]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b98">[96]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b99">[97]</ref> Vector proliferation is associated with poor socioeconomic conditions, poor housing, and the presence of domestic animals in and around houses. <ref type="bibr" target="#b40">39</ref> Other neglected tropical diseases have adapted to the urban environment. Among the 1·2 billion people at risk of lymphatic fi lariasis, about 29% live in urban settings. <ref type="bibr" target="#b100">98</ref> In poor neighbourhoods in Nigeria, Brazil, and India, mismanagement of waste water, absence of sewer systems, and accumulation of waste promote the proliferation of Wuchereria bancrofti vectors and increase biting rates.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>99-102</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>The looming threat of explosive urban epidemics</head><p>The urban environment off ers favourable grounds for the spread of epidemics, mainly because of highpopulation densities. Some diseases, such as dengue, have become permanently established in urban areas and cause regular epidemics, while others, like Ebola in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo, in 1995, or Marburg haemorrhagic fever in Angola in 2005, might produce occasional, patchy outbreaks. Epidemic forms of certain diseases, such as chikungunya, might become restricted to the urban environment. <ref type="bibr" target="#b106">103</ref> In Africa, despite several decades of relative inactivity, outbreaks of yellow fever have occurred since the mid 1980s, sometimes involving tens of thousands of cases. <ref type="bibr" target="#b107">104</ref> Interruption of immunisation programmes, population movements, and urbanisation all partly account for the spread of this virus. In several endemic countries, rapid urban growth has resulted in non-immune populations being concentrated in overcrowded slums that are swarming with Aedes spp mosquitoes. Several densely-populated cities are near areas of enzootic activity, and the risk of large and uncontrollable outbreaks is looming. <ref type="bibr" target="#b108">105</ref>   <ref type="bibr" target="#b109">[106]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b110">[107]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b111">[108]</ref> In South America, re-emergence of urban yellow fever might also occur in the near future, particularly in densely populated coastal regions where most of the population is not vaccinated. <ref type="bibr" target="#b112">109</ref> The 2008 re-emergence of yellow fever in Paraguay was almost an urban outbreak.</p><p>Dengue fever is mainly an urban disease that has been associated with sudden epidemics in tropical and subtropical regions. The geographical distribution of dengue has increased substantially in the past 30 years, and it is now endemic in more than 100 countries. <ref type="bibr" target="#b113">110</ref> About 50 million infections occur every year, including 400 000 cases of dengue haemorrhagic fever. The incidence of dengue has increased greatly in south Asian cities. In 2007, Indonesia reported 127 687 cases of dengue fever, 25 000 of which were in Jakarta. <ref type="bibr" target="#b114">111</ref> Epidemics of dengue fever and dengue haemorrhagic fever start in major cities and spread geographically outwards to rural areas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b115">112</ref> Low-herd immunity, high-population density, increased mobility, air travel, and ineff ective control programmes are thought to have contributed to the reemergence of the virus in south Asia. Unplanned urbanisation has also been central to the re-emergence of dengue fever in the Americas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b116">113</ref> The epicentre of the epidemic that aff ected Brazil between January, and April, 2008, was in Rio de Janeiro and resulted in more than 120 000 reported cases, including 647 cases of dengue haemorrhagic fever and 48 deaths.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>When urbanisation curtails transmission</head><p>There are several examples of urban growth triggering the decline of infectious diseases. Air and water pollution, which exist in many cities, can hinder vector proliferation. A study examining phlebotomine proliferation in Marrakech, showed that urbanisation generally decreased sandfl y populations. <ref type="bibr" target="#b117">114</ref> Although most anopheline species do not tolerate polluted waters, some have adapted to contaminated waste water. <ref type="bibr" target="#b118">[115]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b119">[116]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b120">[117]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b121">[118]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b122">[119]</ref> Evidence for transmission of malaria has been found in most cities in sub-Saharan Africa, but levels of transmission are generally lower in urban areas than in rural areas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b123">120,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b124">121</ref> Estimates predict that among the 0·6 billion people from Africa who are at risk of malaria, about 200 million are urban dwellers. <ref type="bibr" target="#b125">122</ref> In urban environments, anopheline vectors are less abundant and less likely to be infected with Plasmodium spp. Furthermore, urban dwellers experience reduced Review biting rates. Destruction of vector habitats, improved housing conditions, and improved access to preventive and curative measures all partly account for this decreased transmission. However, substantial variations in malaria transmission exist in diff erent areas of the same city, thus refl ecting disparities in environmental conditions and population dynamics. <ref type="bibr" target="#b126">123</ref> A survey done in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, showed that the prevalence of parasitaemia among school children varied between 24·1% in the centre, and 68·7% in peripheral areas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b127">124</ref> Urban transmission is usually remarkably focal and occurs in the vicinity of Anopheles spp breeding sites. <ref type="bibr" target="#b129">125</ref> In particular, urban farming might promote high densities of mosquitoes and increase transmission of malaria in specifi c areas. <ref type="bibr" target="#b130">126,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b131">127</ref> Hepatitis A is another example of the positive eff ect that cities can have on transmission of infectious diseases. Hepatitis A is typically a disease of the poor, its prevalence being closely related to socioeconomic status, hygiene, and living conditions. In most lowincome countries, exposure to hepatitis A virus is thought to be universal before age 10 years. <ref type="bibr" target="#b132">[128]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b133">[129]</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b134">[130]</ref> However, in several countries, improvements in sanitation and public-health programmes have shifted the epidemiological pattern of hepatitis A viral infection, with exposure to the virus occurring at a later age. <ref type="bibr" target="#b135">131,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b136">132</ref> This shift is particularly evident in urban areas, where improved socioeconomic status is generally accompanied by a decline in the prevalence of hepatitis A. For example, over the past 30 years, there has been a substantial decrease in hepatitis A infections in Singapore, and a 50% drop in the seroprevalence of hepatitis A antibodies since 1975. <ref type="bibr" target="#b135">131</ref> About 10 years ago, hepatitis A was viewed as an important health issue in Hong Kong, causing 67-83% of all notifi ed cases of viral hepatitis. <ref type="bibr" target="#b137">133</ref> However, the number of notifi ed cases showed a decrease of ten times since the 1990s, with 63 cases reported in 2005. <ref type="bibr" target="#b138">134</ref> </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Highly interconnected urban hubs: a catalyst to the spread of diseases</head><p>Global travel has changed substantially in the past 30 years, with ever-escalating speed, distance, and volume. According to the World Tourism Organization, international tourist arrivals increased from 25·3 million in 1950, to 924 million in 2008; an astounding increase of 36 times. Increased mobility has provided new opportunities for emerging diseases, such as for severe acute respiratory syndrome or chikungunya, particularly in cities, which constitute entry points for most travellers. <ref type="bibr" target="#b139">135</ref>  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Condoms</head><p>Avoidance of use of unsterilised material (eg, for medical and dental procedures, or tattooing) and blood products Review viruses, suggesting unique viral spreading, probably originating from southeast Africa. <ref type="bibr" target="#b140">136</ref> Urban epidemics can reach unprecedented scales and quickly become uncontrollable. The 2009 infl uenza A H1N1 pandemic shows how fast infections can spread worldwide. In African cities, where disease surveillance of human beings and animals is weak, movement is not eff ectively managed, and health-care systems are overtaxed by AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria, the control of infl uenza viruses will be especially problematic. <ref type="bibr" target="#b141">137</ref> The changing epidemiology of diseases in the urban environment, combined with the increased global mobility of travellers and migrants, can also change the practice of physicians. Patients with unfamiliar diseases may consult physicians who are unaware of the existence of some imported diseases. With the arrival of migrants from Latin America, Chagas disease should be recognised and patients coming from endemic areas should be screened. Because cities are becoming major travel destinations, physicians should be informed about ongoing epidemics of yellow fever, the geographical expansion of dengue or chikungunya, and the existence of leishmaniasis or rabies in the cities visited by travellers. Additionally, the risks to visiting friends and relatives might change because of urbanisation, as shown by the reduction in malaria incidence in the UK. <ref type="bibr" target="#b142">138</ref> Prevention measures are summarised in the table. Furthermore, the rapid modernisation and advertising of large cities in emerging economies change how travellers perceive risks. Because most travellers are urban dwellers themselves, they tend to underestimate the risks related to the heterogeneity of cities. Large gatherings like the Olympic Games and the football World Cup now take place in countries such as China, South Africa, or Brazil. There are risks inherent to these events, such as the spread of diseases like measles or infl uenza; additionally, endemic diseases still persist, posing risks to travellers. This risk is particularly so if they combine a visit to rural areas in which conditions are very diff erent from the better standards of the cities where events take place. The epidemiological transition in cities and the changes in the perception of risk by travellers visiting them oblige specialists in travel medicine to adjust their recommendations frequently.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Conclusion: opportunities for action</head><p>Urbanisation increasingly aff ects the epidemiological characteristics of infectious diseases. Depending on the pace, dynamics, and environment, urbanisation can either promote or hinder the spread of pathogens. In most developed cities, better living conditions, improvement of domestic hygiene, and targeted public-health interventions started the decline of infectious illnesses. In parallel, chronic diseases have progressed because of changes in lifestyle, population ageing, and improvement in the diagnostic capacities of health services. Several agglomerations in developing countries seem to be on track for this epidemiological transition. <ref type="bibr" target="#b5">6,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b6">7</ref> However, uncontrolled urban growth has also resulted in large health inequities and in increases in the transmission of infectious diseases. In cities, numerous resources are present, and political power, money, and knowledge are concentrated. Urban centres off er incredible opportunities for disease surveillance, control, and prevention that are absent in rural areas. Well-planned strategies for vector control have enabled cities to eliminate malaria and dengue, and citywide housing and sanitation programmes have shown spectacular eff ects. <ref type="bibr" target="#b127">124,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b143">139,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b144">140</ref> Additionally, higher levels of social cohesion, the presence of community-based organisations that mobilise populations and advocate for resources, and access to media and modern communication allow urban residents to have increased visibility and a stronger political voice than their rural counterparts. <ref type="bibr" target="#b145">141</ref> The improvement of local capacities to identify, control, and prevent communicable diseases that have the potential to spread widely is of international interest. Surveillance is of primary importance, and changes in public health strategies can have substantial consequences. In Singapore, the re-emergence of dengue is partly a result of decreased vector surveillance and a shift towards case detection in the late 1980s. <ref type="bibr" target="#b144">140</ref> Through use of the International Health Regulations, WHO has the mandate to help nations improve their surveillance and response capacities, with a substantial local, national, and international eff ect. Clearly a comprehensive global approach to disease surveillance, control, and prevention is increasingly needed. <ref type="bibr" target="#b139">135</ref> Conventional health strategies should be adapted according to the dynamics of urbanisation and to the distinctive epidemiological pattern of transmittable diseases in cities. Increased public spending on health and provision of technical assistance will certainly not suffi ce to curtail the urban expansion of communicable diseases. Rather, the solution is in sensible planning of the expansion of cities, and depends on policy interventions at the community, municipal, national, and worldwide level. <ref type="bibr" target="#b146">142,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b147">143</ref> Whenever possible, local governments should incorporate health concerns into urban policies, such as economic promotion and community development. The Healthy Cities programme is a trans-sectoral approach that showed excellent results. In Marikina, Philippines, the combination of riverside clean-up campaigns, improvements in waste-management services, health education, and resettlement programmes resulted in a sharp decrease of dengue infections. <ref type="bibr" target="#b145">141</ref> In South Africa, the Cape Town Equity Gauge was established in 2002 in response to health inequities throughout the city. This collaborative initiative involved reallocation of health staff , health-promotion programmes in schools, and a pilot implementation of dry-sanitation toilets in informal settlements. <ref type="bibr" target="#b148">144</ref> Controlled and thoughtful urbanisation can produce substantive economic and health returns, both at the individual city level, and worldwide. <ref type="bibr" target="#b146">142</ref> Benefi ts include increased life expectancy, improved health during Review childhood and during peak earning years, safer travel, preparedness for worldwide outbreaks, and containment of epidemics. Urban health should therefore be viewed as an international and worldwide issue, and appropriate resources should be allocated to reduce inequities.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Contributors</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>EA and</head><p>LG did the reference search. EA wrote the article and chose the pictures.</p><p>LG drew the table. FC, BS, and LL proofread and edited the Review.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Confl icts of interest</head><p>We declare that we have no confl icts of interest.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Search strategy and selection criteria</head><p>We identifi ed references through searches of PubMed between January 1975 and November 2009. We used MeSH terms "Urban Health" or "urbanization" with disease-specifi c terms (ie, "diarrhoea", "intestinal diseases, parasitic", "respiratory tract infections", "trypanosomiasis", "schistosomiasis", "leishmaniasis", "HIV", "sexually transmitted diseases". Additional searches of PubMed and the Cochrane Library were done with the terms "urban", "health", "slums", and "infectious diseases", and references from pertinent reviews and articles were also used. Online searches were restricted to articles in English, French, and Spanish. Duplicates were removed and only studies of tropical countries were selected. Of about 350 relevant papers, about 150 were retained. Articles were selected on the basis of relevance and quality of the methodology. Finally, websites from international organisations and from UN agencies (eg, World Bank, UN-Habitat, WHO) were searched for relevant information and reports addressing issues related to urbanisation were analysed.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Figure 1 :</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Figure 1: Evolution of urban and rural populations between 1950 and 2050 2</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>Figure 2 :</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Figure 2: A slum of Kibera Dwellers of slums live in dire, overcrowded environments, with no access to water or sanitation. In the slum of Kibera, Kenya the number of inhabitants is almost 1 million.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2"><head>Figure 3 :</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Figure 3: Socioeconomic disparities in Paraisopolis, Sãu Paulo The urban environment is characterised by important socioeconomic disparities and geographical heterogeneity. In Paraisopolis, São Paulo, Brazil, high-income housing is just two steps away from the favela shacks.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Since 2000, west Africa has had several urban epidemics: Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, in 2001 and 2008, Dakar and Touba, Senegal, in 2002, and Bobo-Dioulasso, Burkina Faso, in 2004.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Air travel and increased mobility have been central to the large and rapid outbreaks of chikungunya that occurred in cities of the Indian Ocean between 2005 and 2006. These epidemics involved genetically similar Preventive measures for the community Preventive measures for urban travellers Water-borne diseases Bacterial dysentery, hepatitis A, cholera Improvement of water supply, sanitation, and sewage systems Food and water precautions Vaccination (hepatitis A and cholera) Vector-borne diseases Dengue; chikungunya Promotion of actions to remove larval habitats of mosquito vectors Protection against mosquito bites Malaria Elimination of mosquito breeding sites, use of mosquito nets, and indoor residual spraying with insecticides Protection against mosquito bites Prophylactic drug Leishmaniasis According to the species: vector control, ±control of mammalian hosts Protection against sandfl y bites Lymphatic fi lariasis Elimination of mosquito breeding sites Protection against mosquito bites African trypanosomiasis Reduction of the tsetse fl y population Diagnosis and treatment of people who are infected Avoidance of aff ected regions Protection against tsetse fl y bites Chagas disease Vector control (insecticide spraying) and housing improvement Not sleeping in precariousof sewerage systems and waste management Avoidance of direct and indirect contact with animal urine Air-borne diseases Tuberculosis Early diagnosis and treatment of patients who are infectious Reduction of social situations that increase the risk of infection Avoidance of exposure to patients with known tuberculosis in crowded environments Pneumonia Reduction of atmospheric pollution Sexually transmitted diseases HIV Health education in the public and in schools Access to condoms and treatment</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head>Table :</head><label>:</label><figDesc>Examples of preventive measures for diseases that have a modifi ed epidemiology because of urban determinants www.thelancet.com/infection Vol 11 February 2011</figDesc><table></table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">www.thelancet.com/infection Vol 11 February 2011</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Manoocher Deghati (www.irinnews.org)</note>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgments</head><p>We thank Jean-Claude Bolay at Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne for valuable input and Cynthia White for proofreading the paper.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Urbanization prospects: the 2009 revision</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://esa.un.org/unpd/wup/index.htm" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-03" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">World Urbanization prospects: the 2007 revision</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.un.org/esa/population/publications/wup2007/2007WUP_Highlights_web.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">State of the world&apos;s cities 2010/2011: bridging the urban divide</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Un-Habitat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.unhabitat.org/pmss/listItemDetails.aspx?publicationID=2917" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The transition to a predominantly urban world and its underpinnings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Satterthwaite</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.iied.org/pubs/pdfs/10550IIED.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The state of African cities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Un-Habitat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.unhabitat.org/pmss/listItemDetails.aspx?publicationID=2574" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The challenge of slums-global report on human settlements</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Un-Habitat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.unhabitat.org/pmss/listItemDetails.aspx?publicationID=1156" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2003-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Measuring the global burden of disease and epidemiological transitions: 2002-2030</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lopez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mathers</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Global and regional burden of disease and risk factors, 2001: systematic analysis of population health data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Lopez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Mathers</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Ezzati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Jamison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Murray</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">367</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1747" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Features and determinants of urban health status</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Harpham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Tanner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>Harpham T, Tanner M</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<publisher>Earthscan Publications Limited</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="35" to="47" />
			<pubPlace>London</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Urban health in developing countries</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">State of the world&apos;s cities</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Un-Habitat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.unhabitat.org/pmss/listItemDetails.aspx?publicationID=2101" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">From exposure to disease: the role of environmental factors in susceptibility to and development of tuberculosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lienhardt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Epidemiol Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="288" to="301" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hyperendemic pulmonary tuberculosis in peri-urban areas of Karachi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Akhtar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>White</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hasan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">70</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Migrant workers and schistosomiasis in the Gezira</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Bella</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Marshall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Omer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Vaughan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Sudan. Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">74</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="36" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1980" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Transmission of schistosomiasis in an urban population and prevalence of intestinal helminthiasis in Bamako, Mali</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Dabo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Sow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Sangaré</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bull Soc Pathol Exot</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in French</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban transmission of urinary schistosomiasis in Dar es Salaam</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Sarda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Simonsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mahikwano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Trop</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="71" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology of schistosomiasis in Kampala</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kabatereine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Kazibwe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kemijumbi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Uganda. East Afr Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="795" to="800" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Human African trypanosomiasis in an urban area: an emerging problem</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Louis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bilenge</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Simarro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Meso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Lucas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Jannin</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Bull Soc Pathol Exot</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="205" to="213" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in French</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The social and economic context and determinants of Schistosomiasis japonica</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><forename type="middle">X</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Manderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Trop</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="223" to="254" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Guimarães Neto L. Migration and urban schistosomiasis. The case of São Lourenço da Mata, northeast of Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Ximenes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Southgate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Inst Med Trop Sao Paulo</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">42</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="209" to="226" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The prolonged epidemic of anthroponotic cutaneous leishmaniasis in Kabul</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Reyburn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rowland</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mohsen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Khan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Davies</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<pubPlace>Afghanistan</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>bringing down the neighbourhood&apos;</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">97</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="170" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Progress on drinking water and sanitation: special focus on sanitation</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Unicef</forename><surname>Who</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/monitoring/jmp2008.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors contributing to endemic cholera in Douala</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Guévart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Noeske</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Solle</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Essomba</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cameroon. Med Trop (Mars)</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">66</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="283" to="91" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in French</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The burden of diarrhoea, shigellosis, and cholera in North Jakarta, Indonesia: fi ndings from 24 months surveillance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Agtini</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Soeharno</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Lesmana</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">89</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b24">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Intestinal helminthiases among rural and urban schoolchildren in south-western Nigeria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Oninla</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Owa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Onayade</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Taiwo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="705" to="718" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Helminthiasis and hygiene conditions of schools in Ikenne</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Ekpo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Odoemene</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Mafi Ana</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sam-Wobo</forename><surname>So</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Negl Trop Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">146</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sanitary provision and helminthiasis among school children in Benin City</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Wagbatsoma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Aimiuwu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nigeria. Niger Postgrad Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="105" to="116" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence and factors associated with intestinal parasitic infection among children in an urban slum of Karachi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Mehraj</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Hatcher</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Akhtar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Rafi Que</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Beg</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS ONE</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">3680</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b28">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Carriage of Leptospira interrogans among domestic rats from an urban setting highly endemic for leptospirosis in Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>De Faria</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Calderwood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Athanazio</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Trop</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">108</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="5" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">An outbreak of leptospirosis in Mumbai</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>De</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Varaiya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Mathur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Bhat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Karande</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Yeolekar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Indian J Med Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="153" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban epidemic of severe leptospirosis in Brazil. Salvador Leptospirosis Study Group</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Ko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Galvão</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ribeiro</forename><surname>Dourado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Johnson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Riley</surname><genName>Jr</genName></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">354</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="820" to="845" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b31">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Evaluation of the costs and benefi ts of water and sanitation improvements at the global level</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Hutton</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Haller</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/wsh0404.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2004-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b32">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.switchurbanwater.eu/index.php" />
		<title level="m">SWITCH: managing water for the city of the future</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010-10-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b33">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b34">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Household solid waste bagging and collection and their health implications for children living in outlying urban settlements in Salvador, Bahia State, Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Moraes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cad Saude Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">23</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="643" to="692" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl. in Portuguese</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b35">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Rego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Barreto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Santos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>De Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="722" to="751" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Household structure and urban services: neglected targets in the control of visceral leishmaniasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Werneck</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Rodrigues</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Jr</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">99</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="229" to="265" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk factors for infection during a severe dengue outbreak in El Salvador in 2000</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hayes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>García-Rivera</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Flores-Reyna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="629" to="662" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b38">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemic dengue and dengue hemorrhagic fever at the Texas-Mexico border: results of a household-based seroepidemiologic survey</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ramos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Mohammed</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Zielinski-Gutierrez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">78</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="364" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="2005-12" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiologic features of four successive annual outbreaks of bubonic plague in Mahajanga</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Boisier</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Rahalison</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Rasolomaharo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Madagascar. Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="311" to="327" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Periurban Trypanosoma cruzi-infected Triatoma infestans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">Z</forename><surname>Levy</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Bowman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Kawai</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1345" to="52" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chagas disease in an area of recent occupation in Cochabamba</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Albarracin-Veizaga</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>De Carvalho</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Nascimento</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Rodrigues</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Casanova</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Barata</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Saude Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">33</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="230" to="266" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b42">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Housing, health and happiness</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Cattaneo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Galiani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Gertler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Martinez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Titiunik</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www-wds.worldbank.org/external/default/WDSContentServer/IW3P/IB/2007/08/28/000158349_20070828131650/Rendered/PDF/wps421401update1.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-04" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b43">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Social Epidemiology</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Berkman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Kawachi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
			<publisher>Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>New York</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b44">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social determinants of the health of urban populations: methodologic considerations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ompad</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Galea</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Caiaff A Wt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Vlahov</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Urban Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="42" to="53" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b45">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The poverty of cities in developing regions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Brockerhoff</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Brennan</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Popul Dev Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="75" to="114" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b46">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Spatial vulnerability to dengue in a Brazilian urban area during a 7-year surveillance</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>De Mattos Almeida</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Caiaff</forename><surname>Wt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Assuncao</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Proietti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Urban Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="334" to="379" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b47">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Household survey of dengue infection in central Brazil: spatial point pattern analysis and risk factors assessment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Siqueira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Martelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Maciel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="646" to="51" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b48">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Socioeconomic determinants of schistosomiasis in an urban area in the Northeast of Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ximenes</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Southgate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Guimarães</forename><surname>Neto</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Panam Salud Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="409" to="430" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b49">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of environment and social gradient on leptospira infection in urban slums</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Ribeiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Felzemburgh</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS Negl Trop Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">228</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b50">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Slum health: diseases of neglected populations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Riley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Ko</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Unger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Int Health Hum Rights</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b51">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">AIDS epidemic update</title>
		<ptr target="http://data.unaids.org/pub/EpiReport/2006/2006_EpiUpdate_en.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-12" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>UNAIDS</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b52">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Socio-economic factors explain diff erences in public health-related variables among women in Bangladesh: a cross-sectional study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Khan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Kraemer</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">254</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b53">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Knowledge, attitudes and practices of women towards antenatal care: rural-urban comparison</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kishk</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Egypt Public Health Assoc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="479" to="98" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b54">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reproductive and child health inequities in Chandigarh Union Territory of India</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Gupta</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Thakur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Kumar</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Urban Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="291" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b55">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Provision and use of maternal health services among urban poor women in Kenya: what do we know and what can we do?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Fotso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ezeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Oronje</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Urban Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="428" to="470" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b56">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Progress towards the child mortality millennium development goal in urban sub-Saharan Africa: the dynamics of population growth, immunization, and access to clean water</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Fotso</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Ezeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Madise</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ciera</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">BMC Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">218</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b57">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Marked diff erences in the prevalence of chloroquine resistance between urban and rural communities in Burkina Faso</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Meissner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Mandi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Mockenhaupt</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Acta Trop</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">105</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b58">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.who.int/tb/publications/2008/drs_report4_26feb08.pdf" />
		<title level="m">WHO. Anti-tuberculosis drug resistance in the world: fourth global report</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2008-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b59">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Incidence of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in urban and rural India and implications for prevention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Almeida</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rodrigues</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Udwadia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="152" to="54" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b60">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Drug resistance of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in selected urban and rural areas in Bangladesh</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Zaman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Rahim</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Yunus</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Scand J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">37</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="21" to="26" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b61">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Socioeconomic status and health. The challenge of the gradient</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Adler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Boyce</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Chesney</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am Psychol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b62">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why do poor people behave poorly? Variation in adult health behaviours and psychosocial characteristics by stages of the socioeconomic lifecourse</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Lynch</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Kaplan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Salonen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Soc Sci Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="809" to="828" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b63">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Prevalence of sexually transmitted infections among adolescents in Kampala, Uganda, and theoretical models for improving syndromic management</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Råssjö</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Kambugu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Tumwesigye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Tenywa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Darj</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Adolesc Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="234" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b64">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">China&apos;s fl oating population and the potential for HIV transmission: a social-behavioural perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Anderson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Qingsi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Hua</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Jianfeng</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="177" to="85" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b65">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sexual behavior among employed male rural migrants in</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>He</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Detels</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Chen</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS Educ Prev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="176" to="86" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b66">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Vulnerable but feeling safe: HIV risk among male rural-to-urban migrant workers in Chengdu</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Morrow</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kermode</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">China. AIDS Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1288" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b67">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk factors for sexually transmitted disease among rural-to-urban migrants in China: implications for HIV/sexually transmitted disease prevention</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Liu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Li</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Stanton</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS Patient Care STDS</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="49" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b68">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Migration, behaviour change and HIV/STD risks in China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>Yang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Derlega</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Luo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS Care</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="282" to="88" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b69">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Ecological and individual level analysis of risk factors for HIV infection in four urban populations in sub-Saharan Africa with diff erent levels of HIV infection</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Auvert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Buvé</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Ferry</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">AIDS</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">15</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15" to="30" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b70">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Men&apos;s sexual behaviour in urban and rural southwest Nigeria: its cultural, social and attitudinal context</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Orubuloye</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Caldwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Caldwell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Health Transit Rev</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="315" to="343" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b71">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Sexual behavior is more risky in rural than in urban areas among young women in Nyanza province</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Voeten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Egesah</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Habbema</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Kenya. Sex Transm Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="481" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b72">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Social and environmental risk factors in the emergence of infectious diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Weiss</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mcmichael</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="70" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b73">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The association between environmental factors and tuberculosis infection among household contacts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Tornee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Kaewkungwal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Fungladda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">U</forename><surname>Silachamroon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Akarasewi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Sunakorn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Southeast Asian J Trop Med Public Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">36</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="221" to="245" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b74">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tuberculosis in the urban poor settlements in the Philippines</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Tupasi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Radhakrishna</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Quelapio</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Tuberc Lung Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="4" to="11" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b75">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The burden of disease profi le of residents of Nairobi&apos;s slums: results from a demographic surveillance system</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Kyobutungi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Ziraba</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Ezeh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Yé</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Popul Health Metr</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b76">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Beyond sex and medicines: why getting the basics right is part of the response! HIV, Aids and urban development issues in sub-Saharan Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Ambert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Jassey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Thomas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>F895-44C3-9CDA- 7BC981098936/0/B68.pdf (accessed Nov 18</idno>
		<ptr target="http://web.wits.ac.za/NR/rdonlyres/EAF81477" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b77">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The increase in risk factors for leishmaniasis worldwide</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Desjeux</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="239" to="282" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b78">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leishmaniasis: current situation and new perspectives</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Desjeux</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Comp Immunol Microbiol Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">27</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="323" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b79">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Visceral leishmaniasis epidemic in the State of Piauí, Brazil, 1980-1986</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Pereira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Araújo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Saude Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="361" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>in Portuguese</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b80">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review</title>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b81">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Spatial distribution of human and canine visceral leishmaniasis in Belo Horizonte</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Assunção</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Reis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Proietti</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cad Saude Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1231" to="1270" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b82">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Programme de lutte contre les leishmanioses</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Action Préfectoral</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
<note type="report_type">Préfecture de Marrakech. 2004. Plan d</note>
	<note>Moroccan Ministry of Health</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b83">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Leishmaniasis in Manaus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Barrett</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Senra</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Brazil. Parasitol Today</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="255" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b84">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Studies on the leishmaniases in the Sudan. 1. Epidemic of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Khartoum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>El-Safi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Peters</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">85</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="44" to="47" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b85">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tegumentary leishmaniasis outbreak in Bella Vista City</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Salomón</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sosa-Estani</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Ramos</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="767" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b86">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A killing disease epidemic among displaced Sudanese population identifi ed as visceral leishmaniasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>De Beer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>El Harith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Deng</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Semiao-Santos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chantal</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Van Grootheest</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="283" to="89" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b87">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Characterization and speculations on the urbanization of visceral leishmaniasis in Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Cad Saude Publica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2959" to="63" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b88">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Importance of Lutzomyia longipalpis in the dynamics of transmission of canine visceral leishmaniasis in the endemic area of Porteirinha Municipality</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>França-Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Barata</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Costa</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vet Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">131</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="213" to="233" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b89">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Abundance of Lutzomyia longipalpis (Diptera: Psychodidae: Phlebotominae) and urban transmission of visceral leishmaniasis in Campo Grande, state of Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Galati</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>De Oliveira</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="869" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b90">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Diversity and species composition of sand fl ies (Diptera: Psychodidae) in a Venezuelan urban focus of cutaneous leishmaniasis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Rojas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">V</forename><surname>Scorza</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Morales</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Morales</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Barazarte</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Torres</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Mosq Control Assoc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="189" to="94" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b91">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Lutzomyia longipalpis in Clorinda, Formosa province, an area of potential visceral leishmaniasis transmission in Argentina</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Salomón</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Orellano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="475" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b92">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of Leishmania DNA in phlebotomines captured in Campo Grande</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Silva</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Andreotti</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Dias</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Barros</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">C</forename><surname>Brazuna</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Exp Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">119</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="343" to="391" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b93">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Tropical diseases targeted for elimination: Chagas disease, lymphatic fi lariasis, onchocerciasis, and leprosy</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jhf</forename><surname>Remme</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Feenstra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Lever</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/management/referralhospitals.pdf(accessedNov18" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Disease control priorities in developing countries</title>
		<editor>Jamison DT, Breman JG, Measham AR, et al</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>The World Bank and Oxford University Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="433" to="482" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b94">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban transmission of Chagas disease in Cochabamba</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Medrano-Mercado</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ugarte-Fernandez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Butrón</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">103</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="423" to="453" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b95">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Trypanosoma cruzi, the etiologic agent of Chagas&apos; disease: status in the blood supply in endemic and nonendemic countries</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Schmuñis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Transfusion</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">31</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="547" to="57" />
			<date type="published" when="1991" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b96">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Gajate</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Pietrokovsky</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Abramo</forename><surname>Orrego</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Triatoma infestans in Greater</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">96</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="473" to="77" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b97">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban ecology of Triatoma infestans in</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Vallvé</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Rojo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Wisnivesky-Colli</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="405" to="413" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b98">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">A survey on Triatoma dimidiata in an urban area of the province of</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Zeledon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><surname>Calvo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Montenegro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Lorosa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Arevalo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="507" to="519" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b99">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Risk factors associated with house infestation by the Chagas disease vector Triatoma pallidipennis in Cuernavaca metropolitan area</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Ramsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Alvear</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Ordoñez</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mexico. Med Vet Entomol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">19</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="219" to="247" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b100">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Eff ect of water resource development and management on lymphatic fi lariasis, and estimates of populations at risk</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Erlanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Keiser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Caldas</forename><surname>De Castro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">73</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="523" to="556" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b101">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiological study of bancroftian fi lariasis in Recife, northeastern Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Maciel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Rocha</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Marzochi</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Mem Inst Oswaldo Cruz</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">91</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="449" to="55" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b102">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The present situation regarding lymphatic fi lariasis in Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Pernambuco, Northeast Brazil</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Z</forename><surname>Medeiros</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Alves</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Brito</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Rev Inst Med Trop Sao Paulo</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">48</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="263" to="67" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b103">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bancroftian fi lariasis in the Varanasi region of north India: an epidemiological study</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Rathaur</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint/>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b104">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">93</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="379" to="87" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b105">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban lymphatic fi lariasis in central Nigeria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Terranella</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Eigiege</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><surname>Gontor</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">100</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="163" to="72" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b106">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chikungunya, an epidemic arbovirosis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Pialoux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Gaüzère</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jauréguiberry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Strobel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="319" to="346" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b107">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Yellow fever: a decade of reemergence</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Robertson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Hull</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Tomori</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><surname>Bele</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Leduc</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Esteves</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">JAMA</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">276</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1157" to="62" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b108">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<editor>Africa and South America</editor>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="60" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b109">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection and management of the yellow fever epidemic in the Ivory Coast</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Akoua-Koffi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Ekra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Kone</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Med Trop (Mars)</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="305" to="314" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b110">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Senegal (update)</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">77</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="373" to="74" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>WHO. Yellow fever</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b111">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The yellow fever situation in Africa and South America in 2004</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">80</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="250" to="56" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b112">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Facing up to re-emergence of urban yellow fever</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Monath</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">353</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">1541</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b113">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">/dengue haemorrhagic fever</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Who</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Dengue</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Wkly Epidemiol Rec</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="193" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b114">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Situation update of dengue in the South East Asia Region</title>
		<ptr target="http://www.searo.who.int/LinkFiles/Dengue_Dengue_update_SEA_2010.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-11-18" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b115">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Travelling waves in the occurrence of dengue haemorrhagic fever in Thailand</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Cummings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Irizarry</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">427</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="344" to="391" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b116">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Global situation of dengue and dengue haemorrhagic fever, and its emergence in the Americas</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Pinheiro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Corber</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">World Health Stat Q</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="161" to="69" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b117">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Phlebotomine sandfl ies (Diptera: Psychodidae) of Marrakech city</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Boussaa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Pesson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Boumezzough</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann Trop Med Parasitol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="715" to="739" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b118">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Malaria and urbanization in central Africa: the example of Brazzaville. Part II: results of entomological surveys and epidemiological analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Trape</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Zoulani</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">81</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="10" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b119">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of treatments with Bacillus sphaericus on Anopheles populations and the transmission of malaria in Maroua, a large city in a savannah region of Cameroon</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Barbazan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Baldet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Darriet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">H</forename><surname>Escaff Re</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Djoda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hougard</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Am Mosq Control Assoc</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="33" to="39" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b120">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Anopheles gambiae s.s. breeding in polluted water bodies in urban Lagos, southwestern Nigeria</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Awolola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Oduola</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">B</forename><surname>Obansa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">N</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Chukwurar</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Unyimadu</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Vector Borne Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">44</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="241" to="285" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b121">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Impact of urbanization on bionomics of An. culicifacies and An. stephensi in Delhi</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Batra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Adak</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Sharma</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Mittal</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Indian J Malariol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="75" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b122">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Habitat characterization and spatial distribution of Anopheles sp. mosquito larvae in Dar es Salaam (Tanzania) during an extended dry period</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Sattler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Mtasiwa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Kiama</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Malar J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">4</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b123">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Malaria transmission in urban sub-Saharan Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Robert</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Macintyre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Keating</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">68</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="169" to="76" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b124">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urbanization, malaria transmission and disease burden in Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">I</forename><surname>Hay</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Guerra</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Tatem</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Atkinson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Snow</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Nat Rev Microbiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="81" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b125">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urbanization in sub-saharan Africa and implication for malaria control</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Keiser</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Utzinger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Caldas</forename><surname>De Castro</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Tanner</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Singer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">71</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="118" to="145" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b126">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Factors determining the heterogeneity of malaria incidence in children in Kampala, Uganda</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Clark</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Greenhouse</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Njama-Meya</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">198</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="393" to="400" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b127">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Rapid urban malaria appraisal (RUMA) I: epidemiology of urban malaria in Ouagadougou</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Wang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Lengeler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Malar J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">43</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b128">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011-02" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b129">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Short report: proximity to mosquito breeding sites as a risk factor for clinical malaria episodes in an urban cohort of Ugandan children</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Staedke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Nottingham</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Cox</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Kamya</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Rosenthal</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Dorsey</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="244" to="290" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b130">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Urban farming and malaria risk factors in a medium-sized town in Cote d&apos;Ivoire</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Matthys</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Vounatsou</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Raso</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">75</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1223" to="1254" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b131">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Malaria and irrigated crops</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><surname>Klinkenberg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Mccall</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Hastings</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Wilson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Amerasinghe</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Donnelly</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">11</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1290" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b132">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The prevalence of hepatitis A, B and C infection among diff erent ethnic groups in Belize</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Craig</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bryan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Miller</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Am J Trop Med Hyg</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="430" to="464" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b133">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Epidemiology and prophylaxis of viral hepatitis: a global perspective</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Poovorawan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chatchatee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Chongsrisawat</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Gastroenterol Hepatol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">17</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="155" to="66" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b134">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Seroepidemiologic investigations of human hepatitis caused by A, B, and a possible third virus</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Villarejos</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Provost</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">O</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Ittensohn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Mclean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Hilleman</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Soc Exp Biol Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">152</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="524" to="552" />
			<date type="published" when="1976" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b135">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hepatitis A shifting epidemiology in South-East Asia and China</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Barzaga</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="61" to="64" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b136">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Hepatitis A shifting epidemiology in Latin America</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><surname>Tanaka</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Vaccine</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">18</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="57" to="60" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b137">
	<analytic>
		<title/>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">Y</forename><surname>Lai</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hong</forename><surname>Hepatitis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Kong</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Hong Kong Med J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="79" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1997" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b138">
	<monogr>
				<ptr target="http://www.dh.gov.hk/english/pub_rec/pub_rec_ar/pub_rec_arpis_0506_html_ar.html" />
		<title level="m">report 1005</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2006-11-18" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Department of Health. Department of Health annual</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b139">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Forecast and control of epidemics in a globalized world</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Hufnagel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Brockmann</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">T</forename><surname>Geisel</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Proc Natl Acad Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="15124" to="15153" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b140">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Chikungunya outbreaksthe globalization of vectorborne diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Charrel</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">X</forename><surname>De Lamballerie</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Raoult</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">356</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="769" to="71" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b141">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Avian infl uenza H5N1 in Africa: an epidemiological twist</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Fasina</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">P</forename><surname>Bisschop</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">G</forename><surname>Webster</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Lancet Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="696" to="97" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b142">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Declining incidence of malaria imported into the UK from West Africa</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">H</forename><surname>Behrens</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Carroll</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Smith</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexander</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Malar J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">235</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b143">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Malaria control in an urban area: a success story from Khartoum</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Elkhalifa</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">I</forename><forename type="middle">O</forename><surname>Mustafan</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><surname>Wais</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Malik</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">East Mediterr Health J</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="206" to="221" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b144">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Dengue prevention and 35 years of vector control in Singapore</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">E</forename><forename type="middle">E</forename><surname>Ooi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Goh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">K</forename><surname>Gubler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Emerg Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">12</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="887" to="93" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b145">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Our cities, our health, our future: acting on social determinants for health equity in urban settings</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Who Kobe Centre</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.who.int/social_determinants/resources/knus_report_16jul07.pdf" />
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b146">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Income and health in cities: the messages from stylized facts</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Yusuf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">K</forename><surname>Nabeshima</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">W</forename><surname>Ha</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">J Urban Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b147">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The importance of social intervention in Britain&apos;s mortality decline c1850-1914; a re-interpretation of the role of public health</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Szreter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Soc Hist Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="37" />
			<date type="published" when="1988" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b148">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Research to action to address inequities: the experience of the Cape Town Equity Gauge</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Scott</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Stern</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Sanders</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Reagon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">V</forename><surname>Mathews</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Equity Health</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">7</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">6</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
