<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 C:\PWang\Datasets\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-0.5.5\grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.5.5" ident="GROBID" when="2020-06-22T14:06+0000">
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid">GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</ref>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Early estimates of 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus activity in general practice in France: incidence of influenza-like illness and age distribution of reported cases</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clément</forename><surname>Turbelin</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Camille</forename><surname>Pelat</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierre-Yves</forename><surname>Boëlle</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Lévy-Bruhl</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fabrice</forename><surname>Carrat</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thierry</forename><surname>Blanchon</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Thomas</forename><surname>Hanslik</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Clément</forename><surname>Turbelin</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Camille</forename><surname>Pelat</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pierre-Yves</forename><surname>Boëlle</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Daniel</forename><surname>Lévy-Bruhl</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Fabrice</forename><surname>Carrat</surname></persName>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="institution">Institut national de la santé et de la recherche médicale (INSERM)</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>UMR S 707</addrLine>
									<postCode>F-75012</postCode>
									<settlement>Paris</settlement>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="institution">Université Pierre et Marie Curie -Paris 6 (UPMC)</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Paris</settlement>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff2">
								<orgName type="laboratory">Institut de Veille Sanitaire (InVS)</orgName>
								<address>
									<addrLine>Saint-Maurice</addrLine>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff3">
								<orgName type="institution">Université Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Versailles</settlement>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<affiliation key="aff4">
								<orgName type="department">Service de Médecine Interne</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit1">Assistance Publique Hôpitaux de Paris</orgName>
								<orgName type="institution" key="instit2">Hôpital Ambroise Paré</orgName>
								<address>
									<settlement>Boulogne Billancourt</settlement>
									<country key="FR">France</country>
								</address>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Early estimates of 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus activity in general practice in France: incidence of influenza-like illness and age distribution of reported cases</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
					<note type="submission">Submitted on 28 Jun 2012</note>
					<note>HAL Id: inserm-00712983 https://www.hal.inserm.fr/inserm-00712983 HAL is a multi-disciplinary open access archive for the deposit and dissemination of sci-entific research documents, whether they are pub-lished or not. The documents may come from teaching and research institutions in France or abroad, or from public or private research centers. L&apos;archive ouverte pluridisciplinaire HAL, est destinée au dépôt et à la diffusion de documents scientifiques de niveau recherche, publiés ou non, émanant des établissements d&apos;enseignement et de recherche français ou étrangers, des laboratoires publics ou privés. To cite this version:</note>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract/>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Early estimates of 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus activity in general practice in</head><p>France: incidence of influenza-like illness and age distribution of reported cases C Turbelin (turbelin@u707.jussieu.fr) <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">1,</ref><ref type="bibr" target="#b1">2</ref>  The objective of the present study was to quantify the excess in ILI cases in France during the 2009 summer and to examine age patterns in the reported cases using, for comparison, data reported to a long-running routine surveillance system.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Method</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Sentinel network and estimation of ILI incidence</head><p>Sentinel GPs report ILI cases to the FSN in real time. The ILI case definition is sudden onset of fever (39°C or above) with myalgia and respiratory signs <ref type="bibr" target="#b0">[1]</ref>. Weekly ILI incidence is estimated using the average number of ILI cases reported by GPs, and then extrapolated to national ILI incidence using the ratio of all French GPs to participating sentinel GPs <ref type="bibr" target="#b1">[2]</ref>.</p><p>Characteristics of the GPs in the Sentinel Network are similar to those of all French GPs as regards the regional distribution, the proportion of GPs in rural practice and the type of practice <ref type="bibr" target="#b2">[3]</ref>. For a given week, an excess in ILI incidence was defined when the observed incidence was above Q 95 . The number of excess cases was calculated as the difference between the observed and expected incidences. The inferior bound (respectively superior bound) of this excess was calculated as the difference between the observed incidence and Q 95 (respectively Q 5 ) .</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Expected and excess ILI cases</head></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Relative cumulated incidence according to age</head><p>Incidence according to age was determined by apportioning extrapolated cases according to the age distribution in reported cases, using the following age groups: &lt;5 years, 5-17, 18-49, 50-64 and 65 years. However, it is difficult to compare directly these incidences with past epidemics as the A(H1N1) pandemic is still in its early phase. Therefore, we extracted the age pattern of reported cases by computing relative incidence rates as the ratio of incidence in an age group to incidence in the whole population. Relative incidences larger than 1 indicate that the corresponding age class experienced larger incidence than the population as a whole.</p><p>The relative cumulated incidence rates according to age of ILI cases were calculated for: a) the current period, b) the same weeks in the past years and c) the past seasonal epidemic periods, as determined by the FSN and d) the 1986-7 and 1988-9 seasonal epidemics during which influenza A(H1N1) virus was the predominant circulating influenza virus (5).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Results</head><p>As shown in <ref type="figure" target="#fig_0">Figure 1</ref>, the current estimated ILI incidence has been in excess of reported ILI cases minus the expected 53,485 over the period).</p><p>The median age of ILI reported cases was 26 years (range: 1-103 years), and 48%</p><p>were male. Compared to weeks 28 to 37 of past years since 1985, age group-relative incidence rates of ILI between weeks 28 and 37 of 2009 were greater among subjects less than 18 years old and smaller in those older than 65 years ( <ref type="figure">Figure 2A</ref>).</p><p>Compared to past epidemic periods and A(H1N1) epidemics, age group-relative incidence rates of ILI between weeks 28 and 37 of 2009 was higher among subjects less than 5 years of age and lower among subjects aged 5 to 17 years ( <ref type="figure">Figure 2B</ref>).</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Discussion</head><p>An excess of 270,000 ILI cases has been reported to the French Sentinel Network As reported in other countries, a relatively higher incidence of 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus infection is observed in the young. In most reports, the increased incidence among young subjects could be ascribed to case finding and ascertainment, with more young people being tested, for example as part of outbreaks of influenza in schools (7-9). Cases seen by the sentinel network GPs may provide a better picture of what is happening in the population at large. Using the same definition as before makes it possible to compare the current situation with the past.</p><p>The data confirmed and quantified an epidemic of ILI that started during the recent summer months in France, and had never been observed in the previous 25 years, with an agespecific incidence different from previous epidemic periods. These preliminary data highlight the heavy burden of this ILI epidemic on small children, relatively to older persons. (10).</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0"><head>Starting on 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>June 2009, the expected ILI incidence was calculated for each week as the average of weekly ILI incidences reported in the preceding, current and following weeks in the period 1985 to 2008 (4). A 90% confidence interval was derived from the 5 th and 95 th percentiles of these values (Q 5 and Q 95 , respectively) for each week.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1"><head>since 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>July 2009, with a specific age pattern, compared to cases usually reported at this time of year. Compared to the past seasonal epidemics, (including those with predominant A(H1N1) circulating), the excess in ILI cases was largest among children less than 5 years old. In the past 24 years of surveillance, upper respiratory tract infections have been uncommon in summer, making the last weeks exceptional. Besides the pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus, no unusual circulation of an infectious agent, nor seasonal influenza viruses have been reported in France since 1 June 2009 (6). The recent excess of ILI cases must therefore reflect the developing pandemic in France. Some pitfalls arise in the interpretation of this increasing incidence. First, cases reported by GPs are based on a clinical definition without virological confirmation. This case definition had positive predictive value for approximately 40% influenza virus infections in the past seasonal epidemics (1). It has been in use for 25 years in the FSN, making it likely that it is currently well applied by GPs. To further improve specificity, we retained only cases in excess of the expected incidence at this time of year in the calculations. Second, the heavy media coverage of the pandemic may have increased the propensity to visit a GP in case of symptoms, leading to an upward bias in the number of excess ILI cases. The change in age pattern of patients consulting their GPs argues against a mere change in consultation frequency; however an age-specific change in propensity to consult may also lead to this change. Last, cases of 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus infection with mild disease and/or not seeking care are not taken into account in the estimates. We did not change the case definition to include milder cases so that direct comparison with the past years was possible.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" validated="false"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>Abstract In the end of August 2009, an unusually elevated level of influenza-like illness (ILI) activity was reported to the French Sentinel Network. We quantified the observed excess in ILI cases in France during summer 2009 and characterised age patterns in reported cases.5% French population over the period. Compared to the same period in the past years, relative cumulated incidence was greater among young subjects and lower among subjects over 65 years old. Compared to past epidemics, the relative cumulated incidence was greater in children less than 5 years old.</figDesc><table>, C Pelat 
1,2 , PY Boëlle 
1,2 , D Levy Bruhl 
3 , F Carrat 
1,2 , 

T Blanchon 
1,2 , T Hanslik 

1,4,5 

1. Institut national de la santé et de la recherche médicale (INSERM), UMR S 707, F-75012, 

Paris, France 

2. Université Pierre et Marie Curie -Paris 6 (UPMC), Paris, France 

3. Institut de Veille Sanitaire (InVS), Saint-Maurice, France 

4. Université Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, Versailles, France 

5. Assistance Publique Hôpitaux de Paris, Service de Médecine Interne, Hôpital Ambroise 

Paré, Boulogne Billancourt, France; 

An excess of cases has been observed since 5 July, with a time increasing trend. The 

cumulated estimated excess number of ILI cases was 269,935 [179,585; 316,512], 

corresponding to 0.This excess of cases may reflect the current spread of the A(H1N1) virus in France, subject to 

the following limitations: estimates were based on clinical cases consulting a GP; large media 

coverage may have led to a non specific increase in consultation rates. 

Background 

Cases of infection with the 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) virus have been 

reported in France since May 2009, with first evidence of local secondary transmission in July 

2009. By the end of August, an unusually elevated level of influenza-like illness (ILI) had 

been reported to the French Sentinel Network (FSN), an epidemiological surveillance system 

based on general practitioners (GPs) and operating since 1984 in France. 

</table></figure>
		</body>
		<back>

			<div type="acknowledgement">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>Acknowledgement</head><p>We want to thank all general practitioners of the French Sentinel Network.</p></div>
			</div>

			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct xml:id="b0">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Evaluation of clinical case definitions of influenza: detailed investigation of patients during the 1995-1996 epidemic in France</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Carrat</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Tachet</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Rouzioux</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">B</forename><surname>Housset</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valleron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Clin Infect Dis</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="283" to="90" />
			<date type="published" when="1999" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The French Communicable Diseases Computer Network. A seven-year experiment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Garnerin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Y</forename><surname>Saidi</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valleron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Ann N Y Acad Sci</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">670</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="29" to="42" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Attitude of French general practitioners to the public health surveillance of communicable diseases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">P</forename><surname>Chauvin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valleron</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Int J Epidemiol</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">24</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="435" to="475" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Detection of aberrations in the occurrence of notifiable diseases surveillance data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><forename type="middle">F</forename><surname>Stroup</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><forename type="middle">D</forename><surname>Williamson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Herndon</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">J</forename><forename type="middle">M</forename><surname>Karon</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Stat Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="31" to="33" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Predicting pneumonia and influenza mortality from morbidity data</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Denoeud</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>Turbelin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Ansart</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Valleron</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Flahault</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><surname>Carrat</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">PLoS One</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">464</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b5">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Bulletin grippe A (H1N1) 2009, situation au 21 juillet</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-07" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Institut de veille sanitaire. InVS. influenza A(H1N1) 2009 epidemiological report</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Pandemic influenza A(H1N1)v in New Zealand: the experience from</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Wilson</forename><forename type="middle">N</forename><surname>Mg</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Q</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Huang</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Paine</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Lopez</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">D</forename><surname>Bandaranayake</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<ptr target="http://www.eurosurveillance.org/ViewArticle.aspx?ArticleId=19319" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Euro Surveill</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">34</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page">19319</biblScope>
			<date type="published" when="2009-08" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Bulletin grippe A (H1N1) 2009 [serial on the Internet</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Emergence of a novel swine-origin influenza A (H1N1) virus in humans</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">F</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Dawood</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Jain</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">L</forename><surname>Finelli</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">M</forename><forename type="middle">W</forename><surname>Shaw</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">S</forename><surname>Lindstrom</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Garten</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">N Engl J Med</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">360</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">25</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="2605" to="2620" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">on behalf of the working group pandemic influenza A(H1N1)v. Influenza A(H1N1)v in Germany: the first 10,000 cases</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">A</forename><surname>Gilsdorf</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">G</forename><surname>Poggensee</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>pii=19318. Available</idno>
		<ptr target="http://www.eurosurveillance.org/ViewArticle.aspx?ArticleId=1931810" />
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009-08" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">14</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="941" to="948" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Euro Surveill.</note>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
