<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xml:space="preserve" xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" 
xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0 /home/jwu/github/grobid/grobid-home/schemas/xsd/Grobid.xsd"
 xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
	<teiHeader xml:lang="en">
		<fileDesc>
			<titleStmt>
				<title level="a" type="main">Reallocation in the Great Recession: Cleansing or Not? Cheryl Grim, US Census Bureau</title>
			</titleStmt>
			<publicationStmt>
				<publisher/>
				<availability status="unknown"><licence/></availability>
			</publicationStmt>
			<sourceDesc>
				<biblStruct>
					<analytic>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lucia</forename><surname>Foster</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff0">
								<orgName type="department">US Census Bureau</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<author>
							<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
							<affiliation key="aff1">
								<orgName type="department">University of Maryland and National Bureau of Economic Research</orgName>
							</affiliation>
						</author>
						<title level="a" type="main">Reallocation in the Great Recession: Cleansing or Not? Cheryl Grim, US Census Bureau</title>
					</analytic>
					<monogr>
						<imprint>
							<date/>
						</imprint>
					</monogr>
				</biblStruct>
			</sourceDesc>
		</fileDesc>

		<encodingDesc>
			<appInfo>
				<application version="0.6.0-SNAPSHOT" ident="GROBID-SDO" when="2019-12-20T14:59+0000">
					<desc>GROBID - A machine learning software for extracting information from scholarly documents</desc>
					<ref target="https://github.com/kermitt2/grobid-sdo"/>
				</application>
			</appInfo>
		</encodingDesc>
		<profileDesc>
			<abstract>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>The high pace of reallocation across producers is pervasive in the US economy. Evidence shows that this high pace of reallocation is closely linked to productivity. While these patterns hold on average, the extent to which the reallocation dynamics in recessions are "cleansing" is an open question. We find that downturns prior to the Great Recession are periods of accelerated reallocation even more productivity enhancing than reallocation in normal times. In the Great Recession, we find that the intensity of reallocation fell rather than rose and that the reallocation that did occur was less productivity enhancing than in prior recessions. . 4  Foster, Haltiwanger, and Krizan ð2001Þ find that the 1977-82 and 1982-87 periods were times of especially intense productivity-enhancing reallocation. Davis, Haltiwanger, and Schuh ð1996Þ highlight the increased intensity of reallocation S294</p><p>Foster et al.</p><p>Haltiwanger <ref type="formula" coords="3,117.75,69.55,21.96,9.99">ð1990</ref> , 1992, 1999Þ  show that job reallocation activity increased during recessions in the manufacturing sector from the late 1940s through the 1990s. 5 Extending the analysis to the entire private sector, Davis, Faberman, and Haltiwanger ð2006, 2012Þ find that these patterns for manufacturing also hold for the entire private sector for the recessions in the 1990s and 2000s prior to the Great Recession. The empirical finding that job destruction is more cyclical than job creation is directly related to the cleansing hypothesis, as shown in a series of models developed in the early 1990s. In these models, the marginal cost of creating jobs is lower in recessions, so while creation falls in recessions, it falls less than the rise in destruction. Possible reasons for this include that the opportunity cost of time is low in recessions ðDavis and Haltiwanger 1990Þ, the sunk cost of job creation is increasing in the level of aggregate activity ðCaballero and Hammour 1994Þ, or the search and matching framework is such that the marginal cost of creating a job is lower in recessions because it is easier for firms to fill jobs in slack labor markets ðMortensen and Pissarides 1994Þ. In all of these models, reallocation is productivity enhancing. These models provide rationales for why the intensity of reallocation may increase in recessions.</p><p>Caballero and Hammour ð1996Þ highlight distortions, such as hold up problems and bargaining problems, which may have an impact on incentives for job creation and job destruction over the cycle. In particular, they note that if the marginal cost of creating jobs is lower in recessions, then the social planner would have job destruction rise first, followed quickly by an increase in job creation in recessions. They emphasize that recessions with a rise in job destruction, a decline in job creation, and only a very slow recovery in job creation are a sign of inefficiency.</p><p>Beyond the distortions emphasized by Caballero and Hammour ð1996Þ, numerous mechanisms can yield "sullying" or "scarring" effects of recessions. Barlevy ð2003Þ develops a model building on the credit market imperfections of Bernanke and Gertler ð1989Þ. In his model, recessions are cleansing in the absence of financial constraints, but the cleansing effect can 5 Blanchard and Diamond ð1990Þ, Davis and Haltiwanger ð1990, 1999Þ, and Caballero and Hammour ð2005Þ use vector autoregression analysis to conduct a more nuanced and sophisticated analysis of the behavior of job reallocation over the cycle. As they emphasize, exploring the cumulative impulse response functions of job creation, destruction, and-in turn-reallocation in response to an econometric specification that explicitly identifies the aggregate shocks provides a more comprehensive analysis than simple descriptive statistics of the cyclical patterns of job creation, destruction, and reallocation. Given that we do not conduct such analysis here, our characterization of the cyclical dynamics of creation and destruction here should be viewed as suggestive.</p><p>during the 1982-83 recession. Recent research by Collard-Wexler and De Loecker ð2013Þ shows that this type of reallocation was responsible for much of the productivity growth in the US steel industry over the past several decades. Reallocation in the Great Recession: Cleansing or Not? S295 S296 Foster et al. S298 Foster et al. S300 Foster et al. S310 Foster et al. S314 Foster et al. S322 Foster et al. S326 Foster et al. S328 Foster et al.</p></div>
			</abstract>
		</profileDesc>
	</teiHeader>
	<text xml:lang="en">
		<body>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>I. Introduction</head><p>The Great Recession was unusually severe and persistent relative to post-WWII recessions; we explore whether its impact on productivityenhancing reallocation was also unusual. A pervasive feature of the US Any opinions and conclusions expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of the US Census Bureau. All results have been reviewed to ensure that no confidential information is disclosed. Haltiwanger thanks the Kauffman Foundation for support. We thank Robert Kulick for his superb research assistance. We thank David Card, Erik Hurst, Ron Jarmin, Alex Mas, Javier Miranda, and participants at the COMP _ NET conference in Dublin and the NBER Conference on "The Labor Market in the Aftermath of the Great economy is a high pace of output and input reallocation across producers. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,369.24,69.00,3.00,5.45">1</ref> The annual average job creation rate for the US private sector over the past 30 years is close to 18%, while the analogous job destruction rate is 16%. Evidence shows that this high pace of reallocation is closely linked to productivity dynamics: resources are shifted away from low-productivity producers toward high-productivity producers. An open question is whether recessions have a "cleansing" impact by accelerating this productivityenhancing reallocation. Theory suggests that the nature and extent of productivity-enhancing reallocation could be fundamentally altered by the nature of the downturn. Using micro-level data, we examine how the pattern of reallocation differed in the Great Recession in terms of both intensity and the extent to which it was productivity enhancing.</p><p>Whether recessions are a period of productive winnowing or of counterproductive destruction has been the subject of a long ongoing debate. Economists trace the genesis of the debate back to Schumpeter's ð1939, 1942Þ discussion of creative destruction. The cleansing hypothesis is that a recession is a time of accelerated productivity-enhancing reallocation because it is a relatively low-cost time for reallocation. 2 Alternative hypotheses highlight the potential distortions to reallocation dynamics in recessions. Such distortions could arise from many factors. For example, if credit markets are distorted in a recession, reallocation may be driven more by credit constraints and less by market fundamentals such as productivity, demand, and costs. The close connection between the financial crisis and the Great Recession suggests that this hypothesis might be especially relevant in the recent period. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,226.66,357.00,3.00,5.45">3</ref> Prior research suggests that the recession in the early 1980s is consistent with the cleansing hypothesis. <ref type="bibr" coords="2,213.28,380.99,3.00,5.45">4</ref> Of particular relevance, <ref type="bibr" coords="2,327.97,381.50,44.08,10.21">Davis and</ref> be reversed when financial constraints are present. He shows that it is possible that recessions are times of increased, but noncleansing, reallocation. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,88.38,92.98,3.00,5.45">6</ref> In contrast, Osotimehin and Pappadà ð2013Þ develop an alternative related model where credit frictions have a distortionary effect on the selection of exiting firms but do not reverse the cleansing effect of recessions. The difference in these models is the interaction of productivity and credit constraints. Barlevy argues that the most productive businesses are likely to be more subject to credit constraints. Osotimehin and Pappadà argue that the most productive firms face more forgiving net worth exit thresholds and are more likely to face better draws of idiosyncratic productivity shocks. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,90.99,188.97,3.00,5.45">7</ref> With these remarks as background and motivation, this paper addresses five empirical questions concerning the potential cleansing effects of the Great Recession. First, do patterns of reallocation over the business cycle change in the Great Recession? Second, is reallocation productivity enhancing? Third, does the nature of the relationship between productivity and reallocation change over the business cycle? Fourth, is the relationship between productivity and reallocation we see in earlier recessions different in the Great Recession? Fifth, what are the aggregate implications of changes in these micro-level relationships?</p><p>In the first part of our empirical analysis, we find a significant change in the responsiveness of job creation and destruction to cyclical contractions in the Great Recession relative to prior recessions. In earlier cyclical downturns, periods of economic contraction exhibit a sharp increase in job destruction and a mild decrease in job creation, consistent with the earlier literature. However, in the Great Recession, job creation fell by as much or more than the increase in job destruction. In this respect, the Great Recession was not a time of increased reallocation ðwhether productivity enhancing or notÞ.</p><p>The second part of our analysis investigates the relationship between productivity and reallocation. We find that low-productivity establishments are more likely to exit, whereas high-productivity establishments are more likely to grow. In turn, we find that the marginal impact of productivity on exit and growth changes over the cycle. For recessions before the Great Recession, the marginal impact of productivity on exit and growth increases with the magnitude of the contraction. However, this is reversed in the Great Recession. More productive establishments still have lower exit rates and higher growth rates in the Great Recession, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,69.05,538.03,3.00,5.44">6</ref> Using Colombian establishment-level data, <ref type="bibr" coords="4,236.60,538.44,69.71,9.19">Eslava et al. ð2010Þ</ref> present empirical evidence that the exit margin is distorted in times of financial constraints in a manner consistent with the model of Barlevy ð2003Þ. Barlevy ð2002Þ focuses on worker matching issues as other possible reasons recessions can have sullying effects. <ref type="bibr" coords="4,69.05,578.00,3.00,5.44">7</ref> Other mechanisms that work against cleansing have been proposed. For example, Ouyang ð2009Þ argues that recessions stifle learning opportunities important for the development of young firms. but the difference in the exit and growth rates between high-and lowproductivity establishments declines with sharp contractions. We also find that these patterns are primarily driven by establishments of young firms. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,369.01,92.98,3.00,5.45">8</ref> Finally, we find that changes in these micro-level relationships have aggregate implications. In sum, we find that the cleansing impact of earlier recessions attenuates in the Great Recession. If the cleansing effect of a recession is its "silver lining," we find that this silver lining is tarnished in the Great Recession.</p><p>The paper proceeds as follows. The next section describes the data and measurement issues. In Section III, we analyze job reallocation over the business cycle. We bring together reallocation and productivity measures in Section IV to address our central question about the cleansing effect of the Great Recession. Section V concludes and offers ideas for future related areas of research.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>II. Data and Measurement Issues</head><p>We describe our measures of reallocation and productivity in this section. We rely heavily on the growing existing literature on measuring these concepts using micro-level data. Our primary data sources are administrative, census, and survey establishment-level data from the US Census Bureau. These annual data cover the period from about the mid-1970s to 2011, thus enabling us to compare the Great Recession to earlier recessions. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,84.07,335.01,3.00,5.45">9</ref> We are able to examine reallocation for the entire US economy, but for reasons of data availability, we are constrained to the manufacturing sector when analyzing productivity. We begin by describing how we measure reallocation over the business cycle ðthis relates to the analysis in Sec. IIIÞ. We then describe how we measure productivity and reallocation in an integrated manner ðthis relates to the analysis in Sec. IVÞ. Details about data sources and measuring productivity, weights, and job flows are given in the appendix, available online ðin Secs. A-D, respectivelyÞ.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A. Reallocation</head><p>Our annual job reallocation measures for the entire US economy and the manufacturing sector are from the Business Dynamics Statistics series, <ref type="bibr" coords="5,68.99,488.03,3.00,5.44;5,75.00,488.44,64.58,9.19">8 Fort et al. ð2013Þ</ref> find that young and small firms are hit especially hard in the Great Recession. They find that the decline in housing prices is important in that context. <ref type="bibr" coords="5,68.99,518.02,3.00,5.44">9</ref> We use a variety of data sources, some of which cover different periods. The public domain Business Dynamics Statistics (BDS) has job flows from 1977 to 2011. The internal version of the Longitudinal Business Database ðLBDÞ, on which the BDS is based, is available from 1976 to 2011. The Annual Survey of Manufactures ðASMÞ and the Census of Manufactures ðCMÞ data that we use to measure productivity are available from 1972 to 2010. We integrate these data with the LBD so that we can examine outcomes in the LBD from t to t 1 1 ðstarting in 1981 and looking at outcomes through 2011Þ using productivity through 2010. ðSee Sec. A of the online appendixÞ. which is a public use data set derived from the Longitudinal Business Database. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,101.59,81.02,6.01,5.45">10</ref> The LBD is a longitudinally linked version of the Census Bureau's business register. As such, the LBD covers all establishments with paid employees in the nonagricultural private sectors of the US economy ðsee Jarmin and Miranda 2002Þ.</p><p>Measures of job flows in the BDS are consistent with the methodology from <ref type="bibr" coords="6,84.47,141.52,165.71,10.21">Davis et al. ð1996Þ. Davis et al. ð1996Þ</ref> measure job creation as the employment gains from all expanding establishments including startups and job destruction as the employment losses from all contracting establishments including shutdowns. The job reallocation rate is the sum of the job creation and job destruction rates ðsee appendix D onlineÞ.</p><p>Measures of reallocation can be calculated for various groups of establishments, including establishment and firm age groups, establishment and firm size groups, establishment location ðregion, stateÞ groups, and establishment industry groups. 11 In addition, the measures of reallocation can be disaggregated into intensive and extensive margins. Establishment births are those establishments that did not exist in time t 2 1 but exist in time t; analogously, establishment deaths are those establishments that existed in time t 2 1 but do not exist in time t. All designations of births and deaths rely upon the complete universe of information from the LBD. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,359.66,297.02,6.01,5.45">12</ref> While most of our analysis of job flows relies on the BDS, we supplement this analysis with an alternative public domain source of jobs flows. The Business Employment Dynamics ðBEDÞ is a longitudinal version of Bureau of Labor Statistics' ðBLSÞ Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages. The BED covers the private economy and thus provides a quarterly analog to the annual data provided by the BDS ðalthough coverage and measurement issues make comparability complicatedÞ. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,347.30,380.99,6.01,5.45">13</ref> The methodology for measuring job flows in the BED is essentially the same as that for the BDS. 14 10 BDS data are available at http://www.census.gov/ces/dataproducts/bds/. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,69.05,446.02,6.00,5.44">11</ref> We follow Haltiwanger, Jarmin, and Miranda ð2013Þ in our measurement and definitions of establishment and firm size and age. Age of a firm is based on the age of the oldest establishment at the time of the new firm's inception. After that, a firm ages naturally regardless of changes in composition. See <ref type="bibr" coords="6,301.77,476.48,70.31,9.19;6,60.09,486.48,24.90,8.99">Haltiwanger et al. ð2013Þ</ref> for more on the distinction between establishments and firms in the LBD. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,69.05,496.02,6.00,5.44">12</ref> The establishment links in the LBD are of high quality given the comprehensive administrative data underlying the LBD. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,248.59,506.47,69.69,9.19">Davis et al. ð1996Þ</ref> rely upon the ASM and the CM to create measures of job creation and destruction using US Census micro-level data. Using the ASM, with its rotating panels of establishments, introduces measurement complexities we avoid by using the LBD.</p><p>13 See <ref type="bibr" coords="6,92.63,546.44,68.72,9.19">Davis et al. ð2012Þ</ref> for a discussion of the cyclical dynamics of job flows in the BED. See Haltiwanger, Jarmin, and Miranda ð2011Þ for a discussion of the cyclical dynamics of job flows in the BDS. <ref type="bibr" coords="6,69.05,576.01,6.00,5.44">14</ref>  </p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>B. Connection between Productivity and Reallocation</head><p>To explore the connection between productivity and reallocation, we use establishment-level data from the US Census Bureau. We integrate the establishment-level LBD with establishment-level data from the ASM and the CM.</p><p>Our analysis of the relationship between reallocation and productivity dynamics over the cycle is restricted to the US manufacturing sector. We find that job creation and destruction dynamics for manufacturing largely mimic the patterns for the whole economy. While there are some differences between the overall private and manufacturing sectors in terms of their cyclical dynamics of job flows in the Great Recession, we believe our analysis of the connection between productivity and establishment survival and growth in the manufacturing sector should be of relevance more broadly as well.</p><p>We begin by identifying all manufacturing establishments in the LBD from 1976 to 2011. We compute measures of growth and survival using Davis et al.'s ð1996Þ methodology for these establishments. Specifically, let E it be employment at establishment i in year t, that is, the number of workers on the payroll in the pay period covering March 12. The employment growth rate is g it 5 ðE it 2 E it21 Þ=X it , where X it 5 :5ðE it 1 E it21 Þ. 15 In turn, we generate indicators of the components of growth-Davis et al. ð1996Þ growth rates for continuing establishments and indicators of establishment entry and exit. All of these measures are based on the full LBD and do not require any information from the ASM/CM data. Our measures of firm size and firm age are also derived from the full LBD and are not dependent on the ASM/CM data. We adopt the timing convention that the growth rate from March of year t to March of year t 1 1 represents the t to t 1 1 growth rate ðe.g., a 2010 outcome reflects the change from March 2010 to March 2011Þ. Thus, our analysis of the connection between productivity and reallocation reflects outcomes from t to t 1 1 as a function of establishment-level total factor productivity ðTFPÞ and other measures ðe.g., firm size and firm ageÞ in period t. We now turn to how we construct establishment-level measures of TFP in year t.</p><p>To construct a measure of TFP to integrate with these LBD measures, we rely on the subsample of establishments present each year in either the ASM or the CM from 1972 to 2010 to create an analytic data set for 1981-2010. <ref type="bibr" coords="7,82.48,504.92,6.01,5.45">16</ref> The CM is, in principle, the universe of establishments, but data are collected only from those establishments' mailed forms. Very small establishments ðwhere the size threshold varies by industryÞ have their data imputed from administrative data, so we exclude those cases. The CM is collected every 5 years in years ending in 2 and 7.</p><p>The ASM is collected in all years where a CM is not collected and is a sample of roughly 50,000-70,000 manufacturing establishments. Probability of selection into the ASM sample is a function of industry and size. Thus, in both ASM and CM years, we have a subset of establishments of the comprehensive universe from the LBD. To deal with this issue, we estimate propensity score weights for each establishment-year observation in the LBD. The weights are based on the probability that an establishment is in the ASM or CM ðnonadministrative record casesÞ in a specific year. As we show in online appendix C, using such propensity score weights enables our weighted sample to replicate the size, age, and industry distributions in the LBD as well as the overall patterns of employment in the LBD. Note that we estimate the propensity score models separately for each year, which enables us to take into account the changing nature of our samples ðe.g., CM vs. ASM yearsÞ. For all of our statistical analysis using the matched ASM/CM/LBD data, we use these propensity score weights. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,169.62,297.02,6.01,5.45">17</ref> We measure TFP at the establishment level by constructing an index in a manner similar to that used in Baily, Hulten, and Campbell ð1992Þ and a series of papers that built on that work. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,230.68,333.02,6.01,5.45">18</ref> The index is given by</p><formula xml:id="formula_0" coords="8,109.87,356.94,262.20,10.84">ln TFP et 5 ln Q et 2 a K ln K et 2 a L ln L et 2 a M ln M et ;<label>ð1Þ</label></formula><p>where Q is real output, K is real capital, L is labor input, M is real materials, a denotes factor elasticities, the subscript e denotes individual establishments, and the subscript t denotes time. Details on measurement of TFP are in appendix B online, so here we focus on the most relevant features of how these various components are measured. Operationally, we define nominal output as total shipments plus the change in inventories. Output is deflated using an industry-level measure from the NBER-CES Manufacturing Industry Database. Capital is measured separately for interested in classifying establishments based on the age of their parent firm. Our firm age measure is left-censored for firms born in or before 1976. As such, in 1981 and beyond, we can consistently classify firms into age classes of less than 5 and 5 or more years old. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,69.05,585.99,6.00,5.44">18</ref> Syverson ð2011Þ provides an excellent summary. <ref type="bibr" coords="8,69.05,535.99,6.00,5.44">17</ref> The ASM has sample weights, which could in principle be used instead. However, the sample-weighted ASM is not designed to match published totals, as discussed in <ref type="bibr" coords="8,109.47,556.47,70.14,9.19">Davis et al. ð1996Þ</ref>. Moreover, our method implies that we are capturing the patterns of the universe LBD data. Finally, our method facilitates using the CM and ASM records in a consistent manner. structures and equipment using a perpetual inventory method. Labor is measured as total hours of production and nonproduction workers. Materials are measured separately for physical materials and energy and where each are deflated by an industry level deflator. Outputs and inputs are measured in constant 1997 dollars.</p><p>We measure the factor elasticities using industry-level total factor cost shares. We could measure these factor elasticities at the establishment level; however, arguments against using an establishment-level approach can be made when factor adjustment costs exist ðsee Syverson 2011Þ. Moreover, for related reasons, Syverson ð2011Þ notes that some time averaging may be warranted at the industry level. Accordingly, for an establishment in a given industry in period t, we use industry-level measures of cost shares for period t based on the average of the t and t 2 1 cost share for the factor elasticity. <ref type="bibr" coords="9,99.89,225.02,6.01,5.45">19</ref> Given the large differences in output measures across industries ðe.g., steel vs. foodÞ, our TFP measures need to control for industry differences in any comparison over industries. We do this by creating measures of ðlogÞ TFP that are deviations from the industry-by-year average. We refer to this as TFP in the remainder of the paper, but it should be interpreted as the deviation of establishment-level TFP from the industry-by-year average.</p><p>As noted above, our measure of productivity is a revenue measure. This means that differences in establishment-level prices are embedded in our measure of productivity. Unfortunately, the Census Bureau does not collect establishment-level prices. However, as Foster, Haltiwanger, and Syverson ð2008Þ have shown, it is possible to back out the establishmentlevel price effects for a limited set of products in Economic Census years. Foster et al. ð2008Þ create a physical quantity measure of TFP removing the establishment-level price for establishments producing a set of 11 homogeneous goods ðe.g., white pan breadÞ. The within-industry correlation between revenue and physical productivity measures in Foster et al. ð2008Þ is high ðabout 0.75Þ. However, they also find that there is an inverse relationship between physical productivity and prices consistent with establishments facing a differentiated product environment. In addition, they find that establishment-level prices are positively related to idiosyncratic <ref type="bibr" coords="9,68.99,506.00,6.00,5.44">19</ref> As discussed in Syverson ð2011Þ, there are numerous alternative ways to measure factor elasticities ðe.g., estimation methods using either IV or proxy methods to address endogenous factorsÞ, but these alternative methods tend to produce similar establishment-level TFP measures ðeven if they produce somewhat different factor elasticitiesÞ. We also consider industry-level cost shares averaged over our entire sample and obtain very similar results. Our approach is related to the Divisia/Tornqvist index number approach, but this latter approach is focused on an index of TFP growth over time. Our focus is on generating a relative productivity measure across establishments within years. demand shocks. As such, our measure of establishment-level productivity should be interpreted as reflecting both idiosyncratic technical efficiency and demand factors. However, we only capture the idiosyncratic demand factors as they translate into establishment-level prices. It is important to emphasize that it is only idiosyncratic ðnot aggregate or industry-levelÞ demand shocks that are potentially captured by our TFP measure given that our measure deviates from industry by year means.</p><p>Summary statistics of our integrated establishment-level sample are provided in table 1. We have roughly 2.2 million establishment-year observations from 1981 to 2010. We measure growth rates and survival rates for all of these establishments based on the LBD from t to t 1 1. In table 1, the growth rate for incumbent establishments is negative. 20 By design, this growth rate does not include the contribution of entry. The growth rate for continuing establishments is about 21%, and the slightly higher exit rate ð8%Þ compared to entry rate ð7%Þ implies that the overall growth NOTE.-Statistics use propensity score weights to make the sample representative of the LBD. Statistics are not activity weighted. Rates are in fractions ðnot percentsÞ. Employment growth and exit are measured from period t to period t 1 1. TFP is the deviation of establishment-level log TFP from its industry-year mean in year t, so the mean is, by construction, equal to zero. Cycle is the state-year change in the unemployment rate from t to t 1 1. Young is a dummy variable equal to one for establishments that belong to firms less than 5 years old, and GR is a dummy variable equal to one for years from 2007 to 2009. rate inclusive of entry ðnot reportedÞ is about 22%. Variable TFP represents the deviation from industry-year means, so by construction it has a mean of zero. The within-industry-by-year dispersion in TFP is similar to that reported in Syverson ð2004Þ. The cyclical variable that we focus on ðcalled "Cycle," the change in the state-level unemployment rate from the Current Population Survey ½CPSÞ has a mean around zero but with substantial variation. 21 It is not uncommon for individual states to experience changes in unemployment of 0.03 in a given year in the Great Recession. About 20% of establishments belong to young firms, and the Great Recession dummy applies to fewer than 10% of our establishment-year observations.</p><p>We also show summary statistics with establishments classified into young and mature ðbased upon the age of the firmÞ. We find that growth rates for young businesses ðexcluding startupsÞ are lower than for mature businesses, but this reflects a substantially higher growth rate for continuing young businesses and a substantially higher exit rate for young businesses.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>III. Did Reallocation Dynamics Change in the Great Recession?</head><p>In this section, we present results of our analysis of the patterns of job creation and job destruction over the cycle. We start by examining job flows using data from the BDS series, which provides annual job flow statistics for the entire US private sector. Panel A of <ref type="figure" coords="11,279.27,335.52,32.27,10.21" target="#fig_0">figure 1</ref> shows the job creation and job destruction rates for the US economy from 1981 to 2011. The figure also includes the change in the unemployment rate. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,342.93,358.99,6.01,5.45">22</ref> It is apparent that job destruction tends to rise and job creation tends to fall during periods of increasing unemployment. Interestingly, it appears that this pattern changed in the Great Recession. Job destruction did rise sharply in the 2008-9 period, but what is more striking is the sharp fall in <ref type="bibr" coords="11,68.99,436.04,6.00,5.44">21</ref> We use this measure because it allows for variation at national and state levels and is highly correlated with other measures indicative of the business cycle. Correlations between the change in the national unemployment rate and other cyclical indicators are as follows: GDP growth ð20.92Þ, net employment growth ð0.93Þ, and change in employment-to-population ðover 16 years oldÞ ratio ð20.95Þ. We prefer measures of the cycle that correspond to measures of change and growth, as opposed to measures that capture deviations of levels from trends, because the change and growth measures are much more highly correlated with our outcomes of interest ði.e., employment growthÞ. For example, at the national level, the correlation between the Hodrick-Prescott filtered unemployment rate and net employment growth is only 20.23. <ref type="bibr" coords="11,68.99,546.02,6.00,5.44">22</ref> The change in the unemployment rate is the March-to-March change to match the timing of our job flows series. All measures of growth and change ðe.g., job flows and unemployment rateÞ are measured as percents in this section, while they are measured as fractions in other parts of the paper. We use rates in percents in this section since it facilitates discussion of trends. job creation that starts in 2007 and persists through 2010. We also note that job flows exhibit a downward trend-a point we return to below.</p><p>As both a cross check and to explore higher frequency data, we use job creation and destruction series from the BED statistics, which also cover the US private sector. Panel B of figure 1 shows quarterly job creation and job destruction rates with the change in the unemployment rate for the period 1990:2-2012:1. The quarterly numbers reinforce the message from the annual data that recessions are periods in which job destruction rises and job creation falls. Again, however, job creation falls sharply in 2007 and stays low. The downward trend in job flows is even more pronounced in the BED. An advantage of the BED is that it is more current: panel B of <ref type="figure" coords="13,59.98,201.50,33.01,10.21" target="#fig_0">figure 1</ref> shows that the slow recovery from the Great Recession through the first quarter of 2012 is due to anemic job creation rather than from job destruction staying persistently high. Other related data sources ðe.g., the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey ½ JOLTS confirm that this pattern has continued past the first quarter of 2012.</p><p>Job creation is as low during the Great Recession as during any period in the past 30 years ðsee <ref type="figure" coords="13,164.92,273.50,24.12,10.21" target="#fig_0">fig. 1Þ</ref>. Moreover, job reallocation ðcreation plus destructionÞ is at its lowest point in 30 years during the Great Recession and its immediate aftermath. Comparing the Great Recession to the early 1980s recession, job reallocation is 28% in 2009 in contrast to 35% in 1983 ðboth time periods are when job destruction peaked and are measured using March-to-March BDS dataÞ. These patterns are driven in part by the substantial downward trends in job flows evident in both the BDS and the BED. 23 It is well beyond the scope of this paper to explore the determinants of the declining trends in job flows; however, it is clear that downward trends are important, so we take them into account in our analysis. <ref type="bibr" coords="13,95.86,393.00,6.01,5.45">24</ref> To assess the changing pattern of job creation during cyclical downturns, we begin with a simple calculation quantifying the fraction of the changes in net employment accounted for by changes in job creation during periods of net contraction. For each episode of net contraction lasting for one or more periods, we cumulate the net employment losses during the episode ðin percentage termsÞ starting from the beginning of each episode. We also cumulate the change ðtypically a reductionÞ in job creation over the same episode. These cumulative changes permit computing the fraction of net employment contraction accounted for by the reduction in job creation. 25 A simple example helps illustrate the calculation.</p><p>Suppose that over four consecutive periods net growth is f0, 24, 26, 0g, job creation is f15, 14, 13, 15g, and job destruction is f15, 18, 19, 15g. There is a net contraction during periods 2 and 3. The cumulative net employment decline in periods 2 and 3 is 210 and the cumulative decline in job creation is 23, so the fraction is 0.3. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,232.66,117.02,6.01,5.45">26</ref> We sum up these cumulative changes from each cyclical contraction for two subperiods ðpre-and post-Great RecessionÞ and compute the fraction for each of these changes. 27 Using this cumulative change per episode largely mitigates concerns about trends, since the cumulative changes are from the start of each cyclical episode. 28 One limitation of this approach when using the national BDS and BED series is the relatively small number of periods over which to make these calculations. To overcome this limitation, we also compute this using state-level job flow series. We then take the average of these fractions across all states. <ref type="table" coords="14,70.07,237.50,32.55,10.21" target="#tab_2">Table 2</ref> shows the share of the decline in net employment accounted for by declines in job creation during net contractions. The share is substantially below 0.5 for net contractions prior to the Great Recession. Thus, most of the net decline during contractionary periods prior to the Great Recession is accounted for by a rise in job destruction rather than a fall in job creation. In contrast, this share rises substantially above 0.5 in the post-2007 period; during the Great Recession, most of the net decline is accounted for by a decline in job creation.</p><p>We shed further light on these patterns by taking advantage of statelevel variation in the covariance between cyclical indicators and the job flows. We consider simple descriptive regressions relating job flows to a cyclical indicator and a dummy variable for the Great Recession period interacted with the cyclical variable. For this purpose, we use state-level changes in the unemployment rate. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,210.50,393.00,6.01,5.45">29</ref> Since we see a negative trend in job flows, we include a linear trend in our specifications. <ref type="bibr" coords="14,296.50,405.02,6.01,5.45">30</ref> The results are shown in table 3. The specifications have a main effect of the cyclical indicator and an interaction effect. As such, the overall effect for the Great Recession is the sum of the main and interaction effects. During the Great Recession, the relationship between the change in unemployment and job creation becomes more negative, it becomes less positive with job destruction, and its relationship with the reallocation rate shifts from its usual positive relationship to a negative one.</p><p>We also explore the extent to which earlier recessions are different from each other ðsee table E1 in the online appendixÞ. In particular, we estimate specifications equivalent to table 3 where we include a dummy for the 1981-83 recession interacted with the cyclical indicator as well as the GR NOTE.-The calculations take advantage of the identity that Net 5 Job Creation -Job Destruction. For periods of net contraction lasting one or more periods, the cumulative change in net employment growth and cumulative change in job creation are calculated over the entire consecutive period of net contraction. In turn, these cumulative changes are cumulated further within the periods in the table. The share is the fraction of the overall cumulative change in net employment growth over the specified period accounted for by the overall change in job creation over the specified period.  dummy interacted with the cyclical indicator as in table 3. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,312.26,345.04,5.84,5.45">31</ref> We find no evidence that the 1981-83 recession differs from other recessions prior to the Great Recession in terms of the nature of the covariance between job flows and the cycle. In contrast, the Great Recession is different. Reallocation fell rather than increased in the Great Recession. Earlier studies emphasize that the large decline in job creation in the Great Recession is driven by a decline in job creation for young businesses ðsee Fort et al. 2013Þ. Defining young firms as those less than 5 years old, <ref type="figure" coords="16,59.98,441.54,33.52,10.21" target="#fig_2">figure 2</ref> shows patterns of job creation and destruction at the establishment level by firm age class ðyoung and matureÞ. 32 Job creation fell substantially, especially among the very young businesses. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,295.25,465.06,6.01,5.45">33</ref> Overall, our evidence points toward the cyclical covariance of job creation and destruction exhibiting different patterns in the Great Recession. Mature is for establishments owned by firms 5 or more years old. Job flows are establishment based and are classified by firm age characteristics. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,68.99,558.16,6.00,5.44">33</ref> We repeat the same type of simple descriptive regressions as in table 3 by these age categories and find that young businesses have greater sensitivity to the cyclical indicator in terms of both job creation and job destruction. We also find that job creation for young businesses fell more with the increase in unemployment in the Great Recession than in prior recessions ðsee table E2 in the online appendixÞ. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,68.99,538.14,6.00,5.44">32</ref> This analysis is based on establishments classified by the characteristics of the parent firm. <ref type="bibr" coords="16,68.99,508.15,6.00,5.44">31</ref> These are simple specifications with main effects and interaction effects, so the overall effect for the early 1980s recession is the main effect plus the interaction effect for the early 1980s recession. The same remarks apply to the Great Recession.</p><p>Prior to the Great Recession, destruction is more cyclically sensitive and reallocation rises in cyclical downturns. These patterns are consistent with the reallocation timing and cleansing models of Davis and Haltiwanger ð1990Þ, Caballero and Hammour ð1994Þ, and Mortensen and Pissarides ð1994Þ. However, in the Great Recession these patterns changed. Job creation fell much more substantially and job destruction rose less, resulting in little, if any, increase in reallocation ðthe BDS estimates actually yield a decline in reallocation in the Great RecessionÞ. The trend decline in job flows also plays a role in these dynamics. The low job creation and reallocation rates in the Great Recession and its aftermath are driven by both trend and cyclical factors.</p><p>These patterns do not provide direct information about whether the greater intensity of reallocation in prior recessions is actually productivity enhancing or whether the slowdown in reallocation in the Great Recession also exhibited changes in the nature of reallocation. To address these questions, we need to explore the relationship between productivity and reallocation.</p><p>As a final point for this section, we also find that the patterns for the private sector tend to hold for the manufacturing sector ðshown in online appendix <ref type="figure" coords="17,102.10,297.48,30.42,10.21" target="#fig_2">fig. E2Þ</ref>. This is relevant since our analysis of the cyclical relationship between productivity and reallocation is confined to the manufacturing sector, where we can measure TFP at the micro level. The different patterns of recessions are especially apparent in comparing the 2001 downturn and the Great Recession. During the 2001 downturn, there was a sharp rise in job destruction, with relatively little response of job creation in the manufacturing sector. In contrast, in the Great Recession, while job destruction also exhibits a substantial increase, there is a much more notable decline in job creation. When we conduct the same type of exercise as in table 2 for manufacturing, we find that the share of cumulative net losses during contractions accounted for by job creation is equal to 0.13 in contractions prior to the Great Recession and equal to 0.28 <ref type="bibr" coords="17,349.85,429.52,22.07,10.21;17,59.97,441.49,22.50,10.21;17,82.48,441.02,6.01,5.45">post-2007. 34</ref> In manufacturing, variation in job destruction still dominates, but variation in job creation plays a substantially larger role in the Great Recession.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>IV. Did Cleansing Effects Change in the Great Recession?</head><p>Existing research shows a tight connection between reallocation and productivity dynamics: exit is much more likely for low-productivity establishments, while establishment growth is increasing in productivity. A large fraction of industry-level productivity growth is accounted for by this reallocation of outputs and inputs from low-productivity to high-productivity businesses. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,163.50,69.00,6.01,5.45">35</ref> Canonical models of firm dynamics by Jovanovic ð1982Þ, Hopenhayn ð1992Þ, Hopenhayn and Rogerson ð1993Þ, and Ericson and Pakes ð1995Þ provide a structure for heterogeneous firm dynamics models, where firms are subject to idiosyncratic productivity, demand, and cost shocks, which have an impact on their growth and survival.</p><p>In the analysis that follows, we use empirical specifications consistent with these models to examine whether there is a connection between productivity-enhancing reallocation and the business cycle. We use a simple regression model linking the growth and survival dynamics of incumbent establishments to productivity. We examine entry indirectly by focusing on young versus mature businesses. Complementing our analysis of the dynamics of young firms, we provide some descriptive analysis of where entrants fall in the productivity distribution at the point of entry.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>A. Growth and Survival of Incumbents</head><p>Our core specification is given by:</p><formula xml:id="formula_1" coords="18,114.40,286.64,257.67,29.37">Y es;t11 5 l s 1 l t11 1 bðTFP est Þ 1 gðCycle s;t11 Þ 1 dðTFP est Â Cycle s;t11 Þ 1 X 0 est V 1 ε es;t11 ;<label>ð2Þ</label></formula><p>where e is establishment, s is state, Y is a set of outcomes, TFP is total factor productivity deviations from industry by year means, and Cycle is the change in the relevant state unemployment rate from t to t 1 1. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,366.06,353.49,6.01,5.45">36</ref> There are three outcomes ðall measured from t to t 1 1Þ: "Overall Growth" ðcontinuers 1 exitÞ, "Exit," and "Conditional Growth" ðconditional on survival, i.e., continuersÞ. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,153.69,389.49,6.01,5.45">37</ref> In considering the specification, timing is important. We explore the determinants of growth and survival from t to t 1 1 based on the pro-  <ref type="bibr" coords="18,69.05,466.03,6.00,5.44">36</ref> We report in the online appendix three robustness checks for the cyclical indicator, all of which produce results very similar to those reported in the main text. First, we use specifications without year effects so that variation in the national cycle is used ðtable E3Þ. Second, we use specifications with year effects but without state effects ðtable E4Þ. Third, we use the change in the employment-to-population ðage 161Þ ratio as the cyclical indicator ðtable E5Þ. <ref type="bibr" coords="18,69.05,526.01,6.00,5.44">37</ref> One potential limitation of our approach in using outcomes for manufacturing establishments is that they may be less sensitive to local business cycle conditions than establishments in other sectors. We find that there is a strong relationship between the outcomes of manufacturing establishments and local business conditions. Note: Syverson ð2004Þ finds that many manufactured goods are shipped less than 500 miles. In future work, it would be interesting to consider how the patterns vary by sector ðand, in turn, the local nature of the market for the goodsÞ. ductivity of the establishment in period t and the business cycle conditions from t to t 1 1 ðthe change in state level unemployment from the CPSÞ.</p><p>We estimate this specification for 1981-2010 pooling all years with year effects and controlling for establishment characteristics ðincluding establishment size, firm size, and state effectsÞ. <ref type="bibr" coords="19,240.03,117.02,6.01,5.45">38</ref> The inclusion of year effects implies that we are exploiting state-specific variation in the cycle and that we have abstracted from any of the trend issues ðat least national trendsÞ discussed in the previous section. While this is a reduced-form specification, it is broadly consistent with the specifications of selection and growth dynamics from the literature. A common prediction from the models discussed above is that low-productivity plants are more likely to exit. Similarly, the adjustment cost literature for employment dynamics predicts that, conditional on initial size, plants with positive productivity shocks are more likely to grow ðe.g., Cooper, Haltiwanger, and Willis 2007Þ. In terms of the empirical literature, there is already much evidence that high-productivity establishments are more likely to survive and grow ðe.g., Syverson 2011Þ. Our innovation is to consider how these effects vary over the cycle and in turn across different cycles.</p><p>The unit of observation is the establishment in a given state and year. Since some key right-hand-side variables vary only at the state-year level, standard errors are clustered at the state level. We focus on results using clustering at the state level, since Arellano ð1987Þ and Angrist and Pischke ð2009Þ suggest clustering at the state level given potential serial correlation in the state-level regressors. Clustering errors at the state-year level or the state level yields similar results.</p><p>To examine the impact of the Great Recession, we expand equation ð2Þ to include effects of the Great Recession: Y es;t11 5 l s 1 l t11 1 bðTFP est Þ 1 gðCycle s;t11 Þ 1 dðTFP est Â Cycle s;t11 Þ 1 xðGR t11 Â TFP est Þ 1 mðGR t11 Â Cycle s;t11 Þ</p><formula xml:id="formula_2" coords="19,104.48,426.21,267.47,31.66">1 fðGR t11 Â Cycle s;t11 Â TFP est Þ 1 X 0 est V 1 ε es;t11 ;<label>ð3Þ</label></formula><p>where GR is a dummy for the Great Recession taking on values of 1 in years 2007-9. <ref type="bibr" coords="19,117.75,483.37,6.01,5.45">39</ref> Results of these regressions are shown in table 4. We first consider specifications without interactions with the Great Recession ðcols. 1, 3, and 5Þ. In these specifications, the cross-sectional impact of productivity <ref type="bibr" coords="19,68.99,546.02,6.00,5.44">38</ref> For firm size effects, we use firm size classes in period t. For establishment size effects, we have considered both establishment size classes and log employment at the establishment level in period t. We obtain very similar results for both cases, and in the paper, we use log employment at the establishment level. <ref type="bibr" coords="19,68.99,585.99,6.00,5.44">39</ref> The dummy GR indicates outcomes from March 2007 to March 2010. on growth and survival ðwhen the change in the unemployment rate is zeroÞ is given by the first row of columns 1, 3, and 5. Consistent with earlier studies, we find that establishment-level productivity is positively related to growth and negatively related to exit in the cross section. All of these effects are statistically significant. To assess quantitative significance, <ref type="figure" coords="20,222.52,477.48,33.35,10.21" target="#fig_3">figure 3</ref> depicts the implied differences in growth and survival between an establishment one standard deviation below the within industry-year mean and an establishment one standard deviation above the industry-year mean for the main TFP effect ðindependent of the cycle, so Cycle 5 0Þ. For now, we focus on the bars in <ref type="figure" coords="20,59.98,537.52,33.01,10.21" target="#fig_3">figure 3</ref> labeled "All." The difference in overall growth rates between an establishment one standard deviation below and above the mean is about 11 percentage points, the analogous difference in exit rates is 4 percentage points, and the difference in the growth of survivors is 3 percentage points. Comparing the magnitudes of the difference for overall growth with the difference for conditional growth, it is evident that the predicted NOTE.-Regressions are weighted by propensity score weights. Weight calculation is described in the online appendix. Standard errors ðin parenthesesÞ are clustered at the state level. Employment growth and exit are measured from period t to period t 1 1. Regression for exit is a linear probability model where exit 5 1 if the establishment has positive activity in period t but no activity in period t 1 1. TFP is the deviation of establishment-level log TFP from its' industry-year mean in year t. GR is a dummy variable equal to one for years from 2007 to 2009 ðreflecting outcomes from March 2007 to March 2010Þ. Cycle is the state-year change in the unemployment rate from t to t 1 1. Establishment size ðlog employment in tÞ is included as a control.</p><p>* p &lt; .10. ** p &lt; .05. *** p &lt; .01.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>S312</head><p>Foster et al. Depicted is the predicted difference in growth rates ðpanels A and C, high minus lowÞ and the predicted difference in probability of exit ðpanel B, low minus highÞ between an establishment one standard deviation above industry-by-year mean productivity and an establishment one standard deviation below industry-by-year mean productivity. Normal is zero change in state-level unemployment. difference in overall growth rates is largely accounted for by the predicted difference in exit rates. <ref type="bibr" coords="22,157.89,81.02,6.01,5.45">40</ref> Returning to table 4, we also find that growth and survival of manufacturing establishments are related to local business cycle conditions. Increases in the state-level unemployment rate are associated with declines in growth and increases in exit. All of these effects are statistically significant and large in magnitude.</p><p>Of primary interest, we find that the relationship between productivity and reallocation is enhanced in business cycle contractions. The positive impact of productivity on overall growth and the negative impact of productivity on exit are both increased in magnitude during periods with increases in state-level unemployment. Both of these effects are large in magnitude and statistically significant. We find that the point estimate for this interaction effect is positive for the growth of continuing establishments but not statistically significant at conventional levels. As we discuss below, this is sensitive to permitting effects to vary with firm age.</p><p>Did these patterns change in the Great Recession? Columns 2, 4, and 6 of table 4 speak to this question. We are particularly interested in the interaction effect of TFP and the cycle. First, we find the magnitude of the estimated interaction effect between TFP and the cycle is larger for the period prior to the Great Recession than what we find in columns 1, 3, and 5 when we pool all recessions together. This pattern is especially notable for the overall growth and exit specifications. Driving this is the estimated three-way interaction between TFP, the cycle, and the Great Recession, which is reported in the last row of columns 2, 4, and 6. For overall growth, we find the three-way estimated effect is negative and statistically significant. Observe as well that the magnitude of the overall interaction between TFP and the cycle is negative in the Great Recession ðadding 2.182 and 22.961Þ. Thus, instead of the cycle enhancing the impact of TFP on overall growth, it tends to diminish it on the margin in the Great Recession. A similar pattern is observed for exit. The estimated three-way interaction effect is positive and larger in magnitude than the two-way interaction effect of TFP and the cycle. Instead of the cycle enhancing the impact of TFP on exit, it tends to diminish it on the margin in the Great Recession. For growth of continuing establishments, we find less systematic patterns. It appears the three-way interaction for overall growth is being driven mostly by the exit margin.</p><p>There are other estimated interactions of interest in columns 2, 4, and 6. In particular, we find that the impact of the cycle is even more severe in 40 Note that the "exit" outcome in table 4 and <ref type="figure" coords="22,247.52,548.48,19.18,9.19" target="#fig_3">fig. 3</ref> is from a linear probability model, so there is no simple aggregation of the survival growth and exit outcomes to obtain the overall growth outcome. This requires translating exit into job destruction from exit. The difference between the overall growth and survival growth yields an estimate of the latter ðappropriately weighting survival growth for the share of continuing establishmentsÞ. terms of its impact on growth and survival in the Great Recession. We also find that the main effects of TFP ðindependent of the cycleÞ on growth and survival are slightly enhanced in the Great Recession ðalthough only statistically significant for exitÞ.</p><p>We use the same type of exercise as in <ref type="figure" coords="23,245.48,117.48,33.92,10.21" target="#fig_3">figure 3</ref> to quantify how the relationship between productivity, growth, and survival changes with the cycle. <ref type="figure" coords="23,88.89,141.52,37.49,10.21">Figure 4</ref> depicts such exercises for the overall growth and exit outcomes. We focus on overall growth and survival, since we obtain statistically significant effects for the interaction between the effects of TFP and the cycle for these outcomes. <ref type="bibr" coords="23,204.32,177.00,6.01,5.45">41</ref> The left-most bar, labeled "Normal" ðzero change in unemploymentÞ, is taken from figure 3. The remaining bars of each figure show how these outcomes vary with the cycle. A "Mild" contraction is a 1 percentage point increase in state-level unemployment, a "Sharp" contraction is a 3 percentage point increase in statelevel unemployment, and "GR" is for the period 2007-9 ðreflecting outcomes from March 2007 to March 2010Þ. The "Mid" and "Sharp" GR can be thought of as the effect of the Great Recession across different states; some states contract more than others.</p><p>We find the difference in overall growth between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments increases substantially when unemployment rises in periods before the Great Recession. In a sharp contraction, the difference in overall growth rates exceeds 15 percentage points ðsee panel A of <ref type="figure" coords="23,71.77,333.48,23.94,10.21">fig. 4Þ</ref>. The Great Recession modifies these patterns. The difference in growth rates between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments is still large in the Great Recession but rather than increasing with unemployment, it falls with increases in unemployment. In a mild contraction in the Great Recession, the difference in growth rates between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments is about 13 percentage points. For a sharp contraction, this falls to about 12 percentage points.</p><p>Closely related patterns are exhibited in panel B of <ref type="figure" coords="23,289.47,429.52,32.72,10.21">figure 4</ref> for the exit margin. In cyclical contractions before the Great Recession, the difference in exit rates between low-productivity and high-productivity establishments rises with larger increases in unemployment ðnote that in panel B of <ref type="figure" coords="23,350.52,465.52,21.46,10.21">fig. 4</ref> we use the difference in exit rates between low-productivity and highproductivity establishmentsÞ. However, in the Great Recession, this pattern reverses. While there is still a substantially higher probability of exit of low-productivity businesses during the Great Recession, this difference declines with larger increases in unemployment. <ref type="figure" coords="23,266.62,524.99,6.01,5.45;24,72.00,475.12,27.46,9.19" target="#fig_2">42  FIG. 4.</ref>-Differences in growth and exit rates between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments over the business cycle. Authors' calculations on Annual Survey of Manufactures, Census of Manufactures, and Longitudinal Business Database. Depicted is the predicted difference in growth rates ðpanel A, high minus lowÞ and the predicted difference in probability of exit ðpanel B, low minus highÞ between an establishment one standard deviation above industry-by-year mean productivity and an establishment one standard deviation below industry-byyear mean productivity. Normal is zero change in state-level unemployment, mild contraction is 1 percentage point increase in state level unemployment, sharp contraction is 3 percentage point increase in state-level unemployment, and GR is for the period 2007-9.</p><p>We now turn to exploring whether these patterns vary by firm age. As before, we denote as "Young" establishments that are part of young firms and call the remaining establishments of mature firms "Mature." 43 The results of these regressions are shown in table 5. We find that the general patterns for the full sample hold for both "Young" and "Mature" ðcompare cols. 1, 3, and 5 in table 5 to those in table 4Þ. However, the quantitative magnitudes are substantially larger for the establishments of young firms. To see this, we start by returning to <ref type="figure" coords="25,241.06,153.48,31.19,10.21" target="#fig_3">figure 3</ref>. For young businesses, we find that the difference in growth rates for an establishment one standard deviation below and above mean productivity is about 17 percentage points. In contrast, the analogous difference for mature establishments is about 10 percentage points. The exit and growth rates of continuers for young establishments are also substantially more sensitive to productivity than those for mature establishments. <ref type="table" coords="25,69.95,237.50,31.99,10.21" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref> shows that establishments of young firms are also more sensitive to the cycle and that the interaction effect of the cycle and productivity is larger in magnitude for establishments of young firms and is statistically significant for all three outcomes. The significance of the estimated two-way interaction between TFP and the cycle for the growth of continuing young establishments is especially notable since it contrasts with the results of table 4, where we could not detect a statistically significant relationship. <ref type="table" coords="25,152.61,321.52,32.61,10.21" target="#tab_6">Table 5</ref> helps account for this, as we find that the two-way interaction effect between TFP and the cycle is actually negative ðalthough not significantÞ for mature continuing establishments. Apparently cleansing effects on this margin ðgrowth of continuing establish-mentsÞ are present only for young businesses.</p><p>Did these patterns change in the Great Recession? For the three-way interaction effect of interest between TFP, the cycle, and the Great Recession, we find point estimates largely consistent with those for the full sample but with less systematic statistical significance. Part of the challenge here is that the number of establishments from young firms is only about 20% of the overall sample and the three-way interactions are focusing on a specific 3-year period ð2007-9Þ. Based on the point estimates for establishments of young firms, we find that the three-way interaction effect between TFP, the cycle, and the Great Recession tends to offset the two-way interaction effect between TFP and the cycle. However, while the patterns are systematic, they are not precisely estimated. For mature establishments, we find smaller three-way interaction estimates, but they still tend to systematically offset the two-way interaction of TFP and the cycle. We know from table 4 that, when pooled, we obtain large, statistically significant effects for the three-way interaction that offset the two-way interaction. We are pushing the data hard in seeking to identify differential three-way interaction effects by firm age-especially given that the group that is more sensitive to the cycle ðyoungÞ has relatively small samples for the 2007-9 period. We illustrate the predictions from table 5 in <ref type="figure" coords="28,255.86,117.48,32.21,10.21">figure 5</ref> in the same manner as figure 4. We focus on overall growth for the sake of brevity. <ref type="bibr" coords="28,327.85,128.99,6.01,5.45">44</ref>  <ref type="figure" coords="28,336.53,129.50,35.56,10.21">Figure 5</ref> shows that the differences in growth rates between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments are much larger for establishments of young as opposed to mature firms. For example, the difference in growth rates between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments of young firms is over 15 percentage points, while the difference for establishments of mature firms is generally around 10 percentage points. This differential grows for both young and mature, but especially for young during periods of rising unemployment prior to the Great Recession. For young, it grows to over 25% in a sharp contraction. During the Great Recession, this differential is only at 21% for a sharp contraction. While appropriate caution is needed for the latter interaction with the Great Recession given the lack of statistical precision, it suggests that the result that the Great Recession is less productivity enhancing is being driven disproportionately by young establishments.</p><p>A possible concern about our results is that we have made no adjustments for cyclical variation in capacity utilization in our measures of TFP. It is well known that capacity utilization is procyclical ðsee Basu and Fernald 2001Þ, likely due to capacity utilization increasing in times of higher demand. Thus, standard aggregate measures of TFP that are not adjusted for time-varying capacity utilization are spuriously procyclical. This concern is substantially mitigated in our setting, because our measures of TFP are deviations from industry-by-year means. If specific years, or even specific industries within years, are hit especially hard in a recession by demand shocks, our measure of TFP abstracts from any common time variation in capacity utilization at the industry by year level. Still, it may be that when a specific industry is hit especially hard in a downturn, not all plants in the industry are equally affected, leading to idiosyncratic variation in capacity utilization over the cycle. We address this issue in a sensitivity analysis and find that these concerns are not driving our results. In this analysis, we include as extra controls the energy to capital ratio at the plant level both separately and interacted with all variables in the same way as TFP. Using the energy to capital ratio at the plant level is a common way to capture variation in capacity utilization <ref type="bibr" coords="28,69.05,556.00,6.00,5.44">44</ref> The results for exit and growth of continuing establishments are shown in online appendix figs. E4 and E5, respectively. The much larger response of young continuing establishments to TFP and to the interaction of TFP and the cycle is evident in <ref type="figure" coords="28,100.97,586.46,27.71,9.19;29,72.00,491.39,27.63,9.19">fig. E5.  FIG. 5.</ref>-Differences in overall growth rates ðcontinuing 1 exiting establish-mentsÞ between high-productivity and low-productivity establishments over the business cycle by firm age. Authors' calculations on Annual Survey of Manufactures, Census of Manufactures, and Longitudinal Business Database. Depicted is the predicted difference in growth rates ðhigh minus lowÞ between an establishment one standard deviation above industry-by-year mean productivity and an establishment one standard deviation below industry-by-year mean productivity. Normal is zero change in state-level unemployment, mild contraction is 1 percentage point increase in state level unemployment, sharp contraction is 3 percentage point increase in state-level unemployment, and GR is for the period 2007-9. <ref type="bibr" coords="30,60.09,69.52,199.23,10.21">ðsee Burnside, Eichenbaum, and Rebelo 1995Þ.</ref> The results show that our findings on the marginal impact of productivity over the cycle on growth and survival are robust to including these additional controls ðsee online appendix table E7Þ. We find that high energy-to-capital ratio plants are less likely to exit and more likely to grow, consistent with predictions, but this does not change our results on productivity.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>B. Where Do Entrants Fit In?</head><p>The specifications of growth and survival we use in the prior section, while not derived explicitly from a structural model, are consistent with theoretical models of firm dynamics in the literature. An equivalent specification for entry would require capturing the decision rules of potential entrants, which is well beyond the scope of the current paper. Instead, we conduct a simple descriptive analysis of where entrants fit in the productivity distribution relative to incumbents and how this changes over the cycle. For this purpose, we estimate a simple descriptive linear probability specification based upon classifying establishments in any given year into two groups: new entrants ðestablishments in the first year of op-erationÞ and existing establishments ðestablishments with activity in prior yearsÞ.</p><p>The specification has as the left-hand-side variable entry, equal to one if the establishment is a new entrant and equal to zero otherwise. On the right-hand side, we include TFP in the current year, a measure of the Cycle ðin this case from t 2 1 to t since the designation of entry is for establishments that entered between t 2 1 and tÞ, and the interaction. We also include a specification where we permit these relationships to differ in the Great Recession using a GR dummy ðagain being careful to treat the timing differently since this outcome is between t 2 1 and tÞ.</p><p>We report results for this descriptive regression in table 6. We find that higher productivity establishments are slightly less likely to be entrants. The estimated effect is statistically significant given our sample size but is quantitatively small. Moving from one standard deviation below the ðwithin-industryÞ mean to one standard deviation above the mean implies a difference in the likelihood of being an entrant of less than half a percent. Thus, entrants have slightly lower productivity than incumbents. This finding is consistent with findings in <ref type="bibr" coords="30,342.54,490.41,29.46,10.21;30,60.09,502.43,45.84,10.21">Krizan ð2001Þ and</ref><ref type="bibr" coords="30,108.62,502.43,78.63,10.21">Foster et al. ð2008Þ</ref>. In terms of <ref type="bibr" coords="30,244.23,502.43,78.63,10.21">Foster et al. ð2008Þ</ref>, recall that this pattern may reflect lower prices for entrants compared to incumbents ðgiven that our TFP measure is revenue based rather than a physical quantity measure of TFPÞ.</p><p>Not surprisingly, the likelihood that an establishment is an entrant is lower in times of rising unemployment in the state. In terms of the interaction between TFP and the cycle, we find a positive and significant point estimate, suggesting that entrants in contractions are relatively more productive than in expansions. Again, however, this effect is relatively small. For an increase in unemployment of 3 percentage points, the probability that a high productivity establishment is an entrant is positive but very small. Moving from one standard deviation below mean productivity to one standard deviation above mean productivity yields a one-tenth of 1% higher probability that an establishment is an entrant during a period of a sharp contraction. We find little evidence that these patterns changed substantially in the Great Recession. We know from earlier work that job creation from entry fell substantially in the Great Recession ðe.g., <ref type="bibr" coords="31,331.61,525.50,40.36,10.21;31,59.98,537.52,21.83,10.21">Fort et al. 2013Þ</ref>. This is consistent with the patterns here given the large negative coefficient on the cyclical variable. It is a bit surprising that the interaction between GR and the cycle is not statistically significant ðalthough it is negative, consistent with earlier workÞ. NOTE.-Regressions are weighted by propensity score weights. Weight calculation is described in the online appendix. Standard errors ðin parenthesesÞ are clustered at the state level. Entry is measured from t 2 1 to t. Regression is linear probability model with entry 5 1 if this is first year of operation of establishment. TFP is the deviation of establishment-level log TFP from its industryyear mean in year t. GR is a dummy variable equal to one for years from 2008 to 2010 ðgiven t 2 1 to tÞ. Cycle is the state-year change in the unemployment rate from t 2 1 to t. Establishment size ðlog employment in tÞ is included as a control.</p><p>* p &lt; .10. ** p &lt; .05. *** p &lt; .01.</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>C. Aggregate Implications</head><p>The analysis of the relationship between productivity and reallocation above is based on the relationship between growth, survival, and productivity at the establishment level. A strength of this approach is the rich set of controls we are able to use while focusing on within-state variation in the cycle over time to identify the effects of interest. A limitation of the analysis is that it is difficult to draw inferences about aggregate consequences for productivity. A full analysis of the latter is beyond the scope of this paper, but in this section we conduct a counterfactual exercise to shed light on the aggregate consequences.</p><p>Much of the literature on the aggregate relationship between productivity and reallocation revolves around the extent to which resources are shifted away from less productive to more productive establishments ðsee Syverson ½2011 for a recent surveyÞ. Our micro analysis is very much about such shifts, a fact that we now exploit in a simple counterfactual exercise to provide some perspective on aggregate implications. In each year we first compute the following base year index using the actual data:</p><formula xml:id="formula_3" coords="32,187.14,285.31,57.86,18.74">P t 5 o i v it P it ;</formula><p>where v it is the employment weight for plant i in period t and P it is plantlevel productivity ðdeviated from the industry-year meanÞ. Then we use the model to generate a counterfactual index, given by</p><formula xml:id="formula_4" coords="32,180.56,355.21,71.02,19.15">P C t11 5 o i v C it11 P it ;</formula><p>where v C it11 is the predicted employment share for plant i in period t based upon the estimated model. We compute the predicted employment share using base year employment levels and the predicted growth rates in employment from the model. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,184.87,415.85,6.01,5.45">45</ref> We measure the gains from reallocation as P C t11 2 P t . We conduct this exercise in each year and then take time averages of these differences depending on different assumptions for the counterfactual ðwhere the assumptions differ in terms of the assumed state of the cycleÞ. 46 45 For this purpose, we use all of the terms in the model involving TFP, the cycle, and the GR dummies. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,69.05,506.00,6.00,5.44">46</ref> The index of productivity is an employment-weighted average of establishmentlevel productivity. In this respect, it is related to the indices used in <ref type="bibr" coords="32,329.72,516.45,42.42,9.19;32,60.09,526.48,308.11,9.19">Baily et al. ð1992Þ, Griliches and Regev ð1995Þ, Olley and Pakes ð1996Þ, and Foster et al. ð2001Þ</ref>. Much of the work using activity-weighted averages of establishment-level TFP uses either output or composite input weights. We do not have that information for our counterfactual ðwe use the LBD to generate outcome measures for the counter-factualÞ, so we are restricted to using the activity measures in our outcome measures, namely, employment. <ref type="bibr" coords="32,144.34,576.49,70.59,9.19">Foster et al. ð2001Þ</ref> show that these activity-weighted indices are similar using output, input or employment weights.</p><p>Given that we use plant-level productivity measured as deviations from within-industry-by-year means, this calculation yields an estimate of the implied increase in within-industry productivity from reallocation effects alone. Moreover, since the plant-level distribution of productivity is held constant ðin each yearÞ for this exercise, the change only reflects the interaction of the predicted changes in the distribution of employment with where plants sit in the productivity distribution. <ref type="figure" coords="33,69.96,153.48,36.18,10.21" target="#fig_4">Figure 6</ref> shows the results of this exercise. The bar labeled "Normal" implies that in a year with no change in the unemployment rate, the average increase in productivity from reallocation effects from one year to the next across incumbents is about 2.1 log points. During mild and sharp contractions prior to the Great Recession, this contribution increases to 2.4 and 2.9 log points, respectively. However, during mild and sharp contractions in the Great Recession ðwhich can be thought of as the effect across different statesÞ, the reallocation contribution is 2.3 and 2.1 log points, respectively. Consistent with our micro evidence, the contribution of reallocation to this aggregate index of establishment-level productivity decreases in the Great Recession.</p><p>These estimates of the contribution of reallocation are large relative to those in the literature. In accounting decompositions, such as those in <ref type="bibr" coords="33,72.22,309.50,108.66,10.21">Foster et al. ð2001, 2008Þ</ref>, reallocation effects account for up to half of industry-level productivity growth using similar activity-weighted establishment-level productivity as indices of industry-level productivity. In these papers, this type of average industry index grows by about 1 log point per year, so that half of this is substantially below the greater than 2 log point effects we are capturing. However, a strength of our current approach relative to this existing literature is that our counterfactual exercise focuses on the reallocation effects induced by productivity differences. That is, in this earlier literature, the accounting decompositions capture the contribution of reallocation of activity across establishments regardless of the source of that reallocation. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,251.71,153.02,6.01,5.45">47</ref> The work of <ref type="bibr" coords="34,320.14,153.48,51.90,10.21;34,60.09,165.53,21.96,9.99">Foster et al. ð2008</ref>, 2013Þ emphasizes that much reallocation is induced by demandside effects as opposed to productivity effects. Our revenue-based measure of TFP captures some but hardly all of the demand side effects identified in this recent work. Instead, our counterfactual exercise is based on the reallocation that is directly linked to productivity differences. Taking our results at face value yields a substantial contribution to productivity growth from productivity difference-induced reallocation. 48</p></div>
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><head>V. Conclusions and Future Work</head><p>We address the question "Was the Great Recession a cleansing recession?" by building up five related facts. First, we show that reallocation in the Great Recession differs markedly from that of earlier recessions. Job creation falls much more substantially than in prior recessions, and job destruction rises less than in prior recessions-taken together they yield less of an increase ðor even a declineÞ in the intensity of reallocation. Second, we find that reallocation is productivity enhancing. Less productive establishments are more likely to exit, while more productive establishments are more likely to grow. Third, we show that these patterns are enhanced in recessions prior to the Great Recession. Fourth, we show that reallocation is less productivity enhancing in the Great Recession as contractions become more severe. The gap in growth rates and exit rates between high-productivity and low-productivity businesses decreases rather than increases with larger increases in unemployment in the Great Recession. Fifth, we find that the implied increases in aggregate ðindustry-levelÞ productivity indices from productivity-induced reallocation are substantial, <ref type="bibr" coords="34,69.05,484.00,6.00,5.44">47</ref> In terms of the above exercise, this is equivalent to using actual v it11 in calculating the gains from reallocation. <ref type="bibr" coords="34,69.05,504.01,6.00,5.44">48</ref> Our counterfactual exercise cannot provide a full accounting of overall industry-level productivity growth. The ASM is not well suited for capturing the within-establishment productivity growth that is a critical part of the overall growth. High-frequency ASM data can measure the cross-sectional distribution of TFP within industries in a given year, but they do not provide a high-quality measure of within-establishment productivity growth given the ASM's sample limitations. The ASM is not well suited for longitudinal analysis of plants, and thus our longitudinal outcomes are derived from the LBD. with even larger effects in sharp contractions prior to the Great Recession and smaller effects in sharp contractions in the Great Recession.</p><p>Our analysis is mostly descriptive-evaluating how the patterns and nature of reallocation change over the cycle and how they differ in the Great Recession. We do not directly address why the Great Recession is different. As such, our contribution is much more about what happened than why it happened. The obvious next step is to explore why the patterns are different. A clear candidate is the role of the financial collapse. Our finding that the patterns change more for young businesses is at least suggestive that the financial collapse ðwhich arguably hit young firms much harderÞ is relevant. But to provide convincing evidence, we need to find ways to integrate direct measures of the financial collapse at the firm, or at least the regional level, into the type of analysis we have conducted here. <ref type="bibr" coords="35,80.84,225.02,6.01,5.45">49</ref> This paper raises questions that bear looking into in future research. One interesting question concerns the heterogeneity of recessions in general. In comparing the Great Recession to earlier recessions in our productivity analysis, we group all of the earlier recessions for which we have data into one category in our main analysis. Much of the thinking about cleansing recessions was motivated by the patterns seen in the 1981-83 recession. The 1981-83 recession has a big surge in destruction and exits of low-productivity establishments, followed by a big surge in creation as early as 1984. That recession is very different from the relatively mild recessions of 1991 and 2001. <ref type="bibr" coords="35,179.03,344.93,6.01,5.45">50</ref> We do sensitivity analysis that suggests that our results are not driven by the differences between the 1981-83 recession and the Great Recession, but there is much room for further research in this area. In particular, investigating differences across recessions taking into account the different driving forces of recessions would be a promising area for future research. This would be one way to help understand why the Great Recession looks different in terms of its reallocation dynamics.</p><p>Another interesting area for future research is to explore the implications of the declining trend in job flows exhibited in the United States over the past few decades for productivity growth. Both the BDS and the BED show pronounced downward trends in job flows and thus the pace of <ref type="bibr" coords="35,68.99,504.01,6.00,5.44;35,77.95,504.43,65.03,9.19">49 Fort et al. ð2013Þ</ref> present evidence that the fall in housing prices is important for understanding the especially large decline of young businesses in the Great Recession. <ref type="bibr" coords="35,68.99,534.00,6.00,5.44">50</ref> Our descriptive analysis in Sec. III shows that these shallower recessions did not differ much from the early 1980s recession in terms of the covariance between job flows and the cycle. The 1991 and 2001 recessions differ in terms of the severity of the recessions, but the covariance between job flows and changes in unemployment are similar across the 1981- <ref type="bibr" coords="35,204.43,574.44,116.27,9.19">83, 1991, and 2001 recessions.</ref> reallocation. Since we find that reallocation is productivity enhancing in general ðignoring the cycleÞ, the obvious question is whether this has implications for long-run trend productivity growth in the United States.</p><p>Finally, we note that a core limitation of our current analysis is that we study the relationship between productivity and reallocation only for the manufacturing sector. While manufacturing is interesting and important, much of the changing patterns of job reallocation in terms of trends and the cycle are driven by other sectors. Our focus on manufacturing is driven by data limitations. There are sources that can be used for measuring productivity ðeven TFPÞ for establishments and firms in other sectors-but this will require addressing a variety of challenges in terms of measurement and methodology. The high pace of reallocation in nonmanufacturing sectors and the changing patterns of reallocation suggest that addressing such challenges would have substantial payoffs.</p></div><figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_0" coords="12,72.00,537.48,300.01,9.19;12,59.98,548.48,312.00,9.19;12,59.98,559.48,305.38,9.19"><head>FIG. 1 .</head><label>1</label><figDesc>-Job flows and the business cycle. Authors' calculations using Business Dynamics Statistics ðannualÞ, Business Employment Dynamics ðquarterlyÞ, and the Current Population Survey. Cycle is the change in the unemployment rate.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_1" coords="15,280.75,206.20,91.17,7.15;15,59.98,213.74,312.00,7.15;15,59.98,221.22,311.99,7.15;15,59.98,228.71,312.00,7.15;15,59.98,236.19,311.99,7.15;15,59.98,243.73,311.94,7.15;15,59.98,251.21,312.02,7.15;15,59.98,258.70,89.00,7.15"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>For BDS, pre-Great Recession is 1981-2007, post-2007 is 2008-11. For the BED, pre-Great Recession is 1990:2-2007:3, post-2007 is 2007:4-2012:1. As noted, these statistics are only calculated for periods with net employment growth less than zero. For example, this is 2007:4-2010:1 for the BED. For the BDS National Annual there are only 6 years of net contraction with only 2 years in the post 2007 period. For the BED Quarterly, there are 22 quarters of net contraction with 9 quarters in the post-2008 period. For the BDS State Annual, there are 393 state-year observations with net contraction with 112 state-year observations with net contractions in the post-2007 period.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_2" coords="16,71.94,291.49,300.02,9.19;16,59.98,302.49,312.01,9.19;16,59.98,313.48,311.98,9.19;16,59.98,324.48,250.78,9.19"><head>FIG. 2 .</head><label>2</label><figDesc>-Job flows by age, 1981-2011. Authors' calculations on Business Dynamics Statistics. Young is for establishments owned by firms less than 5 years old.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_3" coords="21,71.83,526.54,299.96,9.19;21,59.81,537.54,312.04,9.19;21,59.81,548.53,312.03,9.19;21,59.81,559.32,311.98,9.40;21,59.81,570.32,311.99,9.40;21,59.81,581.53,312.02,9.19;21,59.81,592.53,311.95,9.19;21,59.81,603.53,273.40,9.19"><head>FIG. 3 .</head><label>3</label><figDesc>-Differences in growth rates between high-productivity and lowproductivity establishments, normal times. Authors' calculations on Annual Survey of Manufactures, Census of Manufactures, and Longitudinal Business Database.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" xml:id="fig_4" coords="33,72.00,575.46,300.03,9.19;33,59.98,586.46,228.18,9.19"><head>FIG. 6 .</head><label>6</label><figDesc>-Predicted contribution of reallocation to aggregate ðindustry-levelÞ productivity. Authors' calculations from estimated models.</figDesc></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_0" coords="6,60.09,576.48,311.99,19.17"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>We use BED statistics from Davis et al. ð2012Þ that have been extended back to 1990:2.</figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_1" coords="10,90.08,70.85,252.09,235.52"><head>Table 1</head><label>1</label><figDesc>Descriptive Statistics, ASM/CM/LBD Matched Sample SOURCE.-Authors' calculations on the Annual Survey of Manufactures, the Census of Manufactures, and the Longitudinal Business Database.</figDesc><table coords="10,270.99,95.01,67.47,8.17">Mean 
SD 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_2" coords="15,59.98,70.85,312.00,97.53"><head>Table 2</head><label>2</label><figDesc>Share of Change in Net Employment Growth Due to Change in Job Creation in Periods of Net Contraction SOURCE.-Authors' calculations on Business Dynamics Statistics ðBDSÞ and Business Employment Dynamics ðBEDÞ.</figDesc><table coords="15,59.98,104.53,312.00,44.62">National 
State 

Period 
BDS ðAnnualÞ 
BED ðQuarterlyÞ 
BDS ðAnnualÞ 

Pre-Great Recession 
.21 
.28 
.39 
Post-2007 
.61 
.59 
.65 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_3" coords="15,59.98,426.89,312.06,156.04"><head>Table 3</head><label>3</label><figDesc>Job Flows and Change in the Unemployment Rate at the State-Level (Annual), 1981-2011 GR is a dummy variable equal to one for years from 2008 to 2010 ðjob flows from March 2007 to March 2010Þ. Cycle is the state-year change in the unemployment rate. All specifications include state fixed effects. Standard errors in parentheses are clustered at the state level. *** p &lt; .01.</figDesc><table coords="15,59.98,460.56,312.06,99.86">Job Creation 
Rate 

Job Destruction 
Rate 
Reallocation Rate 

Cycle 
2.631*** 
1.194*** 
.563*** 
ð.046Þ 
ð .053Þ 
ð .068Þ 
GR Â cycle 
2.371*** 
2.421*** 
2.793*** 
ð.079Þ 
ð .079Þ 
ð .128Þ 
Trend 
2.168*** 
2.136*** 
2.304*** 
ð.010Þ 
ð .011Þ 
ð .020Þ 

SOURCE.-Authors' calculations on Business Dynamics Statistics. 
NOTE.-N 5 1,581. </table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_4" coords="18,60.09,436.04,312.06,29.44"><head></head><label></label><figDesc>35 See, e.g.,Baily et al. ð1992Þ, Campbell ð1998Þ, Bartelsman and Doms ð2000Þ,  Baily, Bartelsman, and Haltiwanger ð2001Þ, Foster et al. ð2001, 2006Þ, and Syverson  ð2011Þ.   </figDesc><table></table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_5" coords="20,59.98,70.85,312.11,244.99"><head>Table 4</head><label>4</label><figDesc>Reallocation and Productivity over the Business Cycle SOURCE.-Authors' calculations on the Annual Survey of Manufactures, the Census of Manufactures, and the Longitudinal Business Database.</figDesc><table coords="20,59.98,95.01,312.11,201.66">Overall Growth Rate 
ðContinuers 1 ExitersÞ 
Exit 

Conditional 
Growth Rate 
ðContinuers OnlyÞ 

ð1Þ 
ð 2Þ 
ð 3Þ 
ð 4Þ 
ð 5Þ 
ð 6Þ 

TFP 
.157*** 
.159*** 2.060*** 2.060*** 
.041*** 
.042*** 
ð.006Þ 
ð .006Þ 
ð.003Þ 
ð.003Þ 
ð .003Þ 
ð .003Þ 
Cycle 
23.307*** 22.961*** 
.671*** 
.497*** 22.143*** 22.128*** 
ð.459Þ 
ð .483Þ 
ð.176Þ 
ð.179Þ 
ð .247Þ 
ð .286Þ 
TFP Â cycle 
1.542** 
2.182** 2.655*** 2.927*** 
.494 
.534 
ð.643Þ 
ð .862Þ 
ð.226Þ 
ð.265Þ 
ð .412Þ 
ð .567Þ 
GR Â TFP 
.030 
2.018* 
2.005 
ð.023Þ 
ð .011Þ 
ð .011Þ 
GR Â cycle 
23.116** 
1.581*** 
2.126 
ð1.349Þ 
ð .523Þ 
ð .770Þ 
GR Â TFP Â cycle 
22.961* 
1.466** 
.066 
ð1.619Þ 
ð .684Þ 
ð .764Þ 
Year FE 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
State FE 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Firm size class FE 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
N ðmillionsÞ 
2.2 
2.2 
2.2 
2.2 
2.1 
2.1 

</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_6" coords="26,155.72,64.37,217.36,554.92"><head>Table 5</head><label>5</label><figDesc>Reallocation and Productivity over the Business Cycle by Firm Age</figDesc><table coords="26,179.93,64.37,193.16,554.92">Overall Growth Rate 
ðContinuers 

1 

ExitersÞ 

Exit 

Conditional Growth Rate 
ðContinuers 

OnlyÞ 

ð1Þ 

ð 
2Þ 

ð 
3Þ 

ð 
4Þ 

ð 
5Þ 

ð 

6Þ 

Young 

2.059*** 

2.054*** 

.050*** 

.049*** 

.047*** 

.050*** 

ð.005Þ 

ð 
.005Þ 

ð 

.002Þ 

ð 
.002Þ 

ð 

.003Þ 

ð 
.003Þ 

TFP Â 

mature 

.138*** 

.139*** 

2.054*** 

2.055*** 

.034*** 

.033*** 

ð.007Þ 

ð 
.007Þ 

ð 

.003Þ 

ð 
.003Þ 

ð 

.003Þ 

ð 
.003Þ 

TFP Â 

young 

.237*** 

.236*** 

2.085*** 

2.083*** 

.075*** 

.077*** 

ð.013Þ 

ð 
.015Þ 

ð 

.006Þ 

ð 
.006Þ 

ð 

.006Þ 

ð 
.007Þ 

Cycle Â 

mature 

22.590*** 

22.487*** 

.345** 

.230 

22.047*** 

22.183*** 

ð.401Þ 

ð 
.402Þ 

ð 

.143Þ 

ð 
.141Þ 

ð 

.232Þ 

ð 
.270Þ 

Cycle Â 

young 

26.626*** 

25.274*** 

2.196*** 

1.775*** 

22.578*** 

21.878*** 

ð.988Þ 

ð 
1.152Þ 

ð 

.407Þ 

ð 
.463Þ 

ð 

.412Þ 

ð 
.455Þ 

TFP Â 

cycle Â 

mature 

.674 

1.112 

2.429* 

2.720*** 

2.031 

2.193 

ð.620Þ 

ð 
.733Þ 

ð 

.234Þ 

ð 
.235Þ 

ð 

.354Þ 

ð 
.538Þ 

TFP Â 

cycle Â 

young 

3.886** 

4.336** 

21.147* 

21.088 

2.476** 

2.811** 

ð1.568Þ 

ð 
2.016Þ 

ð 

.649Þ 

ð 
.759Þ 

ð 
1.030Þ 

ð 
1.110Þ 

GR Â 

TFP Â 

mature 

.015 

2.010 

2.005 

ð.029Þ 

ð 
.014Þ 

ð 
.007Þ 

S318 
</table></figure>
<figure xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" type="table" xml:id="tab_7" coords="31,100.06,70.85,232.08,227.98"><head>Table 6</head><label>6</label><figDesc>Entry and Productivity over the Business Cycle SOURCE.-Authors' calculations on the Annual Survey of Manufactures, the Census of Manufactures, and the Longitudinal Business Database.</figDesc><table coords="31,100.06,95.01,232.08,184.65">Establishment Entry 

ð1Þ 
ð 2Þ 

TFP 
2.006*** 
2.006*** 
ð.002Þ 
ð .002Þ 
Cycle 
2.388*** 
2.376*** 
ð.136Þ 
ð .142Þ 
TFP Â cycle 
.274*** 
.239** 
ð.075Þ 
ð .103Þ 
GR Â TFP 
.006* 
ð.004Þ 
GR Â cycle 
2.176 
ð.504Þ 
GR Â TFP Â cycle 
2.088 
ð.199Þ 
Year FE 
Yes 
Yes 
State FE 
Yes 
Yes 
Firm size class FE 
Yes 
Yes 
N ðmillionsÞ 
2.2 
2.2 

</table></figure>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="1">We use productivity differences across producers as a placeholder more generally for differences across producers in terms of technical efficiency, demand, and costs. All of these factors contribute to our empirical measure of establishment-level productivity, as we discuss in Sec. II.2 It is important to emphasize that the modern view of the "cleansing" hypothesis does not mean that recessions are necessarily welfare enhancing. The social planner may prefer to avoid cyclical variation in consumption along with the loss of activity from unemployment. But, conditional on the cycle occurring, it may be optimal to increase the pace of productivity-enhancing reallocation given that the opportunity cost of time is low.3  Greenstone and Mas ð2012Þ and Chodorow-Reich ð2014Þ find that a relationship between the Great Recession credit market shock and subsequent employment declines.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="15">This growth rate measure has become standard in analyses of establishment and firm dynamics because it shares some useful properties of log differences while also accommodating entry and exit. See Tornqvist, Vartia, and Vartia ð1985Þ and Davis et al. ð1996Þ for discussion.16  While we use data back to 1972 to get the best possible capital stock measures, our analysis uses data from 1981 to 2010. We focus on this period since we are Reallocation in the Great Recession: Cleansing or Not? S299</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="20">These statistics use the propensity score weights to adjust the sample, but they are not activity weighted.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="23">Figure E1in the online appendix depicts the Hodrick-Prescott trends in the job flows that clearly depict the downward trends.24  SeeDavis et al. ð2007Þ, Hyatt and Spletzer ð2013Þ, Davis and Haltiwanger  ð2014Þ, and Decker et al. ð2014a, 2014bÞ for discussions of determinants of declining trends in job flows.25  By construction, overall net contraction is accounted for by the cumulative reductions in job creation and the cumulative increases in job destruction.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="26">Notice it is the cumulative decline in job creation from just prior to the start of the current contraction ði.e., the job creation is 21 in period 2 and 22 in period 3 relative to job creation just prior to the start of the current contractionÞ. 27 This is equivalent to taking the weighted average of the per episode fractions, where the weight is the cumulative net change for the episode.28  We cumulate first differences in net employment and job flows so we are effectively detrending.29  We consider other cyclical indicators, such as the change in the employmentto-population ratio ðpopulation over age 16Þ and obtain very similar results.30  In unreported results, we find similar patterns using the national sample in spite of the relatively sparse number of observations. We also find that the patterns are robust to using alternative detrending methods.S306Foster et al.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="34">We calculate these fractions using periods of net contraction for the overall economy.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="41">For completeness, we show the results for continuing establishments in appendix fig. E3. 42 In online appendix table E6, we show that the results in table 4 are broadly similar if we exclude the 1981-83 recession, suggesting that our results are not simply driven by differences between the 1981-83 recession and the Great Recession.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot" n="43">Results are similar when we use measures of "Young" that rely on establishment age.</note>
			<note xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0" place="foot">Reallocation in the Great Recession: Cleansing or Not? S329</note>
		</body>
		<back>
			<div type="annex">
<div xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><p>Copyright of Journal of Labor Economics is the property of University of Chicago Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.</p></div>			</div>
			<div type="references">

				<listBibl>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,284.77,311.95,10.45;36,68.88,296.79,218.78,10.45" xml:id="b0">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Mostly harmless econometrics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joshua</forename><surname>Angrist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jorn-Steffen</forename><surname>Pischke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
			<publisher>Princeton University Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Princeton, NJ</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,308.99,311.95,10.21;36,68.88,320.77,303.20,10.45;36,68.88,333.03,31.64,10.21" xml:id="b1">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Computing robust standard errors for withingroup estimators</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Manuel</forename><surname>Arellano</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">49</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="431" to="465" />
			<date type="published" when="1987" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,344.99,311.93,10.21;36,68.88,356.77,303.17,10.45;36,68.88,368.79,162.17,10.45" xml:id="b2">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Labor productivity: Structural change and cyclical dynamics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Baily</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Neil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Bartelsman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">83</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="420" to="453" />
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,380.99,311.96,10.21;36,68.88,392.77,303.20,10.45;36,68.88,404.79,303.19,10.45;36,68.88,416.99,289.53,10.21" xml:id="b3">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Productivity dynamics in manufacturing plants</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Baily</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Charles</forename><surname>Neil</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">David</forename><surname>Hulten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Brookings papers on economic activity: Microeconomics</title>
		<editor>Clifford Winston and Martin Neil Baily</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Washington, DC</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Brookings Institution Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">4</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="187" to="267" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,428.77,311.98,10.45;36,68.88,440.74,100.08,10.45" xml:id="b4">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The sullying effect of recessions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gadi</forename><surname>Barlevy</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">69</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="65" to="96" />
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,452.99,311.95,10.21;36,68.88,464.77,303.15,10.45" xml:id="b5">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Credit market frictions and the allocation of resources over the business cycle</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Monetary Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">8</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1795" to="1818" />
			<date type="published" when="2003" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,476.98,311.99,10.21;36,68.88,488.76,303.12,10.45;36,68.88,501.01,72.10,10.21" xml:id="b6">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Understanding productivity: Lessons from longitudinal microdata</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Eric</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Bartelsman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Doms</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Literature</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">38</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="569" to="95" />
			<date type="published" when="2000" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,512.98,311.98,10.21;36,68.88,524.76,303.16,10.45;36,68.87,537.01,303.18,10.21;36,68.87,548.98,303.13,10.21;36,68.87,561.00,40.78,10.21" xml:id="b7">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Why is productivity pro-cyclical? Why do we care?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Susanto</forename><surname>Basu</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Fernald</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">;</forename><surname>Charles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hulten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Harper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">New developments in productivity analysis</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Chicago</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="page" from="225" to="302" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Chicago Press for National Bureau of Economic Research</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="36,60.09,573.01,311.96,10.21;36,68.87,584.74,285.07,10.45" xml:id="b8">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Agency costs, net worth, and business fluctuations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ben</forename><surname>Bernanke</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mark</forename><surname>Gertler</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">79</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="14" to="31" />
			<date type="published" when="1989" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,69.52,311.96,10.21;37,68.76,81.24,303.22,10.45;37,68.76,93.26,303.18,10.45;37,68.76,105.52,199.22,10.21" xml:id="b9">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The cyclical behavior of the gross flows of U.S. workers</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Oliver</forename><surname>Blanchard</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Peter</forename><surname>Jean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Diamond</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<editor>William C. Brainard and George L. Perry</editor>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<publisher>Brookings Institution Press</publisher>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="85" to="155" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,117.48,311.97,10.21;37,68.76,129.26,303.20,10.45;37,68.76,141.52,303.13,10.21;37,68.76,153.48,196.24,10.21" xml:id="b10">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Capital utilization and returns to scale</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Craig</forename><surname>Burnside</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Martin</forename><surname>Eichenbaum</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sergio</forename><surname>Rebelo</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">NBER macroeconomics annual 1995</title>
		<editor>Ben S. Bernanke and Julio J. Rotemberg</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">10</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="67" to="124" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>National Bureau of Economic Research</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,165.50,311.99,10.21;37,68.76,177.28,287.14,10.45;37,59.98,189.48,311.94,10.21;37,68.76,201.26,216.20,10.45" xml:id="b11">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">On the timing and efficiency of creative destruction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ricardo</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Caballero</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Mohamad</forename><forename type="middle">L</forename><surname>Hammour</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">84</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="805" to="837" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>American Economic Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,213.52,311.95,10.21;37,68.76,225.24,221.47,10.45" xml:id="b12">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The cost of recessions revisited: A reverse-liquidationist view</title>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">72</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="313" to="354" />
			<date type="published" when="2005" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,237.50,311.99,10.21;37,68.76,249.28,259.92,10.45" xml:id="b13">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entry, exit, embodied technology, and business cycles</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jeffrey</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Campbell</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Dynamics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="371" to="408" />
			<date type="published" when="1998" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,261.48,311.96,10.21;37,68.76,273.50,303.19,10.21;37,68.76,285.28,206.20,10.45" xml:id="b14">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The employment effects of credit market disruptions: Firm-level evidence from the 2008-09 financial crisis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Gabriel</forename><surname>Chodorow-Reich</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Quarterly Journal of Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">129</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="59" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,297.48,311.97,10.21;37,68.76,309.50,303.16,10.21;37,68.76,321.52,294.35,10.21" xml:id="b15">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reallocation and technology: Evidence from the U.S. steel industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alan</forename><surname>Collard-Wexler</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jan</forename><forename type="middle">De</forename><surname>Loecker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 18739</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">National Bureau of Economic Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">NBER Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,333.48,311.93,10.21;37,68.76,345.26,303.19,10.45;37,68.76,357.28,166.40,10.45" xml:id="b16">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Search frictions: Matching aggregate and establishment observations</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Russell</forename><surname>Cooper</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Jonathan</forename><surname>Willis</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Monetary Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">54</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="56" to="78" />
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>suppl</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,369.48,311.97,10.21;37,68.76,381.50,303.20,10.21;37,68.76,393.28,231.83,10.45;37,59.98,405.49,311.94,10.21;37,68.76,417.26,200.14,10.45" xml:id="b17">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The flow approach to labor markets: New data sources and micro-macro links</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><forename type="middle">Jason</forename><surname>Faberman</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">20</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="18" />
			<date type="published" when="2006" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Monetary Economics</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.98,429.52,311.96,10.21;37,68.76,441.49,303.13,10.21;37,68.76,453.26,303.15,10.45;37,68.76,465.52,275.64,10.21;37,59.97,477.49,311.96,10.21;37,68.76,489.27,271.82,10.45;37,59.97,501.52,312.01,10.21;37,68.76,513.25,303.20,10.45;37,68.76,525.51,64.02,10.21" xml:id="b18">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Gross job creation and destruction: Microeconomic evidence and macroeconomic implications</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">NBER macroeconomics annual 1990</title>
		<editor>Olivier Jean Blanchard and Stanley Fischer</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1990" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1234" to="58" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>American Economic Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.97,537.52,311.94,10.21;37,68.76,549.49,303.22,10.21;37,68.76,561.51,83.42,10.21" xml:id="b19">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Labor market fluidity and economic performance. Paper presented at Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City Conference</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2014-08" />
			<pubPlace>Jackson Hole, WY</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="37,59.97,573.52,311.98,10.21;37,68.76,585.49,303.19,10.21;38,68.88,69.28,303.27,10.45;38,68.88,81.48,303.17,10.21;38,68.88,93.50,123.82,10.21" xml:id="b20">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Volatility and dispersion in business growth rates: Publicly traded versus privately held firms</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ron</forename><surname>Jarmin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Javier</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">NBER macroeconomics annual 2006</title>
		<editor>Daron Acemoglu, Kenneth Rogoff, and Michael Woodford</editor>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Cambridge, MA</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="2007" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">21</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="107" to="56" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,105.28,311.91,10.45;38,68.88,117.24,192.47,10.45" xml:id="b21">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Job creation and destruction</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Davis</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><surname>John</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Scott</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><surname>Schuh</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
			<publisher>MIT Press</publisher>
			<pubPlace>Cambridge MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,129.50,311.93,10.21;38,68.88,141.52,303.18,10.21;38,68.88,153.24,255.70,10.45;38,60.09,165.50,311.92,10.21;38,68.88,177.52,235.28,10.21" xml:id="b22">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The secular decline of business dynamism in the United States. Working paper</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ryan</forename><surname>Decker</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ron</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jarmin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Javier</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Economic Perspectives</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">28</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="3" to="24" />
			<date type="published" when="2014" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>University of Maryland ðJuneÞ</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>The role of entrepreneurship in US job creation and economic dynamism</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,189.48,312.02,10.21;38,68.88,201.26,303.17,10.45;38,68.88,213.52,66.75,10.21" xml:id="b23">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Markov-perfect industry dynamics: A framework for empirical work</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Ericson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ariel</forename><surname>Pakes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">62</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="53" to="82" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,225.48,312.00,10.21;38,68.88,237.50,303.26,10.21;38,68.88,249.52,303.16,10.21;38,68.88,261.48,91.62,10.21" xml:id="b24">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Scarring recessions and credit constraints: Evidence from Colombian firm dynamics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marcela</forename><surname>Eslava</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Arturo</forename><surname>Galindo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Marc</forename><surname>Hofstetter</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alejandro</forename><surname>Izquierdo</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 2010-07</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2010" />
			<pubPlace>Bogota</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Universidad de los Andes</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">CEDE Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,273.50,311.98,10.21;38,68.88,285.52,303.15,10.21;38,68.88,297.24,185.62,10.45" xml:id="b25">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How firms respond to business cycles: The role of firm age and firm size</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Teresa</forename><surname>Fort</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ron</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jarmin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Javier</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">IMF Economic Review</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1" to="40" />
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,309.50,311.96,10.21;38,68.88,321.28,303.14,10.45;38,68.88,333.24,303.18,10.45;38,68.88,345.50,303.14,10.21;38,68.88,357.52,214.32,10.21;38,60.09,369.48,311.95,10.21;38,68.88,381.26,303.17,10.45;38,68.88,393.52,56.55,10.21" xml:id="b26">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Market selection, reallocation and restructuring in the U.S. retail trade sector in the 1990s</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lucia</forename><surname>Foster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">C</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Krizan ; Charles</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">R</forename><surname>Hulten</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Edward</forename><forename type="middle">R</forename><surname>Dean</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><forename type="middle">J</forename><surname>Harper</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">New developments in productivity analysis</title>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2001" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">88</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="748" to="58" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Chicago: University of Chicago Press for National Bureau of Economic Research</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note>Aggregate productivity growth: Lessons from microeconomic evidence</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,405.49,311.98,10.21;38,68.88,417.50,303.12,10.21;38,68.88,429.28,200.57,10.45;38,60.09,441.49,311.92,10.21;38,68.88,453.50,303.13,10.21;38,68.88,465.52,72.62,10.21" xml:id="b27">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Reallocation, firm turnover, and efficiency: Selection on productivity or profitability?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Lucia</forename><surname>Foster</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chad</forename><surname>Syverson</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 17853</idno>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">National Bureau of Economic Research</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">98</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="394" to="425" />
			<date type="published" when="2008" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">NBER Working Paper</note>
	<note>American Economic Review</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,477.49,311.92,10.21;38,68.88,489.51,303.16,10.21;38,68.88,501.52,303.25,10.21;38,68.88,513.49,303.28,10.21;38,68.88,525.51,51.14,10.21" xml:id="b28">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Do credit market shocks affect the real economy? Quasi-experimental evidence from the Great Recession and &quot;normal&quot; economic times</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Michael</forename><surname>Greenstone</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Alexandre</forename><surname>Mas</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 12-27</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2012" />
			<pubPlace>Cambridge, MA</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Department of Economics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,537.52,311.98,10.21;38,68.88,549.25,303.19,10.45" xml:id="b29">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Productivity and firm turnover in Israeli industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Zvi</forename><surname>Griliches</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Haim</forename><surname>Regev</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Econometrics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">65</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="175" to="203" />
			<date type="published" when="1995" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="38,60.09,561.51,311.89,10.21;38,68.88,573.52,303.14,10.21;38,60.09,47.26,18.00,9.19;38,325.81,47.26,46.28,9.19;39,68.76,69.52,303.16,10.21;39,68.76,81.48,149.53,10.21;39,59.98,93.26,311.93,10.45;39,68.76,105.28,185.75,10.45" xml:id="b30">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Historically large decline in job creation from startups and existing firms in the S330 Foster et al. 2008-09 recession</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">John</forename><surname>Haltiwanger</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ron</forename><surname>Jarmin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Javier</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">Kauffman Foundation Business Dynamics Statistics Briefing</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>Kansas City</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2011" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">95</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="347" to="61" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Who creates jobs? Small versus large versus young</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,117.48,312.01,10.21;39,68.76,129.26,173.32,10.45" xml:id="b31">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Entry, exit, and firm dynamics in long run equilibrium</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hugo</forename><surname>Hopenhayn</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">60</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1127" to="50" />
			<date type="published" when="1992" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,141.52,312.00,10.21;39,68.76,153.24,303.16,10.45;39,68.76,165.50,77.08,10.21" xml:id="b32">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Job turnover and policy evaluation: A general equilibrium analysis</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Hugo</forename><surname>Hopenhayn</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Richard</forename><surname>Rogerson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Political Economy</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">101</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">5</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="915" to="953" />
			<date type="published" when="1993" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,177.52,311.95,10.21;39,68.76,189.48,303.18,10.21;39,68.76,201.50,92.46,10.21" xml:id="b33">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The recent decline in employment dynamics</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Henry</forename><surname>Hyatt</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">James</forename><surname>Spletzer</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<pubPlace>Washington, DC</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Center for Economic Studies</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper no. 13-03</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,213.52,311.94,10.21;39,68.76,225.48,303.22,10.21;39,68.76,237.50,51.52,10.21" xml:id="b34">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">The longitudinal business database</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ron</forename><forename type="middle">S</forename><surname>Jarmin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Javier</forename><surname>Miranda</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<idno>no. 02-17</idno>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2002" />
		</imprint>
		<respStmt>
			<orgName>Center for Economic Studies</orgName>
		</respStmt>
	</monogr>
	<note type="report_type">Working Paper</note>
	<note>Washington, DC</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,249.28,311.93,10.45;39,68.76,261.24,106.79,10.45" xml:id="b35">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Selection and the evolution of industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Boyan</forename><surname>Jovanovic</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="1982" />
			<biblScope unit="volume">50</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="649" to="70" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,273.50,311.96,10.21;39,68.76,285.28,303.17,10.45;39,68.76,297.24,110.15,10.45" xml:id="b36">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Job creation and job destruction and the theory of unemployment</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Dale</forename><forename type="middle">T</forename><surname>Mortensen</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Christopher</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Pissarides</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economic Studies</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">61</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">3</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="397" to="415" />
			<date type="published" when="1994" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,309.50,311.98,10.21;39,68.76,321.28,303.22,10.45;39,68.76,333.48,22.50,10.21" xml:id="b37">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The dynamics of productivity in the telecommunications equipment industry</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Steven</forename><surname>Olley</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Ariel</forename><surname>Pakes</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Econometrica</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">64</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">6</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="1263" to="1310" />
			<date type="published" when="1996" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,345.50,311.96,10.21;39,68.76,357.52,303.16,10.21;39,68.76,369.48,117.32,10.21" xml:id="b38">
	<monogr>
		<title level="m" type="main">Credit frictions and the cleansing effect of recessions. Unpublished manuscript</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Sophie</forename><surname>Osotimehin</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Francesco</forename><surname>Pappadà</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<imprint>
			<date type="published" when="2013" />
			<pubPlace>University of Virginia, Charlottesville</pubPlace>
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,381.26,311.95,10.45;39,68.77,393.28,119.48,10.45" xml:id="b39">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">The scarring effect of recessions</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Min</forename><surname>Ouyang</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Journal of Monetary Economics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">56</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="184" to="99" />
			<date type="published" when="2009" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,405.25,311.98,10.45;39,68.77,417.26,303.16,10.45;39,68.77,429.52,19.78,10.21;39,59.98,441.25,307.96,10.45" xml:id="b40">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Business cycles: A theoretical, historical and statistical analysis of the capitalist process. 2 vols</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Joseph</forename><forename type="middle">A</forename><surname>Schumpeter</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="m">1942. Capitalism, socialism and democracy</title>
		<meeting><address><addrLine>New York; New York</addrLine></address></meeting>
		<imprint>
			<publisher>Harper</publisher>
			<date type="published" when="1939" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,453.50,311.99,10.21;39,68.77,465.28,247.61,10.45;39,59.98,477.25,311.97,10.45;39,68.77,489.27,105.65,10.45" xml:id="b41">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">Product substitutability and productivity dispersion</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Chad</forename><surname>Syverson</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">Review of Economics and Statistics</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">86</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">2</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="326" to="65" />
			<date type="published" when="2004" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
	<note>Journal of Economic Literature</note>
</biblStruct>

<biblStruct coords="39,59.98,501.52,311.96,10.21;39,68.77,513.25,257.75,10.45" xml:id="b42">
	<analytic>
		<title level="a" type="main">How should relative changes be measured?</title>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Leo</forename><surname>Tornqvist</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Pentti</forename><surname>Vartia</surname></persName>
		</author>
		<author>
			<persName xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0"><forename type="first">Yrjo</forename><surname>Vartia</surname></persName>
		</author>
	</analytic>
	<monogr>
		<title level="j">American Statistician</title>
		<imprint>
			<biblScope unit="volume">39</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="issue">1</biblScope>
			<biblScope unit="page" from="43" to="46" />
			<date type="published" when="1985" />
		</imprint>
	</monogr>
</biblStruct>

				</listBibl>
			</div>
		</back>
	</text>
</TEI>
